{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12049172", "title": "New Lokayukta in a fortnight: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's 10-day deadline to find a Lokayukta, to head the Karnataka anti-corruption watchdog, ended on Sunday, but no headway has been made on the issue. Gowda has now extended this deadline by another fortnight.\"The process of consultation for the appointment of Lokayukta will be completed in next 15 days. I have written to the Chief Justice of Karnataka high court, leaders of the opposition and presiding officers of both Houses. I will take the process forward after I get their reply,\" Gowda said on Sunday.The chief minister was on his way to Udupi to take part in the 13th day ceremony of VS Acharya, who passed away on February 14.Gowda had set the deadline on February 17 saying he will find the right candidate in 10 days.WHAT CAUSED THE DELAY?Lokayukta's appointment is believed to have got entangled with internal bickering of BJP party. Besides, Karnatakla HC Chief Justice's recent letter to Gowda questioning the appointment of Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah and the impending Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypolls too have contributed to the delay.On budget preparations, the CM said: \"This time we will also focus on the youth. The budget proposal on youth will be in public domain for a year. By next year, we will know which direction we have to take on the youth policy. We want the youth, who constitute 44% of the state's population, to be self-reliant and strong.''DECISION TIMEOn demands from all sectors, Gowda said, \"We will have a look at various demands. I have held reviews with 65 departments and spent a day with various organizations pertaining to various sectors. Next week I will sit with representatives of farmers and youth. After getting their views we will take a decision.\"On criticism that he was finding it difficult to manage 18 portfolios, he said: \"As far as criticisms are concerned, I have two ears. I take in the criticisms with one ear and let go from the other.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12049717", "title": "RTO worker found floating in Safa Masjid Lake at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Abhijit Tatu Gawas, 24, who worked at the office of the assistant director of transport (ADT), Ponda, was found floating in the Safa Masjid Lake at Shapur-Ponda Sunday noon. The Ponda police said Gawas could have drowned either late Saturday night or early Sunday morning, but could not say whether it was an accident or if he had committed suicide.Ponda ADT Nandkishor Arolkar said that Gawas was good at his work and had no disputes with his colleagues. A postmortem was conducted at GMC, Bambolim Sunday afternoon. The forensic team concluded that Gawas died due to drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12049996", "title": "Mining rejects destroying fields, say ryots", "text": "KERI: The horticulturists of Advoi in Sattari are seeing red over the increasing height and size of a mining dump at Vaghurem, adjacent to the Advoi nullah. They have complained in this regard to the deputy collector of Bicholim.Laxman Sawaikar, a horticulturist from Advoi said, \"The irresponsible dumping of mining rejects in the catchment area of the Advoi nullah and the lack of precautionary measures, leads to the dump collapsing during the monsoon. This in turn, seeps into the nullah and destroys our fields.\"Horticulturist Anand Sawaikar said that despite high court directives, \"Sesa Goa mining officials have not taken appropriate steps to curb siltation\". Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) officials inspected the mining dump on January 3, following which Sanjeev Joglekar, GSPCB assistant environment engineer, said, \"It has been observed that the mining rejects dump is located in survey numbers 33, 34, 35, 37, 39 and 40 of the Advoi nullah. The silt then flows into the rivulet, which is a tributary of the river Mandovi and is located adjacent to the horticulture plantation. The said dump is not stabilized and no protective measures like geo-textiles have been undertaken by the company.\"The mining dump is approximately 1,500m in length and 700m in breadth and falls under forest land, the GSPCB officials said.On June16, 2011, due to heavy rain, the barricades of the dump and protective bunds of the silting pond breached and silt entered the Advoi nullah, causing losses to farmers in Advoi and surrounding areas.Arun Naik, the assistant engineer of the water resources department from Valpoi who inspected the dump, said, \"The dumps are in the catchment area of the Advoi nalla and hence silt and turbid water flow into the nullah during the monsoon.\"Junior mining geologist of the Indian bureau of mines R Saravanabhavan said, \"There is no approved mining plan for the mining lease at Vaghurem.\" While Ramdas Kavalekar, a local official of Sesa Goa, told TOI that proper protective measures would be taken to prevent silt from flowing into water bodies, Mahesh Patil, Sesa Goa's general manager said, \"One lease deed was granted in respect of survey No. 35/1 at Vaghurem in favour of our company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12048671", "title": "After birthday bash, boys rape class X girl in car", "text": "NOIDA: In yet another brutal assault on a girl in a moving car, a 17-year-old class X student of a Noida public school was allegedly gangraped by five of her neighbours as they drove around Noida in their i10, police said.As shocking as the rape, which took place on Friday night, was the appalling behaviour of the city police. They not only let out personal details about the minor victim at a press conference on Sunday, but also made tactless remarks about her character, declaring that she had been \"willingly drinking vodka\" with the boys to celebrate a birthday.Four of the accused, identified as Himanshu Sharma, Rahul Arya, Sunil Singh, and Saurabh Chauhan, have been arrested while a fifth, Neeraj Singh, is absconding. All accused are 20 years old.The incident took place around 8pm on February 24 when the five met the victim near Priyadarshini Park in sector 12 and requested her to join them for the birthday celebrations of Rahul.\"They all went to a lodge in sector 53 for drinks after which the accused forced the girl into the car belonging to Chauhan. Inside, she was repeatedly raped by the five men while the car was being driven around the city,\" said Anant Dev Tiwari, SP City, Noida Police.According to the police, the girl was then dumped outside Priyadarshini Park at around 9pm. The victim told TOI the accused threatened her not to report the crime. She said she went to a friend's house in the vicinity. The friend's mother, on seeing the girl's condition, called up her family.The shocked parents then approached the police, who took her to the district hospital for a medical examination, which confirmed rape, police said.\"A case under relevant sections of IPC was registered and investigations initiated. We were able to arrest four of the accused, while the fifth will be caught soon,\" said Tiwari.Police said the victim had known the accused for the past few months. In another shocking revelation, the victim told TOI that the same men had raped her on May 24 last year. There was no independent corroboration of this charge.The victim lives with her parents and infant brother in Noida. Among the accused, Rahul Arya is an employee of a private city mall and Himanshu Sharma a student of ICWA in Delhi. Saurabh Chauhan owns an auto-parts dealership in the city, Sunil Singh is a mass-communication student while Neeraj Singh is studying management in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049685", "title": "Experts suggest ways to trap elusive tiger", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stray tiger loitering in Rahmankhera for past two months has become accustomed to the forest and this has made it difficult to track it. On Sunday, wildlife experts visited the Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) campus and suggested ways to the forest officers to trap the big cat.\"We suggested that a bait be put at one place, and that place should be within the range of tranquilising experts,\" said wildlife expert Kaushlendra Singh. The patch of the forest in Rahmankhera, where the tiger is currently hiding, has lot of scrub forest. There have been occasions when the darts fired by the forest team missed the tiger.The stray tiger of Rahmankhera made it's presence felt, in the area, three days back. It made a kill. \"But, with changing weather, it might change its movement,\" said Sanjay Narayan, secretary, Tiger and Terrain. The experts also suggested that the rough and hard ground, at Rahmankhera forest, be levelled, so that, it becomes easier to get clear pugmarks, and tracking team could know which direction has tiger gone.The tiger, so far, hasn't ventured out of the forest area, to near-by localities. The big cat is completely localised in Rahmankhera. And, one main reason behind is the fact that it is a perfect habitat, with lot of prey-base, dense forest patch and water also available, in the vicinity.All through its stay, in Rahmankhera, it hasn't attacked any human. And, this is one reason, why trapping the feline safely becomes important. The forest department has set up enclosures at some new locations also, and a bait is being tied to lure the tiger almost regularly. But, it has not helped so far. The experts, who visited the spot, on Sunday, also suggested to erect poles, in the area, where tranquilising experts sit, and put a switch, that may automatically get on, as soon as the dart is fired. This will make it easy to see the tiger, during evening.Meanwhile, some foreign organizations have also evinced interest in helping the forest department to trap the tiger.The stray tiger of Rahmankhera made it's presence felt, in the area, three days back. It made a kill. The tiger, so far, hasn't ventured out of the forest area, to near-by localities. The big cat is completely localised in Rahmankhera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12049107", "title": "Successive rape cases rattle Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Back-to-back rape allegations have rattled the administration over the past few weeks, the common thread being police apparent reluctance to bring the perpetrators to book. Now that criticism has started flowing in from all quarters, senior police officers have started arresting the accused named in the FIRs.Katwa rape: The railway police have handed over the investigation into the Katwa rape case to Burdwan police after failing to arrest the accused. Top police officers spoke at length with the victim - a 29-year-old widow - in Ketugram's Ambal. Three persons who'd boarded the train from Birbhum's Kirnahar were detained from Ambar village for interrogation.DGP (Railways) Dilip Mitra told TOI that he has spoken to the victim and an FIR has been lodged at Katwa GRP. The medical examination of the victim has been conducted at Katwa subdivisional hospital and the clothes have been seized for forensic testing. He claimed that the victim has \"no complaint against police.\"Howrah additional divisional railway manager Kamal Kishore Patra, who visited the spot, admitted that there is lack of security in trains in Katwa section. \"We don't have sufficient force to patrol the night trains,\" he said. Mainly daily passengers and farmers travel in the Katwa - Ahmedpur narrow gauge passenger train. The guard and the driver has lodged FIR at Katwa GRP last night.Accused constable held in Malda: If the culprits in the Katwa case are still at large, constable Krishna Kamal Das, who has been accused of raping a 37-year-old Malda woman, has finally been arrested by Bankura police. Though the incident took place in October last year, the police reportedly took no action against the accused and turned down the complainant's pleas on numerous occasions.On Sunday, Das was detained from his quarters at Bankura Police lines and questioned. He, however, denied any involvement. He claimed his family had a relation with the woman concerned. He alleged that the victim framed him because the family ties turned sour of late. \"Das has been arrested based on a Malda police requisition. The arrest details have been sent to Malda police for subsequent investigation,\" said Bankura SP Pranav Kumar.Falta accused in net : Police on Sunday made another arrest - Jehangir Khan, the key accused in the Falta rape, where a teenager was allegedly abducted, confined in a dark room and reportedly raped by seven accused for 10 days before she managed to escape. The physical suffering and psychological trauma has left the girl bed-ridden at a Diamond Harbour hospital.Police initially refused to record the victim's complaint but was forced to initiate a probe only after Calcutta high court asked Falta police station to investigate the allegation. All these while, police inaction emboldened the accused, who kept threatening the victim's father to withdraw the case. The father was also forced to stay in the hospital premises fearing an attempt on his life. The accused also ransacked the victim's house on Friday.Early on Sunday, police picked up Khan and produced him before the court. The court remanded him to four-day police custody. \"Earlier, Gopal Khan was arrested in the case. Five more accused will be arrested shortly as we get some specific clues,\" said South 24-Parganas SP L N Meena.Baranagar rape and murder: Investigation into the case did not move any further on Sunday. Police had earlier held Dilip Sonar, who had started living with the victim after her husband abandoned her. Dilip had started living with the victim at her shanty in Baranagar Parking Bustee on Beghoria Express, but dumped the victim following a tiff a fortnight ago.The victim's 20-year-old son Ratan Das claimed that his mother named 'Dilip' in her dying statement in the hospital. Ratan said his mother managed to say him 'Don't let off Dilip' before collapsing. Police are investigating whether the victim and her family members had any rivalry with Dilip.Cops said no FIR was lodged by the victim's kin. \"The investigation is on. Some persons are being interrogated. No one has been arrested in this connection yet. The raids are being conducted to nab the criminals,\" said Himadri Banerjee, officer-in-charge of Baranagar police station. Dilip will be produced at court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12051095", "title": "Zilla parishad set to meet apex court deadline on loos in schools", "text": "NASHIK: The zilla parishad administration is all geared up to meet the March 31 deadline set by the Supreme Court to the state government to ensure that separate permanent toilets for boys and girls be put in place at all government-run schools.\"We will be able to partly meet the deadline. This will be in the form of at least one toilet facility in every school. For separate toilet facilities, we will file an affidavit with the Supreme Court saying we have included the same in the next annual plan,\" said chief executive officer, zilla parishad, RK Mehta.The Supreme Court had set the deadline to all state governments and union territories as well to ensure that all schools have permanent toilets separately for boys and girls inside their complexes. The January 14 order has found the Nashik zilla parishad (ZP) and even the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) struggling to meet the deadline.As per the available statistics, there are 15 NMC schools that do not have any toilet facility for children from Class 1 to 7. The children either use public toilets in the vicinity or there are cases in which parents prefer not sending their children to the school due to the lack of such a facility there.Similarly, the number of schools in rural Nashik without any facilities for children to answer nature's call is 298.\"The situation is grave and the Supreme Court has given us directives on the same. We are making at least one toilet facility available to every school before the deadline, for which Rs 70 lakh is being sanctioned from the district planning and development office. Secondly, to carry out the mammoth task of ensuring that there are separate facilities in every school, at least Rs 9 crore is required,\" Mehta said.Meanwhile, about drinking water facilities, the CEO also said there were at least 100 such cases where water supply was available but only minor repairs and maintenance works had to be done. These cases have been regularized and now water facility through storage tanks has been made available to everybody, Mehta informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051449", "title": "Woman 'steals' car", "text": "On Sunday evening, a woman allegedly lifted a businessman's car from outside his house in Sector 32-A, Chandigarh Road.Jatinder Sachdeva claimed his Indigo Manza was lifted around 8.30pm. SHO, Division no 7, Davinder Prasad said Sachdeva informed them that a woman came along with a boy on a scooter.\"He alleged that the boy dropped the woman near his car and left. She opened the vehicle with a key and fled with it. We are verifying the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048813", "title": "Ex-staffer nabbed for killing call center manager", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ellisbridge police officials arrested Mansingh Rathore, accused in a murder case, from Rajasthan on Friday. Police recovered the stolen money in a course of two days. Rathore killed Surendra Sharma, manager of Shivam Agency in Wall Street II near Gandhigram railway crossing, on February 22. \"Rathore had demanded pay of three days that were cut in his final payment before he left the job. Sharma agreed to talk about the issue with the owners the next day. But Rathore in no mood to listen to him and assaulted him with a heavy iron rod. Sharma suffered brain hemorrhage and died four hours after the incident,\" said an official.B K Purohit, inspector of Ellisbridge police station, told TOI that he had stolen Sharma's purse and withdrew a team followed Rathore's digital footprint to Banswada in Rajasthan, Rathore's native, and arrested him on Friday. \"He came to know about Sharma's death from his friends and thus tried to evade arrest. He also confessed that he had stolen Sharma's purse that contained three ATM cards. In two days, more than Rs 10,000.We have recovered some of the amount in last two days,\" said Purohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049797", "title": "Norms relaxed for Class X, XII repeat pupils in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has issued a circular to schools informing them that candidates who are reanswering their Class X and XII public exams will be allowed to improve their scores in the practical component as well.High schools and higher secondary schools had earlier been issued a circular by the Goa Board informing them that the practical marks scored by the repeater candidates would be carried forward. The students reanswering their exams were told that they would have to appear only in the theory component in case they have passed in the practical component.A new circular issued by the Goa Board now clarifies that candidates who had passed in practicals and need improvement in theory, may appear also for practicals, if they so desire. However, the candidates will have to give an undertaking that the new score obtained would be taken as the final score.The Goa Board had issued a circular in 2010 where in subjects involving practical exams the Board had decided to grant exemption separately for the practical and theory components so that the candidates will be required to appear only in the component in which they have not passed and will not have to appear for the practical as well as theory exam in the subjects they have failed.This concession was enforced at the Class X and XII examinations held in March/April 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049265", "title": "Subterranean alleys have turned public toilets and hotbeds of nuisance", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of which city have the luxury of relieving themselves in a Rs 35-lakh worth public toilet? Bangalore. Only that the said \"public toilet\" was actually intended to be a subway across Raj Bhavan Road near Basaveshwara Circle.The laxity of the civic administration in not having a guard to man the subway and keep it clean all the time and the lack of civic consciousness among average Bangaloreans have resulted in this subway becoming a public toilet, informally though.Subways and Bangaloreans don't seem to gel. Barring the ones near Majestic bus stand and KR Market, most subways in the city are in a decrepit condition.The subways at Nrupatunga Road at KR Circle, Sampige Road near Malleswaram Circle, Bellary Road near Hebbal and Shivajnagar may have escaped the fate of the Raj Bhavan Road subway. But they are certainly not used for the purposes they were set up.A reality check at these subways is an eye-opener. Two subways constructed near Malleswaram Circle have remained locked for five months due to the bad maintenance. The one in Shivajinagar too has remained locked for a long time. The one on Nrupathunga Road is a haven for miscreants and muggers during night, besides those attending nature's call during days.Saraswati Narayan, a high school teacher, said that police personnel must be deputed near the entrance of the subways to ensure security. \"How do you expect a girl to go into a subway without any security?\" she asked.The situation is no better in those subways where people dare to go as well. The subways at Majestic are teeming with people always for it is impossible to walk across the roads above.\"It stinks\" said Latha B, a resident of Tumkur and employee with a private firm in Bangalore. \"People spit in the corners and even urinate openly. At night, pimps operate with impunity,\" she alleged.Besides, most of the subway area is monopolized by vendors. \"It is hard to walk with vendors on both sides. Police take money from them and let them be there,\" said Ram Prasad, a student.BBMP officials though pass the buck when questioned about the state of subways. BT Ramesh, engineer-in-chief, BBMP, said it was the duty of the zonal engineers to maintain it. The official closed the matter by giving a curt assurance that the security will be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mathura/agra/sambhal", "code": "12050914", "title": "UP polls: A new assertion in western UP", "text": "MATHURA/AGRA/SAMBHAL: In western Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati's Jatav voters are neither invisible nor silent. They butt into conversations, flaunt their caste like a badge of honour and swear allegiance to her election symbol, the elephant. Their confidence is stunning and their enthusiasm infectious. If Mayawati's five-year rule has given them something, it's a sense of empowerment and an identity that's no longer a social burden. In UP 2012, the Jatavs overwhelmingly believe that they have arrived.A group of young boys loitering in a narrow lane in Fatehpur Sikri's Rungkata village symbolize the transformation. Cocky, brash and self-assured , these Jatav teenagers have none of the subservience of previous generations . Omvir (18), plonks himself down on a chair in Thakur Netrapal Singh's tiny shop of ayurvedic medicines. Singh has just launched into a tirade against Mayawati's non-performing government . \"I don't care what she hasn't done,'' Omvir interrupts boldly. \"I'm going to vote for the BSP. It's my party.''Singh looks taken aback at the temerity of this chit of a boy but doesn't retaliate. \"It's vote bank politics,'' he explains with a knowing look. Omvir gives a cheeky smile before running off to join his friends.The exchange between the historical oppressor and the oppressed is illuminating. It opens a window to the changing social landscape in this belt and explains why Mayawati remains a formidable force despite the controversies that rocked her turbulent years as chief minister. It also blows apart the prevailing myth about the \"youth factor' ' in the ongoing elections. For Omvir, the harbinger of change is not Rahul Gandhi and the Congress. It's Mayawati. Her rally in Mathura was overflowing with young boys and girls, many of them little more than high school students. In 2007, she attracted a middle generation of timid believers emboldened by the blessings the Brahmins gave the BSP at that time. Five years later, she's pulling in a younger, assertive lot who dare to dream big.Their numbers explain, at least partially, the zooming turnout this time. Zealous BSP workers have enrolled all these youngsters as voters during the Election Commission's periodic drives to update the electoral rolls. According to one estimate, it has boosted the party's base by 10,000-12 ,000 votes in every constituency . And they turn up in full strength on polling day with all the enthusiasm of the first-time voter.This is Mayawati's vanguard in western UP for these elections, aggressive and vocal. There is always the danger that they could upset the applecart for her by polarising an anti-Jatav sentiment. On the other hand, they could suck in floating votes with their energy and fervour. But for many, the issue is not the difference between victory and defeat . \"We used to walk with our heads bent. Now we walk with our heads held high. That's what matters ,'' said young housewife Anjana , brandishing her faux leather handbag as a sign of success.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12049512", "title": "Rift over Russian trustees deepens", "text": "MANALI: The dream of Nicholas Roerich and Jawaharlal Nehru to bind the world with the thread of art and culture seems to be turning sour following controversies over donations and membership of Russians in International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), situated at Naggar village of Kullu.The Himachal government has already made it clear that membership of Russian trustees in IRMT is invalid and that the trust has accepted donations from Russia, violating Foreign Contributions Regulations Act (FCRA). A detailed complaint has been sent to the central government for further action, sources said.Meanwhile, executive director and curator of IRMT, Alena Adamkova, has stated that the trust remained functional only due to help from Russians, not from the state government, and that they were being forced to leave the country. \"I have been advised to leave the country early,\" Alena said, adding, \"I've devoted my 10 years to IRMT. Now when I'm back with valid employment visa, the foreigner registration office (FRO) in Kullu, is not registering me, under the influence of some selfish persons who don't want Russians to stay in Naggar.\"She said there were allegations that the trust has misused funds though deputy commissioner, who is the treasurer of the trust, is the sole signatory of cheques and transactions. \"Besides DC, our Indian managar takes care of accounts as we don't have enough funds to hire an accountant. To make all donations transparent, we have listed these on our website,\" she said.Kullu superintendent of police, Ashok Kumar, said they had received an advisory that Alena should not visit Kullu. \"As it is an advisory and not an order, we cannot ask her to leave Kullu. She can stay here for 15 more days. We would take action according to further orders from embassy. We have rejected her registration.\"Alena said she was one of the authorized signatories to sign the cheques along with DC, but her rights were snatched illegally. \"Many of the trustees have not contributed anything to the trust. It is Russian ambassador to India, Alexander M Kadakin, vice president of IRMT, who has devoted much of his time energy for this trust. If Kadakin and art lovers of Russia had not helped financially, IRMT would have been closed long ago,\" she said. An application was sent to Union home ministry seeking permission under FCRA, but it was rejected for some reasons, she added.At the time of formation of the trust in July 6, 1992, it was provided for in its byelaws that a meeting of its trustees and members should occur at least once a year. Russian ambassador Kadakin kept writing to state government in this regard for years, but nothing happened, sources said. Alena said Russian ambassador spares time for IRMT for at least twice a year and it was in March 2011 when all trustees and members managed to gather here after a long time.\"We know that there are some selfish members of the trust who, fearing lose of monopoly, have been provoking issues for no valid reason. For them, it doesn't matter how much we have dedicated ourselves for the promotion of art, culture and this trust. They are taking advantage of our not being Indians,\" she said. Meanwhile, one of the trustees said that functioning of IRMT is 100% irregular and Alena was doing things for her personal profit. \"The board of trustees has decided to exclude her from Roerich trust. She has robbed the temple of art founded by saint Nicholas Roerich,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049151", "title": "Gopalpura bypass residents concerned over heavy traffic diversion", "text": "JAIPUR: The recent Supreme Court decision to review the utility of heavy vehicular movement on the B2 bypass has raised the concern of Gopalpura bypass residents. They say that in case the heavy vehicular traffic is diverted to Gopalpura bypass, it would be dangerous for the residents of the area.Murali Lal Gupta, secretary of Gopalpura Sangh, said, \"We have started our campaign against the movement of heavy vehicles on Gopalpura bypass. We met local representatives on Sunday asking them not to start heavy traffic on the road.\"He said that a population of around 9 lakh, including those living in Sanganer area, is at risk if the bypass is opened again for heavy traffic. \"The stretch of 14 kilometers includes schools, shops and homes. The risk factor here is much higher than B2 bypass.\"Meanwhile, the residents of SFS in Mansarovar are mulling over filing a petition in the High Court after the decision. They have suggested an alterative route to the concerned departments - from Vatika to Kalwada village - which they say can act as an alternate bypass and not affect the Gopalpura route.The SC has transferred the case to the Rajasthan High Court for further hearing in which the court has been asked to hear the SFS resident welfare society's version too, making the residents of Gopalpura bypass jittery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "baraut (baghpat)", "code": "12048898", "title": "UP polls: Ajit Singh facing stiff challenge from BSP, SP on home turf", "text": "BARAUT (Baghpat): \"Pehle the hum neem-julaha, phir bane darzi; khich-khich ke baney Syed, aage maa ki marzi,\" says Devraj Chauhan, an elderly Jat, as he takes another drag on his hookah lying outside his home near Jain College at Baraut. \"A little boy once asked his headmaster to change his caste and it was done promptly. But when he asked for the same thing again, the headmaster sought an explanation and that is how the boy answered,'' he adds.Chauhan is talking about RLD leader Ajit Singh who lords it over the Jat heartland of Baghpat. Chauhan is explaining how slippery, like the little boy, Singh has been as a political ally and how his sudden decision to join hands with Congress last year has only added to his \"reputation\".According to Chauhan, while Singh is masquerading as Congress's spin doctor who can help swing its fortunes in western UP, the Jat chieftain is facing a stiff challenge from BSP and SP in all three seats here - Baghgpat, Chapprauli and Baraut.Chapprauli, he says, with over 1 lakh Jat voters is the only safe seat for Singh because of emotional reasons; Singh's father Chaudhary Charan Singh was MLA here and all Jats unite here for Singh at the last minute before voting.It's not the same at Baraut and Baghpat. The BSP candidate is popular among all non-Jat voters including Dalits and Brahmins but the RLD here is in a tough spot also because a powerful local Jat and SP candidate, Ajay Kumar, is threatening to corner a substantial chunk of Jat votes. A former RLD leader, Kumar joined SP after he was denied ticket by Singh.Similarly, in Baghpat, SP's Jat candidate, a local strongman, has got enough support from his castemen to give sleepless nights to the RLD candidate, a Muslim. If the SP candidate gets even 30% of Jat votes, BSP's Hemlata Chaudhary, who has support from all non-Jat voters, will romp home.Singh's decision to embrace Congress and become civil aviation minister is also drawing flak. \"For a man who claims to be a leader of farmers, it is ironical that he opted to become civil aviation minister. The elections this time are different because many even in the Jat community, especially youths, are not going to vote for RLD,'' says Pratap Singh, the district chief of Bhartiya Kisan Union and also chairman of Baghpat sugar mill.The three constituencies together have about 2.5 lakh Jat voters (33%) and Muslims about 1.75 lakh. Singh's attempt to cobble together a Jat-Muslim alliance with Congress is under strain because while Congress has agreed to give Muslims 4.5% reservation under OBC quota, no such promise has been made to Jats who have been demanding reservation for long.Singh's campaign managers are insisting that Singh entered into an alliance with Congress only after getting assurance from Congress top leadership that Jats would also be accommodated.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053871", "title": "Shankar Mahadevan to rock Triveni Mahotsav ?", "text": "' Better late than never' is an old adage but holds absolutely true for the organizing committee of the 'Triveni Mahotsav', sangam city's most awaited annual cultural extravaganza, which is all set to invite singer Shankar Mahadevan to perform in this year's function.'Due to elections we already got late in hosting this fest but we want to make up for this delay and are planning to organize even a bigger fest this time,' informs a senior official of the organizing committee, adding,'And therefore we a planning to invite a number of biggies this time and name of singer Shankar Mahadevan has already been suggested. We have approached him and a number of other celebs for the fest. All names will be disclosed once we get the official acceptance from these celebs.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053175", "title": "'Veer' maker takes Salman Khan to court", "text": "Vijay Galani has filed a legal complaint after the film governing body FWICE asked him to stay away from production until he pays Rs 15 crore to the actorProducer of the 2010 film Veer, Vijay Galani has taken his war against Salman Khan to the court. Galani, who was banned from filmmaking by FWICE (Federation Of Western India Cine Employees) following a complaint lodged by Salman with the film governing body, has filed a legal suit against FWICE a couple of days back. The case will be heard at the Dindoshi court today.\"The Non-Cooperation Directive issued against me is illegal. If it had to be issued it had to be in conjunction with AMTPP (Association of Motion Pictures Producers' Association). But AMTPP has not endorsed it. I can make a film whenever I want to. This is sheer torture. I want to resolve this. I have done no wrong,\" Galani told Mumbai Mirror.The filmmaker was accused of not paying Salman Khan a sum of Rs 15 crore for the actor's role in his 2010 production. The actor had then approached the FWICE, who in turn had passed the directive against Galani.Galani had then told Mumbai Mirror, \"Unnecessarily, people have accused me of not paying Salman his dues. I am clean. I know what I am saying. I have kept quiet for too long. Not anymore though,\" and added, \"Why doesn't Salman talk to me if he has a problem? You know what, I have met him at least seven to eight times in the past and he has never mentioned anything about an outstanding payment for Veer. Yes, I know he has lodged a complaint against me in FWICE. So what? He doesn't have the papers to prove that I have to give him any money.\"And now, Galani has filed a case against the film governing body. \"\"I do not owe any money to Salman. I spoke to this paper exclusively in January this year and I maintain my stand. Let the Court decide now. I cannot tolerate this nonsense any longer,\" said the filmmaker.Salman's allies are relentless in their pursuit of justice as well. \"He is not giving up his demand of money rom Galani so easily. He is a member of FWICE and they will fight Galani in court,\" said a source close to the actor.FWICE President, Dharmesh Tiwari too maintained that they have done no wrong in issuing the Non-Cooperation Directive against Galani. \"We are fighting for FWICE and Salman Khan. My lawyer will deal with this now in Court. I don't want to say anything further on this for now,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049380", "title": "It's livelihood-vs-death strike for bidi rollers", "text": "PUNE: As 11 central trade unions ready to participate in the February 28 agitation for their ten-point agenda -- which includes controlling spiraling prices of essential commodities and creation of more employment opportunities -- over 2 lakh women bidi workers from Maharashtra too are keen to join them. Firstly, to save their jobs and secondly, to protest the government's anti-tobacco campaign!\"The workers' unions are calling for a strike to create more employment, but we are fighting to protect our employment. The central government wants to snatch our livelihood,\" says Nalini Kalburgi, a leader of bidi workers from Solapur, which houses over 70,000 women bidi workers.\"People say tobacco causes death, but for us it wins us bread. How could we allow someone to snatch our morsel?\" asks Rukmini, a bidi roller from Pune, the city which has over 6,000 bidi rollers.As per estimates, in India, nearly 1 million people die every year due to diseases related to tobacco use. If current trends continue, tobacco will account for 13% of all deaths in India by 2020. As per a report of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), nearly 50% of cancers among males, 25% among females about 80% - 90% of all the oral cancers are associated with tobacco use. Available evidence suggests that 40% of all TB deaths are directly attributable to tobacco use. The majority of cardio vascular diseases and lung disorders are also directly attributable to tobacco consumption. Tobacco has also been identified as a risk factor for non-communicable disease (NCD) and it accounts for one in six deaths resulting from NCDs.\"Why are we accused of working in an industry that kills people? We are working for our livelihood. If the government is ready to provide an alternative, all women will quit bidi making immediately,\" says Communist Party of India (M) leader and former MLA Narasayya Adam, who represented bidi workers from Solapur in state assembly for over a decade.The all-India Bidi, Cigar, and Tobacco Workers Federation estimates that women comprise 90 - 95% of total employees in bidi manufacture. They are the primary bidi rollers and typically operate from homes. Other members of the family actively assist in the process, especially children. In many cases, several women from the same household may engage in bidi rolling to fulfill quotas. There are about 23 different bidi brands in Solapur and over 245 sub-divisions of bidi industries.\"Me and my family are completely dependent on bidi rolling. I am illiterate and can't do any other job. My husband was working in a textile mill which shut down a few years back. People say bidi is dangerous but for me it is a source of livelihood,\" says Yellamma of Duttanagar area of Solapur. Bidi workers' unions in other parts of the state including Vidarbha are set to join the strike for the same reason as Yellamma has.\"We know we work in hazardous conditions. More worrying is that our own men and children are now smoking addicts. It is a vicious and unending circle,\" admits Vaishali from Ahmednagar.Bidi rollers have also strongly objected the governments anti bidi campaign 'Life Se Panga Mat Le Yaar' being aired on major radio stations and video is being played on popular national television channels. The 2.3 minute track has a melody and rhythm composed by Shaan. The music video has Shaan dancing with children, encouraging them to take all problems in their stride and not to make things worse for themselves by consuming tobacco. Hence, tobacco use is a \"panga\" they can well live without. The entire video has a very pro-life stance, is youth centric and speaks of their dreams and aspirations. The track is targeted towards youth and adolescents all over the country and sends a strong message that life without tobacco is a life worth living.\"The government is painting us as messengers of death. We are poor people working for a livelihood,\" says Rekha, a resident of Duttanagar, who says she is not aware of any research that proves tobacco kills.Not surprisingly, the WHO report on the Global Tobacco Epidemic - 2011 states: \"Many people are unaware of the harms of tobacco use. Despite clear evidence about the dangers of tobacco use, many tobacco users worldwide underestimate the full extent of the risk to themselves and others.\" As per the Global Adult Tobacco Survey-India (GATS -2010) conducted in the age group 15 and above, over 35% of the population in India consumes tobacco in some form or other, with 47% male and 20.8% female consuming some form of tobacco. In absolute numbers there are 275 million users of tobacco in India. Thus, India is second only to China, which has over 300 million smokers, mostly men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050330", "title": "Socio-economic and caste census begins in city", "text": "NAGPUR: After an inordinate delay due to civic election, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the socio-economic and caste census in the city. Total 1,113 enumerators along with data operators will cover 5.32 lakh houses in 45 days.After population and students census, Central government is preparing a detailed report on socio-economic status and caste of citizens. The census was to begin from June and conclude by December last year. In city, it was to start in October 2011. However, due to elections, the exercise got delayed and has now commenced from February 20.\"Central government had sent house list of the city prepared for population census 2011. NMC has completed the process to divide it in 1,113 blocks. The teachers of NMC and Government-aided schools have been appointed enumerators. They will visit each of the 5,32,097 households in the city along with data operators. The enumerator will ask questions and feed data in an electronic device,\" said an official.The people will be asked details of household electronic items, vehicles, property, and the house. The details about caste, religion and related information will also be collected. Besides, information about physically challenged persons will be collected. NMC has selected the same enumerators engaged in population census to make it easier. The data will be forwarded to the Central government.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has appointed deputy municipal commissioner RZ Siddiqui as incharge of the census. Garden superintendent NB Shrikhande and election superintendent Ravindra Page will monitor the exercise. Assistant commissioners of all 10 zones will be incharge of their respective zones. There would be one supervisor for every six enumerators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12050053", "title": "CCTV cameras to guard EVMs", "text": "KANPUR: CCTV cameras will keep a strict vigil at the Government Polytechnic, where the EVMs are being kept. The district election officials and poll observers are visiting polytechnic campus daily and taking stock of the security arrangements.\"Every counting hall will have an observer and a returning official, besides it will also be equipped with two computers each to maintain the counting data that will be despatched to the Election Commission,\" a senior electoral official said while talking to TOI. CCTV cameras are being installed inside and outside the counting hall, besides arrangements for videorecording of the counting session have been made.\"CCTV cameras and videorecording will capture the activities of each and every second to satisfy the candidates if objections are raised,\" said a district election official.A police official said security arrangements will be beefed up to prevent backlash after the results are declared. ADM (city) Shailendra Kumar Singh said: \"The main objective is to complete the counting in a disciplined manner.\" \"We are in touch with political leaders so that no ugly incidents take place,\" he added.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049354", "title": "Man jumps traffic signal, 'abducts' cop", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are looking for a motorist who forced a traffic police constable into his car at Andheri and drove him several kilometres till Malad before letting him go.The incident took place on Sunday morning, when the constable, Manohar Nawale (51), gestured to the motorist to stop for jumping a signal. The motorist hasn't been identified but Nawale managed to note down the registration number of the car. The Andheri police will contact the regional transport office (RTO) to find out in whose name the vehicle has been registered.Around 11.45am, Nawale, who is attached to the airport traffic division, was on duty at Andheri (E). He gestured to the driver of a car to stop as the latter had jumped a signal, but the motorist drove on unperturbed. Nawale chased him for a short distance till Shivaji Chowk in Andheri (E). He then inquired with the driver as to why he did not stop. The driver forced Nawale into the car and drove till the Western Express Highway at Malad, where he finally let Nawale go.\"Nawale has described the offender's appearance to us and we will nab him soon,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050362", "title": "'Choice based credit system tough to implement in NU'", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University has decided to implement the much-awaited Choice-Based Credit System (CBCS) from next academic session in postgraduate courses, NU officials say it would be a tough exercise.They said it would tough given the massive shortage of regular teachers and principals in NU departments and affiliated colleges. A majority of over 800 affiliated colleges were without full-time heads. Shortage of teachers was acute in professional faculties. Without full-time teachers, evaluation of student's answersheets was not possible. Moreover, most NU colleges were also lacking infrastructure and facilities.Even state minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope, during a meeting with Board of College and University Development (BCUD) directors of all state universities, had acknowledged the difficulty in implementing the system in the absence of regular teachers.Officials revealed that another problem would be of shortage of employees in NU's exam section which is battling all kinds of problems. The section is running without full-time Controller of examinations (CoE) would now have to conduct the massive exercise of holding examination for faculties like MA, MCom, MSc twice a year instead of once.The number of students in these far exceeds those in professional faculties like management and engineering. NU has failed to appoint people in exam section since last couple of years even as many employees retired. At present, CBCS is implemented in newly-opened Genetic Engineering and Molecular Biology Department where there are only 20 admissions.The officials expressed concern over failure of NU in implementing semester system in first year undergraduate engineering. NU is only university in state not implementing it. Board of Studies (BoS) has now decided to start it from next academic year. The CBCS system is followed globally for its range of benefits and many top-ranked institutions admit students on the basis of these grades. Even UGC, Union HRD ministry, and National Knowledge Commission (NKC) have recommended the system for enhancing the quality of higher education.Benefits:* It is followed in top world universities and also IITs, IISc* Students can choose subjects' of their choice, within certain restrictions* Papers divided into core and elective groups* Ensures interdisciplinary teaching and learning across all faculties* Different courses are assigned weightages called creditsChallenges:* Shortage of regular teachers, principals/directors and infrastructure* Without full-time teachers evaluation is not possible* Vacancies in exam section would make it difficult to conduct exam twice a year* Turning to semester system in UG courses will be toughHow the system works?CBCS has several unique features. They are enhanced learning opportunities, ability to match students' scholastic needs and aspirations, inter-institution transferability of students (following completion of a semester), and part-completion of an academic programme in institution of enrolment and part-completion in a specialized (and recognized) institution.It also leads to improvement in educational quality and excellence, flexibility for working students to complete the programme over an extended period of time, standardization and comparability of educational programmes across the country.A large number of universities and institutions in India are already having their undergraduate and postgraduate 'papers' subdivided into units and subunits. In switching to CBCS, the task of such institutions would be relatively easy.In a generalized manner, the sequence of CBCS would be: I) Paper II) Unit III) Sub-unit IV) CreditsWhat colleges need to do* Review curricular contents (study papers, term papers, assignment, workshop-assignment, and experiments) of certificate, diploma, undergraduate, postgraduate, MPhil and PhD programmes* For the sake of clarity of faculty, students and examiners, all the curricular contents should be specified, and subdivided into units and subunits, which are subsequently assigned numerical values and termed 'credits'* Faculty of the concerned department should deliberate and decide on (a) core-credits, and (b) elective or optional credits for different levels of academic programmes* Departmental faculty should evaluate and decide on the relative weightage of the core and elective credits* Decision on the 'total' credits to be earned by students undergoing certificate, diploma, undergraduate, postgraduate, MPhil or PhD programmes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049764", "title": "Builder tries to grab Bandra bungalow", "text": "MUMBAI: A builder and his employee have been booked for trying to forcibly take possession of a bungalow in Bandra. Four guards of a private security company have also been detained as they allegedly helped the employee break the locks of the house and barge in.The 3,000 sq-ft Bungalow 78 in Saint Sebastian Homes Cooperative Society on Rebello Road is leased out to Edmund Joseph Vaz, who stays in a tower nearby. The housing society has 119 bungalows, which have been leased out to various members for 998 years. Under the by-laws, neither any of the plots nor the houses there can be sold to a non-Catholic.Vaz said on February 22, four to five persons came to their house, beat up their guard, broke the lock and barged in, claiming to be the \"rightful\" owners. On spotting the group, the neighbours immediately called up Vaz's family. \"Vaz was out of the country at that time. So, his mother, Blossom, arrived on the spot and called the Bandra police,\" an officer said.A police team reached the bungalow and found Sameer, a representative of MB Builders, along with some guards of a security firm at the house. \"Sameer showed us some documents saying the builder had bought the property from someone called, Silva Nadar. On checking, the papers seemed to be fake,\" said inspector D S Patil. Senior inspector Abhay Shastri said they had registered cases of trespassing, criminal intimidation and threatening and would add a few more sections of the IPC.To gather more evidence, the Bandra police wrote to Sebastian CHS, seeking details of the property. \"The society wrote back saying three shares of the property are still in the name of Vaz, Blossom and Vaz's cousin, Victoria Philips. The property card also states that the bungalow was in the name of Philips, who is a lessee, and that the society has not signed any agreement with any builder,\" said Patil. Confirming it, Warren Fernandes, secretary of the society, said, \"None other than a Catholic can lease the property without the societies' concern. It appears that somebody is trying to play mischief. We have told the police about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12051057", "title": "BSY's b\u00edrthday chant: Give me my gaddi", "text": "BANGALORE: BS Yeddyurappa's 70th summer is turning out to be very unlike what the former CM has had till date. Snubbed by the very party he built, Yeddyurappa is in no mood to relent. He's certain to continue and exert pressure on the party leadership for position and power.Yeddyurappa has lined up a series of programmes - religious, spiritual and political --for Monday, his 69th birthday.The line-up has all the trappings of a D-Day . A resolution seeking suitable position for him is likely to be passed during the birthday bash organized at Gubbi Thotadappa Choultry near the City railway station by his supporters. The resolution is likely to be passed on to the high command, which has convened a meeting in New Delhi later on Saturday to discuss the 'Yeddyurappa problem' in the party.DELHI MEETING ON HOLD?However, Yeddyurappa is in two minds on him attending the Delhi meeting. The reason: party president Nitin Gadkari's clear message that the ex-CM has to clear all allegations before seeking any position. The former CM, however, is said to have deliberately decided not to make his birthday a gala event.M D Lakshminarayana, a close aide of Yeddyurappa , who is overseeing the preparations for the bash, told TOI that the seating arrangements have been made for 1,500 persons inside the hall and for an equal number outside. MP DB Chandre Gowda will preside over the event, which will be attended by irrigation minister Basavaraj Bommai besides four pontiffs from Lingayat and backward class mutts. Of course, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarapap are not welcome.Yeddyurappa and his trusted lieutenants will visit Siddaganga Mutt to seek the blessings of pontiff Sri Shivakumara Swamiji. After returning to Bangalore, he will visit Radha Krishna temple in Sanjaynagar. A closed-door meeting with loyalists and a dinner are on the cards later in the evening.Yeddyurappa's supporters have also organized for pujas at 10,008 temples across the country for his well being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "tivim", "code": "12049675", "title": "The fight between BJP and NCP in Tivim", "text": "TIVIM: While political observers say that the fight in Tivim could be between NCP-Congress candidate and sitting MLA Nilkanth Halarnkar and BJP-MGP candidate Kiran Kandolkar, they're quick to add that it is not as simple as it appears to be.First of all, the BJP sprang a last-minute surprise on the constituency when it picked Kiran Kanodlkar over former Tivim MLA Sadanand Tanavade who had lost to Halarnkar by 324 votes in the 2007 assembly poll. So political analysts say his victory depends on whether he has the support of Tanavade. \"I have been receiving guidance from Shet, I have the full support of the whole BJP mandal in Tivim,\" clarified Kandolkar.Secondly, another candidate to watch out for is Deelip Chodancar of the Goa Vikas Party. This is the only constituency in Bardez in which GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has fielded a candidate. Interestingly, Halarnkar had replaced Pacheco as tourism minister after he was forced to step down over a controversy regarding the suicide of his \"friend\" Nadia Torrado.Tivim was always an MGP bastion until the Congress' Dayanand Narvekar dominated it for some time. In 2002, BJP candidate Sadanand Tanawade won the seat for the party for the first time in 2002. However, Halarnkar who contested on the NCP ticket, defeated Tanavade in 2007. After delimitation, Tivim constituency now comprises the panchayats of Camurlim, Colvale, Tivim, Sirsaim, Pirna, Nadora, Revora and Assonora. It has a total electorate of 23,599. Moira and Nachinola panchayats that were part of Tivim earlier are now in Aldona.Contesting elections for the fifth time, Halarnkar says he is confident of defeating Kandolkar. He said, \"I have been continuously in touch with the voters, all the Congress supporters are with me. My victory is certain.\" Halarnkar claims to have undertaken a lot of development in terms of building market complexes, grounds, bus stands, providing jobs, improving the water and power scenario and other infrastructure in the village. Kandolkar, on the other hand, had contested as an independent in 2002 and had polled 1,343 votes and said he has remained \"active in the constituency by keeping in touch with his voters and actively working through the Tivim Vikas Manch for the last three years\".Kandolkar says his priorities will be building good roads, creating job opportunities and bringing women together through the cooperative sector. He claims that other unresolved issues such as water, power etc, would be solved by him.Chodankar, who \"has a considerable backing in the constituency and is hopeful of pulling a sizeable number of votes\" says, \"Halarnkar has not been an effective MLA and has remained silent on important issues, while the BJP has fielded an outsider\".Besides Halarnkar, Kandolkar and Chodankar, there are two more candidates in the fray---Dattaram Sawant of the Shiv Sena and independent Indrakant Korgaonkar. However, the people are willing to bet on a direct fight between the NCP and BJP.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053221", "title": "Karan Johar gets snowed in Srinagar", "text": "Karan Johar is busy with his next directorial Student Of The Year co-produced by his friend Shah Rukh Khan.Along with the young debutants Varun Dhawan, Aaliya Bhatt and Siddharth Malhotra, KJo is currently planning his shoot in Pahalgam, Srinagar.Unluckily for the filmmaker, his shoot schedule got disrupted due to heavy snow. Though his dialogue writer Niranjan Iyengar was left behind (since his laptop carrying the dialogues of Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine got stolen), Mumbai Mirror was close on the heels of the Dharma Productions scion. And we spotted KJo, Varun and the crew of the film trying to make their way through the snow clad valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049577", "title": "Incomplete parking lots opened to public ahead of civic polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP-led MCD is inaugurating projects ahead of the municipal elections even as these projects are yet to be completed. The underground multi-level parking lot at Hauz Khas was inaugurated on Sunday in the presence of several BJP leaders including Arun Jaitley and mayor Rajni Abbi but construction work on two of the three floors is still on.The parking lot, built beneath the Hauz Khas E-block park, has three floors. However, only one looks ready to be operational. The parking can accommodate 360 cars but with only one level ready, around 100 cars can be parked. \"The parking lot has three levels and work on two of them is still on. The shaft, lift chamber and staircase are under construction. It will take at least a month for the entire parking lot to become operational. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 31 crore,\" said an MCD official.The project was conceived in 2008 with a deadline of 18 months. For the delay in completing the project, MCD has blamed the environment ministry. \"Since the parking lot had to be constructed beneath a park, the environment ministry delayed in approving the project,\" said Aarti Mehra, BJP councillor.While MCD is stressing the need for inaugurating the parking lots even before their completion, till now the civic agency hasn't even applied for a no-objection certificate from the fire department. \"MCD hasn't applied for NOC till now. Even though MCD is an implementing agency, procuring an NOC before making the parking lot operational is mandatory,\" said an official of the Delhi Fire Services. Even the old parking lots at Asaf Ali Marg, Church Mission Road and Gandhi Maidan are operating without an NOC from the fire department.The authorities concerned are yet to float tenders for parking management, sources said. \"The parking would be opened for the public from next week and it will be run free on trial-basis so that people get used to it. A contractor for parking would be appointed,\" said Mehra.But the parking lot isn't the only project that has been inaugurated before its completion. On February 15, a parking lot at Parade Ground, Subhash Marg, was inaugurated.The parking has four underground floors but only the ground floor and the upper basement have been completed. For the delay, MCD is blaming Delhi Jal Board. \"A pipeline had to be relocated but DJB delayed it,\" said an MCD official.The construction of a parking lot at New Friends colony began in April, 2011, three years after the project was conceived. The foundation stone was laid in December, 2011. The civic agency says the parking cannot be completed before September. Again, MCD blames DJB for the delay in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pau ground", "code": "12051257", "title": "Abhishek's 107 is top score", "text": "PAU GROUND: The second day of the final match being played under under-19 Dhruv Pandove District Plate Tournament saw the grounds of Punjab Agricultural University come alive with action on Sunday.Earlier, Ludhiana had beaten Mansa in the zonal match, following which the team is now playing against Bathinda. While Bathinda mounted 220 runs in the first inning, Ludhiana managed to reply with 244 runs in 112 overs.Ludhiana's Abhishek Talwar was the highest scorer with 107 not out, followed by Nikhil Chaudary (48), Nimit Malhan (28), Abhinav Bhatia (18) in the first inning.For Bathinda, Sukhmander Singh took three wickets for 73 runs, Ramesh Kumar also bagged three wickets for 78 runs and Sunny sent one batsman packing.At the close of play on Sunday, Bathinda was 39 runs for two wickets. While Girish and Kamaljit Singh had scored 17 runs each, Paras Bhardwaj took two wickets for 23 runs.Satisfied with his performance, Ludhiana's star batsman Abhishek Talwar said he hoped to do well in the second inning too. \"Bathinda is giving us tough competition and they are also playing well,'' he added.He said if they win, it would boost the confidence of budding players like him.Ludhiana coach Charanjeet Bhangu said they had managed a small lead and hoped to build a victory from there.General secretary of Ludhiana District Cricket Association Vinod Chitkara said both the teams were playing well and every player was putting his best effort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054777", "title": "Rs 21,000 title at the book fair", "text": "Publishing houses display expensive books at the World Book FairIf you are the kinds with a fine taste for coffee table books, then the ongoing World Book Fair at the Pragati Maiden is where you need to be.Publishers and book shop chains are displaying some of their most expensive and innovative books at the fair, and a couple of them caught our fancy when we visited the fair on the first day. One among those is a limited edition copy of American photojournalist Steve McCurry's \"The Iconic Photographs\" at the CMYK stall.McCurry became known globally for his picture the \" Afghan Girl\", which gained immediate attention for capturing an Afghan girl's plight. This limited edition book, which costs Rs 21,000, has been personally autographed by him, and is among the 3,000 copies of this book available worldwide. Kapil Kapoor of Roli Books, also the director of CMYK, says, \"We have three copies of the book, but we'll get more editions here if there is a demand for it.\" Om Books too has a title on Hollywood, which costs USD 5,000 (Rs 2,50,000) that comes with a box of memorabilia, like swatches of fabrics used to make costumes in iconic Hollywood movies. Harper Collins has an atlas that costs Rs 5,000, while Penguin has a bookset on Arabian Nights that costs Rs 7,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050167", "title": "Sisters try to hoodwink police, let off with warning", "text": "CHENNAI: Two sisters waiting for a bus to Puducherry accepted a ride in an air-conditioned car, but the trip turned into a nightmare after they were robbed of a gold chain and thrown out of the car on East Coast Road on Sunday. This was the story Shanti, 50, and Kasturi, 42, from Kandanchavady told Neelankarai police so that they did not have to return the chain they had borrowed from a neighbour.At first, police believed the women, but further questioning revealed that they had cooked up the story. \"We did not arrest the women but warned them against repeating such tricks. We got suspicious when the women said the robber snatched only the gold chain and not earrings or bangles,\" said a police official.Earlier, the sisters told the police that they were waiting for a bus at Tiruvanmiyur to travel to Puducherry when a car stopped in front of them. \"A couple in the car offered to take us to Puducherry and promised to charge less than the bus fare. The driver stopped in a casuarina grove off ECR when they reached Panayur, 12km from Tiruvanmiyur. They beat us up and robbed the valuables,\" said Shanti.The women told police that they had to walk for a while to reach the main road where they waited for their family to arrive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048896", "title": "It's back to learning for teachers now", "text": "JAIPUR: With reforms in the education system rapidly changing teaching and learning methodology, teachers are finding it difficult to cope up with the frequent changes.As kids are being exposed to modern technology at a very young age, their attitude, behaviour and mental development has gone through a sea change.Experts feel that over the years the generation gap has come down from 18-20 years to 8-10 years.\"BEd and most other teacher education courses (like DEd) continue to be rooted in the British lesson plan model of 1890s. These courses are outdated in the context of a modern-day child. In Indian society, which is hierarchically divided along the fault lines of class, caste, religion and gender, no teacher can teach without being aware of the implications of this social reality,\" argues Anil Sadgopal of All India Forum for Right to Education.Many teachers, who have been in the profession for last 15 years, have not been able to adapt to the rapid behavioral pattern among children. In such a situation, refresher courses or other subject training programmes come to the rescue of teachers. Over the years, they have become more open towards such programmes and workshops.Such programmes may range from being subject-based to leadership or technical training. On the technical front, teachers are being trained to handle smart classes, language labs, hi-speed computers. Schools too are encouraging teachers to be in sync with times, and are organizing such sessions on monthly and quarterly basis.Seema Bhatnagar, principal of Delhi Public School underwent training on using iPads effectively. \"I agree that students are technologically much ahead than their teachers. These latest gizmos are very helpful in providing best of the best education to our students,\" she says.Neera Mathur, principal of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh School seconds Bhatnagar's sentiment. She says it is very important for teachers to remain abreast with the latest trends in education with a change in assessment pattern and technology becoming an integral part of it.\"These training programmes widen a teacher's vision by equipping her with advanced skills of teaching,\" adds Mathur.Another problem rising out of urbanization is nuclear families leading to mushrooming play schools in every locality. This creates a demand of qualifies teachers at pre-primary level which are very few at present. This situation is again creating disbalance as activities based curriculum is lacking by many such schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050672", "title": "Demand for student union elections goes unheeded", "text": "PATNA: Even as the volunteers of different student organizations, including the student wings of the ruling NDA, created noisy scenes and stalled the proceedings of Patna University Senate for at least two hours on Saturday, their demand for election to the university students' union remains unaddressed.In reply to a question asked by a senator, PU authorities said a letter regarding the conduct of union elections was written by the university to the chancellor on March 17, 2010, but no communication has been received from the chancellor's office as yet.Student organizations have become all the more active with CM Nitish Kumar backing the demand of having students' unions in universities at the Patna College Foundation Day celebrations recently. Elections to the students' unions in the state's varsities have not been held forthe last 28 years. The last election to Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) was held in 1984. The Bihar State Universities Act, 1976, and Patna University Act, 1976, provide for students' union at the university level for raising the causes and grievances of students.Former CM and ex-railway minister Lalu Prasad , former state minister and ex-BPCC chief Ram Jatan Sinha, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and former BPCC chief Anil Kumar Sharma have served as the president of PUSU. Nitish was actively associated with the erstwhile Bihar College of Engineering Students' Union and also with the JP-led movement. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi was general secretary of PUSU. In fact, PU has served as a launching pad for many politicians. Several student leaders of PU have successfully managed to enter the political world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049026", "title": "Opposition BJP wants its suspended MLA back in House", "text": "JAIPUR: The budget session, which commences from Monday at the Legislative Assembly, is expected to as stormy as the last monsoon session. The opposition BJP is all set to attack the Ashok Gehlot government on several issues including the Gopalgarh firing incident.The opposition turned active on Sunday and demanding that the suspension of its MLA Bhawani Singh Rajawat be revoked. Rajawat was suspended for a year from the house on August 29, 2011 following the controversial slipper hurling episode, which had rocked the House. Rajawat was found guilty of hurling a slipper in Congress MLA Raghu Sharma's directions.Leader of opposition in the Assembly Vasundhara Raje met chief minister Ashok Gehlot with a request to support the opposition's demand for revocation of Rajawat's suspension. \"We want the proceedings of the House be held in a cordial manner but the onus lies on the leader of the House. I met the CM today as he is the leader of the House with a request that Rajawat's suspension be revoked,'' Raje said, adding that \"We are looking forward to his co-operation.\"Prior to their meeting, Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma claimed that the revocation would be considered only if Rajawat apologies. \"I am speaking as the chief whip of the party and will move the proposal only if Rajawat apologises,'' Sharma said. On the other hand, Rajawat retaliated saying that he would apololgise only if Sharma apologies for his remarks to BJP MLA Pramila Kundara, which triggered the whole episode. However, he added, \"I will follow the leader of opposition's directive and apologise if she asks me to.''Earlier in the day, the BJP legislative party held a meeting at the Assembly to discuss its strategy for the budget session. Interacting with the media after the meeting, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said the opposition is keen for peaceful proceedings in the House. \"We want the session to continue as long as possible, which will give us time to raise many issues,'' he said.\"We will corner the government on several issue - be it misuse of CBI, Gopalgarh firing incident, compensation for farmers whose crops were destroyed due to severe cold and frost, corruption, power and other issues,\" Tiwari added.BJP MLA Hanuman Beniwal, on Sunday, was suspended from the party's legislative party. The decision was taken during the party legislators' meeting, held at the Assembly. Beniwal was suspended from the party on December 4, 2011, a day after he made controversial statements against the party's senior members, including former chief minister Vasundhara Raje, during a students' union programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049382", "title": "Corporator injured inc", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) corporator Manisha Dhananjay Ghate (37) and her husband sustained minor injuries after two unidentified men on a motorcycle snatched Ghate's gold chain and pushed the couple, who were travelling on another motorcycle. The couple's son, Dnyanesh, escaped unhurt in the incident which took place on Sinhagad road around 11.30 pm on Saturday.While the police looked for the suspects, one of Ghate's supporters found her gold chain lying near the spot of crime. The police have booked the two suspects under section 393 (attempt to commit robbery) of the Indian Penal Code.Speaking to TOI, Ghate said that following the civic elections, she had arranged a get-together at her ward on Saturday night. \"After the programme, my husband, Dhananjay, my five-year-old son and I were returning home to Vagdaon Budruk on a motorcycle.\"She said that as they neared Dattawadi, two men on a red motorcycle started riding very close to their two-wheeler. \"I thought they would collide with us and I shouted at them. Suddenly, the pillion rider of the motorcycle reached out and snatched my chain.\"When Ghate tried to hold on to her chain, the suspects pushed her and her husband. \"We fell on the road and the duo fled. My husband and I were injured, but Dnyanesh was safe. The duo rode towards Anandnagar at full speed,\" she said, adding: \"We immediately informed the police control room.\"Senior police inspector of the Dattawadi police station Vijaysinh Gaikwad and his team immediately rushed to the spot and started investigations.Ghate's brother-in-law Dheeraj Ghate told TOI that her supporters and other party workers also reached the spot. \"One of the supporters, Laxman Gaikwad, found my sister-in-law's gold chain lying on the road,\" he said.\"Though there was traffic on the road when the incident took place, the duo still managed to snatch my gold chain. It clearly shows that women are not safe in the city,\" Ghate said.Assistant police inspector of the Dattawadi police station B S Kale is investigating the case.Meanwhile, two incidents of chain snatching and one foiled attempt took place in the city on Saturday. The first incident happened around 4.30 pm in Aundh. The complainant, Pakkibai Chaudhari (57), of Land Mark society was returning home, when two suspects on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 1.30 lakh. Senior police inspector of the Khadki police station Bhimrao Tele is investigating further.Another incident took place at Ideal colony in Kothrud around 8.30 pm when 72-year-old Shailaja Agashe fell prey to two chain snatchers. The suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 95,000. Senior police inspector of Kothrud police station Chandrakant Ghodke is investigating further.The foiled attempt of chain snatching took place near Sarasbaug around 10.30 pm. An alert police constable attached to the traffic branch and a youth nabbed two suspects, who were later arrested. The police recovered the gold chain worth Rs 27,000 that they had snatched from 42-year-old Manini Kamble of Sahakarnagar police station. The suspects have been identified as Nitin Ahankari (19) of Dias plot and Rajesh Mane (22) of Laxminagar,Police inspector of the Swargate police station S N Kamble said that on Saturday night, Kamble was walking towards her home. When she came near Sarasbaug, Ahankari, who was following her, snatched her gold chain and started running away with his friend. \"Hearing her cries, police constable V K Kakade and the youth, Sagar Ghag, started chasing the suspects. Following a brief chase, they nabbed the duo and handed them over to the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050832", "title": "All India Students' Association resents attack on its members", "text": "PATNA: Members of the All India Students' Association (AISA) took out a procession and paraded the main thoroughfares of the city on Sunday in protest against the attack on them when they were holding a parallel Senate at Patna College on Saturday.They shouted slogans against the government and Patna University (PU) authorities and also burnt effigies of the authorities near Patna Junction. They were demanding action against the people who attacked the AISA members and also injured several of them. They also demanded immediate elections to the Patna University (PU) Students' Union. PU Democratic Teachers' Forum convener N K Chaudhary condemned the attack on peaceful students and demanded stern action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mant (mathura)", "code": "12049731", "title": "Jayant\u2019s fate lies in Jat hands", "text": "MANT (MATHURA): It is said Jayant Chaudhary, son of Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh,won the Mathura Lok Sabha seat for two reasons. One, he was seen as a national leader, and second, he was a first timer. The two factors fetched him lots of votes, say locals. This time, however, Chhote Chaudhary is not a new face, neither in the district nor in Mant from where he is contesting assembly election.So, minus the two factors, what led RLD to field him from Mant? The Jat dominance in the constituency, say experts. But unlike his Lok Sabha win, the road to victory from Mant may not be a cakewalk for Jayant as voters will assess his performance as an MP.The youth leader is pitched against the veteran five-time MLA Shyam Sundar Sharma who rides high on his \"hold over Mant\". Sharma is contesting on Trinamool Congress ticket, and many see him as a \"popular choice\" given his all-time connectivity with the voters.\"Whichever party he contests from, he wins,\" says Deen Dayal Upadhaya, a local trader. On the other hand, Jayant, locals complain, has never visited the constituency in last two and a half years. People recall once a farmer approached the MP when his buffalo-pulled cart was seized by the police. But junior Chaudhary denied help saying he won't be able to do anything in the matter.Shyam Sundar Sharma has won twice on Congress ticket and thrice as an Independent, though his victory margins have not been huge. \"His average victory margin is around 2,000 votes,\" says Upadhyay. However, locals still consider him as a strong contender. His father Pandit Lokmani Sharma was also an MLA and had close ties with the Congress. Politics, people say, runs in his family.But, is that the only factor that makes one win elections? \"Jayant's national stature is tough to beat,\" says Shivkumar Tiwari. Secondly, addition in Jat votes after delimitation and cutting down of Brahmin votes is another factor that favours Jayant. \"While, the Brahmin-dominated parts of Mant have gone to Chhata, areas with considerable number of Jats have been added to Mant after delimitation,\" says RR Sharma, a retired government officer.In Lok Sabha elction, Jayant had secured 90,646 votes in Mant against Sharma's 56,293 votes. Mant, like other constituencies of Mathura, is Jat-dominant. It has 2.78 lakh voters, of whom 75,000 are Jats. The constituency has about 55,000 Brahmins. Thakurs, Jatavs, Muslims and Baniyas are also present here.Some voters see Jayant as an outsider (he is based in Meerut). This might tilt the scales in Sharma's favour. \"So far, Sharma has the support from all castes,\" says Shyambeer Chaudhary, a local trader. But, increased number of Jat votes in the area has made it difficult to predict the winner, he adds.While the Samajwadi Party does not have any presence in Mant, the Bahujan Samaj Party is in the reckoning. \"It's a triangular fight among Sharma, Jayant and BSP's Thakur Rampal Singh,\" says Shyambeer. BSP has the support of Brahmins too. \"Whatever be the farmers' problems, it's not a poll issue. Votes here have always been polled on caste lines,\" asserts Deen Dayal Upadhyay, a local trader.Chhata too is locked in an interesting contest. BSP has fielded state agriculture minister Chaudhary Laxmi Narayan.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049193", "title": "Court raps police over Iranian's visa application", "text": "MUMBAI: Police must not hold grudge against those who move court for enforcement of their rights, said the Bombay High Court while hearing a petition filed by an Iranian.Mohammad Naeimi was brought up in Pune and passed his Bachelor of Engineering exams in 2007 from Pune University. His petition said he has a resident visa which has been extended from time to time. When he went to get it converted to business visa, he was ordered by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Special Branch and Foreigners Registration Office, Pune to leave the country by December 3, 2011. He moved HC, which on November 28, 2011 directed the authorities to decide on his applicationWhen he went for a hearing, DCP R S Marathe was angry on him because Naeimi had moved HC and threatened that he would not him grant visa extension and would put him behind bars. Only after he moved HC for further directions, an order was passed on 26th January 2012 asking him to leave India. Naeimi then challenged this order.On February 23, 2012 before a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode , public prosecutor Pandurang Pol denied receiving Naeimi's application and also that there was a spat between Naeimi and Marathe.The judges upheld Naeimi's counsel Vishwas Chitnis 's argument that in spite of court's directions, no hearing was given to Naeimi and an order was subsequently passed to leave the country. The said order therefore is patently illegal and contrary to directions given by this court,'' they said, quashing it.The judges have directed that Naimi be given a hearing and his application decided afresh on merits and in accordance with law. Further, that if any adverse order is passed, it shall not be implemented for two weeks.The judges said they do not wish to make an issue about non-compliance of their order but expect that in future whenever directions are given, the concerned officer should not take it as a personal affront and should not hold any grudge against the petitioner or any citizen merely because he has approached this court for the enforcement of his constitutional and statutory rights,'' they noted. We expect that all the (police) officers act and comply with the spirit of law and not the letter of law,'' they concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12054326", "title": "Norway NRI custody row: India rushes special envoy to Oslo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Special envoy Madhusudhan Ganapathi has been rushed to Norway to convey India's concerns in connection with the NRI children's custody row and will meet the Norwegian foreign Mminister today.Ganapathi, secretary (West), Ministry of External Affairs, has been tasked to once again take up the matter and convey the government's views on the issue to the Norwegian authorities, official sources said.Ganapathi is scheduled to meet Norwegian foreign minister Jonas Gahr Store to convey India's concerns over the matter involving one-year-old Aishwarya and three-year-old Abhigyan who were taken away by the child welfare officials in Norway in May last year and placed in foster care.The kids' parents, NRI couple Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya, were accused of negligence by the Norwegian child welfare officials.India has been exerting pressure on Norway to find an amicable solution to the problem.India had said that it would make \"all out\" efforts to ensure early return of the two Indian children from Norway following attempts by authorities of that country to keep them in foster care after expiry of their visa next month.\"We will make all out efforts to achieve the goal of getting back the children to India where they belong,\" external affairs minister S M Krishna had said recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12050649", "title": "Soon, a street restaurant near Kozhikode beach", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Until recently life after dark in city would typically involve going to night cafes of star hotels. But all that is set to change if A Pradeep Kumar, MLA of Kozhikode North, succeeds in his plan to start a street restaurant near Kozhikode beach.For this a street near the beach would be converted into a makeshift restaurant complex during night hours with the support of the state government under the proposed project.The restaurant will function from 7 pm to 2 am and will serve local delicacies.\"Kozhikode is a city that always loved nightlife. Gazals and music nights have always been inspiring the families here to stay out late night and enjoy the traditional cuisines of Kozhikode,\" said the MLA.As per the proposal, the absence of a restaurant that operates during night hours is a major problem faced by those who are interested to spend night hours outside their homes.Though a couple of star hotels in the city have recently opened night cafes, these refreshment facilities are not affordable to the middle-class.The move will help families enjoy varieties of refreshment at low cost, said the MLA. \"A decade ago, many of the shops and restaurants in Kozhikode used to remain open till 2pm and we could see families enjoying the serenity of Kozhikode beach till midnight,\" he recalled.Following the assurance from minister for tourism A P Anil Kumar , the MLA has entrusted an architect to prepare a detailed project report with a sketch of the night street restaurant.The sketch will be prepared in such a way that more than one individual or group will be able to operate at the street restaurant providing opportunity to taste varieties of food.Special light arrangements and music systems will also be fixed at the selected street to provide a pleasant ambiance to the visitors. Washing area and proper drainage system will also be ensured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049272", "title": "Death comes crashing down on 4 kids at Chhatarpur Extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five months after the Chandni Mahal collapse killed eight people, four children died after a portion of a wall being constructed on the top floor of a four-storey, under-construction building collapsed and fell on them from a height of around 50ft in the unauthorized Chhatarpur extension area in south Delhi on Sunday afternoon.The victims, identified as Gaurav (12), Divya (9), Monu (10) and Nitin (8), lived with their families in a cluster of rooms located right next to the building, which were also owned by Baldev Singh, the police said. The incident took place at D 27 around 11.30am when the children assembled in front of their rooms to play while the labourers were busy with the construction work on the terrace. Suddenly a portion of the wall crumbled and fell on the children.Witnesses and family members of the victims said that all of a sudden, they heard a loud noise as if something had collapsed and rushed out to see what had happened. \"We saw a large pile of bricks and some children trapped under them. All of us began to throw away the bricks to rescue them. Without waiting for any assistance, we took them hospital. Although Gaurav showed no sign of life, the others were alive. But doctors declared them brought dead at Safdarjung Hospital,\" said Amar Singh, a neighbour.The collapse prompted blame games, with the authorities passing the buck on to each other. On January 6, the Municipal Corporation of Delhi reportedly wrote to police, asking them to stop the illegal construction work. However, the construction went on in full swing for the past two months, residents claimed.By the evening, the police arrested builder Sandeep Singh and contractor Saleem but Baldev is absconding. The cops suspect that he has fled from the city.The police received a call from a resident about around 12.15pm, just after the fire department has been informed. \"We have registered a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and negligent conduct with respect to pulling down or repairing buildings under Sections 304 and 288 of IPC,\" said a senior police officer.The incident led to a huge chaos in the area as fire tenders and police vehicles began to arrive. The panic was such that even labourers fled from the area, leaving their tiffin boxes behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049112", "title": "Six cops, SDM hurt after communal tension", "text": "JAIPUR: At least six policemen and a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) were injured after communal tension over a petty issue in Udaipur's Maoli area on Sunday. Police said that following a dispute between a shopkeeper and two youths from another community, some miscreants tried to give it communal colour. Police resorted to lathicharge twice and rounded up around 25 people.Senior police officers including SP and the district magistrate camped in the area throughout the day and claimed that the situation was under control by evening.According to SP, Udaipur Alok Vashishtha, a function to hounour talent from a community was going on in a school in Maoli, some 40 kilometres from Udaipur.\"Two youths attending the function went to a mobile shop for something. A minor dispute took place between them and the shopkeeper. The youths roughed up the shopkeeper and went back to the school. Soon some people supporting the shopkeeper gathered and tried to make it look like a communal dispute,\" said Vashishtha.He added that by the time people had gathered, those involved in the dispute had been detained by the police. The police tried to spread the word that the youths had been rounded up.\"The function had also finished, so people started throwing stones at the police. At least six policemen and SDM Lal Singh sustained minor injuries. The police resorted to lathicharge to disperse the crowd,\" said the officer.He added that two different FIRs have been registered with Maoli police station. \"We have rounded up 25 persons so far. Heavy police force has been deployed in the area and prohibitory orders have been issued,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050144", "title": "Class six student heads to Mumbai for India Spells 2012", "text": "CHENNAI: Anagha Sethuraman, a class 6 student of Maharishi Vidya Mandir in Chetpet, won the city finale of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks. The event was held at the St Bede's Anglo Indian School in Santhome on Sunday.Anagha, who was leading from the word go, was calm and composed throughout the event. \"The competition was tough but I had a nice time,\" said Anagha who finished with a total score of 47.Malvika Sawhney, a student of Bala Vidya Mandir in Adyar, placed second and Sharat Kumar Nair from Lalaji Memorial Omega International School in Kolapakkam won third place in the competition.Earlier in the day, 690 students from 61 schools in the city took part in the preliminary written round. Students could also take an online test to enter the event. After the first round, 10 students were chosen to compete at the final event.Anagha will now compete with winners from 29 other cities in the national final, which will be held in Mumbai, and she says she is prepared to face the competition. \"Before any event, my mother quizzes me and I make sure I look up the words I don't know,\" said Anagha. \"I also spend a lot of time playing word games and answering spelling quizzes online. All this helps me prepare for such competitions and be quick at answering questions,\" she said.It was a proud moment for Anagha's parents, who were present to cheer her on. \"Anagha has always been good with words and she has been participating in spelling competitions since she was in class 1. She has also won a few state and national level spelling competitions,\" said Sujatha Sethuraman, Anagha's mother. \"She is a voracious reader and has been reading books since she was very young. This habit of hers has helped her pick up words and excel in such competitions,\" she added.The winner of the national final will represent India in Washington DC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050987", "title": "Hamari Apni Virasat programme today", "text": "BHOPAL: As a part of year-long celebration of 150 years of its foundation, the Bhopal chapter of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), will hold a programme Hamari Apni Virasat in Bhopal on Monday.The ASI has lined up a host of other activities during the year so as to create awareness among the public.Talking to TOI, N Taher, superintending archaeologist, ASI, said, \"The programme will be held at the Kamlapati Palace, which is a monument located on a bund between Upper Lake (Bada Talab) and Lower Lake (Chhota Talab) in the state capital. The palace was constructed during the Gond period between 17th and 18th century AD and is now conserved by the ASI with minimum intervention. It will act as an interpretation centre and art gallery.\"The ASI will also promote and inaugurate the art gallery which would be open for all.An exhibition will be held at all the 12 ASI offices within the state in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12055905", "title": "Infosys not to get SEZ status, confirms Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today said that her government would not grant any SEZ status to IT major Infosys as sought by it in line with the Trinamool Congress stand on the issue.\"As a principled stand, we'll not give SEZ status to Infosys. But we'll extend all benefits to the company as available in the IT sector\", Banerjee said in an interview to a private TV channel.\"We want Infosys to come to the state, we have full sympathy for them. But we'll not be able to give SEZ as we are opposed to it alongwith with our resistance to FDI in retail, forcible acquisition of land and privatisation of banking and insurance sector. We have a principled stand on all these issues\", she said.Banerjee said that people of the state were aware of the government's stand. The company was recently allotted 50 acres of land at Rajarhat area near the metropolis for setting up their first facility in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050475", "title": "NGO to promote vegetable cultivation on terraces", "text": "KOCHI: If the plans of city- based NGO - Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG) become a reality, then Kochi will turn self-sufficient in vegetable production soon. BKRG grows pesticide-free vegetables on terraces of houses.The project is being carried out with the support of residents' associations, the Kerala Hoticulture Mission (KHM) and Vegetable and Fruits Promotion Council of Kerala (VFPCK).In the initial phase, 2 lakh vegetable saplings will be provided to 10,000 houses. The Centre has sanctioned Rs 12 crore for KHM and a portion of these funds will be utilized for vegetable cultivation in Kochi.\"A pilot project worth Rs 4 crore was carried out in Thiruvananthapuram. Following this we approached the mission who agreed to grant Rs 2 crore for Kochi project,\" said BKRG, president, S Gopakumar. The saplings in UV treated bags will be supplied through residents' associations. Each house will get 20 bags with saplings. Though this costs Rs 1,600, BKRG will provide these at a subsidised rate of Rs 800.\"As the vegetables need direct sunlight, the bags will have to be placed on the terrace and we will not allow people to keep it anywhere else,\" he added.While the mission funds the project, VFPCK will give the seedlings. He also said that special care was given to ensure that the soil was mixed with bio-fertilizers.The Ernakulam District Residents' Association Apex Council (EDRAAC) will educate homemakers in managing roof top vegetable gardens without the use of harmful pesticides. According to Gopakumar, though it is practically impossible to utilize the entire amount sanctioned, they will carry forward the project to the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050148", "title": "BHU students show their creative skills", "text": "VARANASI: The BHU students displayed their creative skills in various events held on the second day of 5-day inter-faculty youth festival 'Spandan 2012' on Sunday.Students showed their talents during 'on-the-spot photography and painting' events held at Foyer Indoor Stadium. Many students made interesting and useful things in collage competition.The second day of the annual cultural extravaganza also witnessed staging of short plays, where students representing different faculties showed their skills in acting. The themes of the plays were burning issues like corruption and depleting morality.Under musical events, competitions in light vocal solo, group song (Indian) and creative dance were also held in the day. Debates in Hindi, English and Sanskrit were held under literary events. Noted santoor player and Padmashree awardee Bhajan Sopori and BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh inaugurated the youth festival on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054055", "title": "Vijay as encounter specialist", "text": "The initial reports were that Vijay is playing a cop in Thuppaki. Now, it is believed thatthe actor will appear as an encounter specialist.If reports are to be believed, Vijay is playing an encounter specialist in Thuppaki. Ever since director AR Murugadoss had announced the title of his film with Vijay, there have been enough speculations. The initial reports were that Vijay is playing a cop in Thuppaki. Now, it is rumored that he will appear as a dashing encounter specialist.Ilayathalapathy's fans are excited about this news as they want to see their idol as a tough cop, something on the lines of Suriya in Kakka Kakka. The first schedule of Thuppaki was shot in Mumbai and the team is now waiting for the FEFSI strike to end to begin the second schedule.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "12051522", "title": "Calvim locals demand judicial probe", "text": "ALDONA: Residents of Calvim and Aldona on Sunday demanded that the government initiate a probe under a retired judge into the Calvim bus tragedy by February 29. They've threatened to boycott the March 3 polls if this is not done. The government had ordered a magisterial inquiry immediately after the incident on February 18.Stating that they were fed up with the different versions of the accident making it to the press everyday, over 200 residents of Calvim, Aldona and Mayem, present at the memorial service in honour of the dead, were firm they would not cast their votes if the judicial inquiry wasn't initiated by the given date.\"We want to know the exact cause of the incident. We want the government to order the judicial probe or we will take further action by boycotting the elections,\" said Aldona-resident Savio Figueiredo. Six people, including four children, drowned to death when the bus they were travelling in slipped into the Mapusa river at the Aldona-Calvim ferry point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056913", "title": "Pop diva Smitha goes spiritual", "text": "After a hiatus of almost two years, popular playback singer Smitha famous for her Hindi pop number \"Mahi Ve\", is back with a spiritual album.The singer who was the first Indian Pop artist to release an album in three languages simultaneously with a prestigious label like Song BMG, has now come up with an album \"Ishana - The Path of The Divine\" featuring ancient Sanskrit shlokas and chants for Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev's Isha Foundation. When asked why she had shifted to spiritual music, the singer says, \"I had always wanted to do something with a purpose and direction and that's how this album was born. I had done a course at Isha Foundation that has changed my way of thinking. I wanted to give back in some way and that's why I have done this non-commercial album. The proceeds of this album will go to the foundation.\"Talking about the album, Smitha says, \"No new songs have been composed for this album. I have picked up ancient Sanskrit hymns like the Rajarajashri Ashtakam, chants from Rudram, Lingashtakam and Devi Stotram. It's all been done very differently.The album has 6 audio songs and 2 videos that have been shot at the scenic Isha ashram in Coimbatore. Music for the album is by Nihal and videos have been directed by famous cinematographer Sameer Reddy and India's top photographer Tarun Khiwal. The clothes and styling for the video are by Hyderabad designer Shravan Kumar The album is all set for a formal launch in Hyderabad on February 29 at 7.30 pm at the N Convention Center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12049023", "title": "7,000 litres of liquor seized ahead of poll", "text": "NOIDA: As the political campaigning for the sixth phase of the assembly elections drew to a close on Sunday, the district administration of Gautam Budh Nagar said it has filed 24 FIRs in relation to violation of model code of conduct, apart from seizing and handing over Rs 300 crore of unaccounted cash to the income tax department.The administration has also seized 7,000l of illicit liquor from various places in the district.\"Offices, industries and commercial establishments would function as usual and nothing would be out of bounds to the public,\" said DM Hridesh Kumar, addressing a press conference in Noida on Sunday.\"The polling process would come to an end in all polling stations of the district at 5pm on February 28,\" added Kumar.To ensure that the polls are conducted smoothly in the three assembly segments, and law and order is maintained, the district administration has made arrangements for placing CCTV cameras in several areas in the district.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049782", "title": "Instructions issued on internal assessment", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has decided to continue allotting grades as well as marks to students appearing in class X and XII public exams that begin on March 7. The board is however ensuring that internal assessment marks are submitted accurately and no discrepancies creep in like last year.The board has issued a circular to schools this week clarifying the allotment of internal assessment marks. \"As you are aware that the board is following the internal assessment scheme this year too for SSC and HSSC, the school has to send the internal assessment marks out of 20 for non-practical subjects and out of 15 and 5 in theory and practical components respectively, in subjects with practicals,\" states the circular.Pertaining to the rounding off of marks while finalizing the internal assessment marks, the board circular says, \"to do away with the query, it is brought to your notice that a fraction below 0.5 is rounded off to the nearest lower integer and a fraction 0.5 and above to the next higher integer\".The board has further warned schools, \"it is reiterated to all school heads to submit internal assessment marks scrupulously after cross-checking and any discrepancy in this regard would rest with heads of the institution.\"The Goa board has also issued another circular to schools this week stating, \"the internal assessment inspection panel will visit your institution during the last week of February 2012 or first week of March to monitor the internal assessment scheme. The head of institution should maintain records of internal assessment meticulously.\"The circular asks schools to keep \"question papers, answerbooks, records of marks of regular and supplement test/examination/s, justification for supplementary test/examination/s\" ready and available for scrutiny by the inspection panel that will visit the school.The board has also asked schools to bring the circular to the notice of all concerned and even acknowledge its receipt by return through post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044181", "title": "80 cameras to shoot 1 Rajini", "text": "Rajnikanth can play the violin with a piano. Rajinikanth can divide by zero. Rajnikanth can count to infinity (he's done it twice). Rajinikanth can act.The last from this list of four, is not a famed Rajini joke, but in fact, something the makers of his next historical production, Kochadaiyaan, directed by daughter Soundarya R Ashwin, have had to assure the media about.That Thalaivar (leader), as he's fondly called by fanatic followers, will be acting, and performing his own stunts, is a vital piece of information to ease nerves twitching at the thought of 3D animation, which this Tamil film employs, overpowering Rajini's prowess. Nothing overpowers Rajini. Not even MOCAP.The story of 8th century Pandya king, Kochadaiyaan Ranadhiran, is the first Indian film to use Motion Capture technology (MOCAP). The technique combines human actors with computer-generated animation, the way it was done to create the blue, 10-foot-tall creatures at the heart of James Cameron's Avatar. Actions of actors are recorded, and the information used to animate digital character models in 3D. When the process includes face and fingers, or captures subtle expressions, it's referred to as performance capture. The most recent film to rely on MOCAP was Steven Spielberg's The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn.Kochadaiyaan co-producer Dr Murli Manohar, says, Rajinikanth, dressed in a body suit, will perform while 80 cameras capture his every move. \"The idea is to enhance his performance, and construct visuals for a period piece that can't be created otherwise.\"It's far from that easy, though. USbased firm, Giant Studios began experimenting with the technique in 1999 with Lord of the Rings. CEO Candice Alger says they use hundreds of thousands of lines of code to define the human skeleton of actors with scientifically accurate detail: bone length, density, connectivity, and rotation properties. All these parameters are modified to mirror the appropriate skeletal set-up for any mechanism that needs to be animated. Filming takes place on a spare motion-capture stage called 'the volume'. Actors dress in skin-tight bodysuits with reflective markers. Every movement is tracked by an army of fixed cameras, while a specialised headrig camera records the actor's face and eyes. \"When the actors perform on stage, by using a software, it's possible to translate their performance onto the digital characters that they are playing in real time. When Spielberg was making Tintin.., the performers would act on stage and he could look into his moni tor and see the characters in the digital environment. This helped him direct the film as if everything was happening as part of live action,\" she says.It's the technology Giant relied on to create digital doubles of soldiers storming the beaches in Flags of Our Fathers and the appearance of humans moving through snow and water in The Day After Tomorrow.\"When Soundarya said she wanted to direct this film, I decided to support her desire to immortalise her father,\" says Dr Manohar. A team of Indian technicians has been trained by MOCAP experts from Hollywood , and the digital labour for Kochadaiyaan is ex pected to roll out in London. Three studios - Infinity, Im age Matrix, and VTR - are working in tandem to create a world of retro fantasy. The shooting will begin next month at Pinewood Studios, south west of London , where all James Bond movies are shot. \"We are attempting an audio-visual spectacle. Of course, it's going to be expensive but I will have a better idea of technology costs once we wrap up,\" Dr Manohar adds. India's growing appetite for action and fantasy-centric films means investments in animation are unlikely to de rail.Sony Pictures released Tintin.. in India six weeks before the US, and the film grossed Rs 21 crore in the first 17 days, making it the highest grossing animation film in India. The country is a market not just for audiences but technicians too, with foreign producers outsourcing VFX to Indian studios. Accel Animation Studios in Thiruvananthapuram is the only one in the country to offer MO CAP services. \"We used MOCAP in bits in Enthiran. A more complex use may be attempted in Kochadaiyaan,\" says NR Panicker, chairman, Accel, who is awaiting the arrival of Paris-based director Fred Fougea, who intends to use Accel's facility for his next animated project, Why I Did Not Eat My Father. An interesting debate surrounding MOCAP is one that questions whether it's acting or animation. Avatar bagged nine nominations but not a single one for its actors. Alger says, \"We don't believe it takes away from acting. In Tintin.., Steven wanted the characters to be human and believable. That's what happened.\" Trashing the contest, Spielberg said in an interview, it's a technique that creates an intimacy which only actors and directors who've worked in live theatre, have experienced.Back home, the question, \"Is Rajini really acting?\" is one that we'd rather not dare to ask.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051103", "title": "They\u2019ve got the drive to win", "text": "Practising daredevil wrestling moves on a trampoline, Arjun and Kush Maini know they can afford to cut loose for just a bit. After a hectic 2011 in which they competed in 20 gokarting events over 20 weekends, 14 outside India, the two Bangalorebased racers, 14 and 11, know that fun will take a backseat this year as they pursue a passion that has made them potential aces.In their plush home on Rest House Road, dad Gautam Maini reflects on how his kids got drawn into racing. \"I got Arjun his first electric cart when he was a year old, so he practically started walking and driving at the same time,\" Gautam said. Arjun soon got his own electric all-terrain vehicle and when Kush was born, he too would sit behind him. \"I was a racer back then and the kids would travel with me to Sriperumbudur and watch me in action. I started very late. The atmosphere created the base, although we didn't know whether the talent was there,\" said Gautam.Gautam went on: \"My first race was a Formula Maruti event in 1992 at Sriperumbudur, with another debutant in Narain Karthikeyan. I raced up to 2006 in the Formula Rolon. I gave up racing that year because I wanted to spend time with my kids. Arjun, who was eight, was about to start racing so the bigger focus for me was to play a part in training him. Karting is a different ball game but my racing background helped. We worked closely with Akbar Ebrahim in training sessions and relied on outside information to help the boys become more professional. We also worked with Red Rooster Racing and Leelakrishnan for two years to help develop Arjun's skills,\" he said.\"I remember my dad taught me a lot of basic things,\" said Arjun. Kush was just following in his brother's footsteps and went through the same routine. He said, \"Watching my father and brother, I felt racing was fun and I wanted to do it. My first race was at seven and my father had to take special permission from the authorities for me to participate as I was too young.\"In 2008, the family had a big realization that they cannot progress by racing only in India. \"I had taken Arjun to race in Malaysia and he won two races that year, the first by an Indian in the Micro Max category,\" said Gautam. \"That really got us excited because the competition in the Asian region is higher. The tracks are much more challenging and there is more variety. That exposure started working well for both Arjun and Kush. Their race craft and race skills had improved.\"Arjun's most famous achievement came in October last year when he was chosen as the winner of the Sahara Force India One from a Billion Hunt, a regional search for the best karters that ended at Silverstone. \"You should never think you are the best. If you do, then you can never make it,\" said Arjun.On the road for several weekends in a year is tough. \"It's hard because you miss school, have low attendance and the pressure to catch up. Apart from this, you have to go race, work out and get fit too,\" said Gautam. \"This is all part of becoming a Formula One driver so I need to work hard and be dedicated,\" he said. Kush added: \"My teachers and friends are very supportive . Sometimes, when I return to school I have missed out on a lot of work so they teach me things again.\"He is the male-equivalent of a soccer mom, a motor sports-dad so to speak, and Gautam said he enjoys their every victory. \"There's never a dull moment. Going forward I may not be able to do this as things get more professional. It's always worth it and it will be in future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12051273", "title": "City girl is best cadet of NCC national camp", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Cadet Kamini Chawla, a student of Khalsa College for Women, Civil Lines, showed her mettle and made her college proud by winning a gold for her overall performance at a special camp organized by National Cadet Corps.Kamini was the only candidate selected from Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Himachal Pradesh for the 12-day national integration camp in Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands from February 7-18.She was declared the best cadet of the camp. She also won two silver medals, one for anchoring and another in solo-singing category.Kamini said she owes her success to Lt Col Subhash Sehgal, commanding officer, 3 Pb Bn, NCC and to Varinder Kaur Thind, principal of her college, who has been a motivating force for her.\"Our principal encouraged me to be a part of such events and only because of her inspirational guidance have I brought laurels to the college,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053511", "title": "What's brewing between Neil and Sonal?", "text": "Neil Nitin Mukesh has been lately bonding with model-turnedactress Sonal Chauhan . She was among a handful of girls present at his house party last Sunday.Later, he put up pictures of them together on his social networking page. Says a guest from the party, \"Neil hosted a small bash for close friends after returning from a long shooting spell in Kenya. Only people he'd known for years were present. Sonal was the odd one out. Everyone was surprised to see her there, as Neil is very choosy about the girls he invites home. Says an insider, \"Neil and Sonal first met at an event years ago but lost touch. They met at a recent award function and re-connected. In the last few weeks they've been inseparable, often meeting for latenight coffee dates and dinners.\" The insider continues, \"At the party they were glued to each other. In fact, Sonal was one of the last guests to leave.\"Close friends of the couple have been told to be tight-lipped about their growing friendship. Meanwhile Sonal has been putting up pictures of them together on her BlackBerry Messenger and has been confiding her feelings for him to her gal pals.Last week, Neil posted on a social networking website, \"I am a one-woman man! Problem is as of now there is one special woman in my life.\" Meanwhile, Sonal posted, \"So what is that one song that makes you wanna fall in love? Since you all reminded me, heard Haan Tu Hai after a long time. In love all over again. Thank you all.\"Will this budding relationship stand the test of time and flower into something stronger, only time will tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12055607", "title": "Pass law for appointments to EC, constitutional posts: Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader L K Advani today said in view of the recent controversy over designating P J Thomas as Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC), a law should be passed to de-politicise appointments to constitutional posts like Election Commission, CAG and UPSC, among others.\"I feel it would be appropriate to decide now that a law be enacted to de-politicise appointments to key constitutional and statutory bodies,\" Advani said on his blog.He expressed his concern over the \"misuse\" of authority by the UPA government, be it in the case of Thomas' appointment as the CVC despite a dissent from Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj or the \"polemical\" comments made by law minister Salman Kurshid which forced the Election Commission to write to President Pratibha Patil.\"I would specifically commend inclusion of the Election Commission, the Comptroller and Auditor General, the UPSC and the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB) in this list. All that needs to be done is to include the Leaders of Opposition (let these be of both Houses) in the selection committees that perform these functions till now,\" Advani said.The former Deputy Prime Minister pointed out that after Kurshid was indicted by the EC, the government made a \"tentative move\" to curtail the powers of the Election Commission in matters relating to any breach of the model code of conduct but better sense prevailed and he expressed regret.\"The latest in this sequence of first-time occurrences has been another central minister's threat to the UP electorate: Either you elect the Congress to power in the state, or be prepared to see President's Rule inflicted on UP!\" Advani said, referring to the remarks of Union minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12055902", "title": "I am not supposed to please everyone: Veena Malik", "text": "Pakistani actress Veena Malik, who has been in the news for all the wrong reasons, says she is not bothered about what people think of her as she is not here to please everyone.\"Pakistan is my country and there are so many people out there who follow me. There are young boys and girls who look up to me, follow me, love me. But yes, it is not necessary that every single person should love me and I am not supposed to please everybody,\" the controversial actress said at her birthday celebration in Mumbai.Veena was recently in the news for her supposedly nude photo-shoot and then for her sudden disappearance from a film set. Her dare bare act didn't go down well with her countrymen, but she is unperturbed.\"Every country, including our country, has different kinds of people. There are people like me, but that does not mean that entire Pakistan is like Veena Malik. There are people like us who follow us, but definitely we do not represent the entire country,\" said Veena who turned item girl with \"Channo\" in \"Gali Gali Chor Hai\".She got bolder for another item number \"Fann ban gayi\" in \" Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya \".Veena, who is gearing up for her full-fledged role in a Hindi movie, is currently shooting for \" Mumbai 125 KM\", \"Zindagi 50-50\" and \" Dal Mein Kuch Kala Hai\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050098", "title": "2 arrested for assault, loot bid", "text": "VARANASI: The Badagaon police on Sunday nabbed two miscreants who had attacked a pick-up driver to loot his vehicle near Chilbila on February 24 night. SP (rural) Harish Kumar said that Santosh Kumar Sonekar loaded onions on his pick-up van from Pahadia Mandi to deliver it at Suriyava in Bhadohi district. In the meantime, Vijay Kumar alias Khiladi and Sarvesh alias Bambam of Rasoolpur Chhavani under Badagaon police station limits also loaded onions in their pick-up vans and moved behind the vehicle of Santosh.After unloading the onion in Suriyava, Vijay joined Santosh in his vehicle and the duo enjoyed liquor at Medhi village. Sarvesh and Vijay attacked Santosh with a knife. Santosh suffered serious injuries on hand in the attack, but he managed to escape and inform cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12049360", "title": "Patiala girl joins Victoria police in Australia", "text": "PATIALA: Her long-cherished dream to become a police officer has come true. Twenty-year-old Roopam Sodhi from Patiala has got selected in Victoria police of Melbourne (Australia). After eight months of strenous training, Roopam completed the course and graduation ceremony was held in Victorian Police Academy, Melbourne on Saturday.Her father Harinderjit Singh Sodhi, a manager with Punjab and Sindh Bank posted at Patiala, along with his wife Gunjeet Kaur attended the ceremony.\"She passed police exam eight months back and finally became a police officer on Saturday after completing her graduation from Victoria Police Academy. My parents went to Melbourne last week to attend the ceremony, but I could not due to my exams,\" said Abjit Singh Sodhi, brother of Roopam, while interacting with this scribe at their house near Government College for Girls (GCG) of Patiala.Relatives of Roopam said she went to Melbourne in 2005 after completing her graduation from the local GCG college.She has done her masters in management from Melbourne University and then started teaching. She taught management students for more than two years before she became a permanent resident of Australia in 2009.\"Roopam is very hard-working. She was a topper in school and college. Though she started working as temporary employee after landing in Melbourne, I was always confident that she would do us proud one day,\" said Pushpinder Singh Bhandari, her uncle.Her family has plans to organize a grand function to celebrate the success of their daughter. \"We will throw a huge party when Roopam comes to Patiala,\" said Bhandari. Roopam married Kulbir, a businessman, in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050890", "title": "Nabard officials on warpath against management", "text": "INDORE: Selected members of All India Nabard Officers' Association (NBOA), who are agitating for the past six months against the management, have decided to go on mass casual leave on February 28. Nearly 150 out of total 2,700 officials from across 30 branches of the state will take part in the day-long agitation programme.NBOA is protesting against the direct recruitment of officers at the Grade B and higher levels from the market.\"Nearly 50% of fresh recruits at the level of assistant managers in the state have joined the organisation after clearing the three-stage tests. We feel that the management's move will jeopardize the career prospects of hundreds of junior management level officers including more than 400 directly recruited officers,\" an NBOA office bearer told ToI requesting anonymity.NBOA is piqued by the recent moves of the management to have a complete volte-face on the assurances given to the representative body during the discussions held on March 31, he added.NBOA is demanding a transparent, thorough and detailed discussion on all aspects of repositioning and restructuring exercise currently underway in the organisation. The present exercise of repositioning and restructuring is based on suggestions and recommendations of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG).NBOA has been apprehensive since the very beginning that the BCG recommendations, if implemented without proper discussion, shall lead to dilution of DFI (Development Finance Institute) character of NABARD which would be detrimental to the interests of the rural poor and farmer community.NBOA has also demanded the immediate appointment of Managing Director, the post of which has been lying vacant for the last 10 months. MD, as per the Nabard Act , 1982 is supposed to be the CEO of the bank and responsible for its day-to-day functioning.The officers' body has also slammed the management's decision to stop all promotion related activities to fill the vacant posts in grade B, C and executive directors. Keeping these posts vacant were in gross violation of the provisions of Nabard Staff Rules, 1982.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12051120", "title": "Only 10% of pet dog owners in city register with civic body: Officials", "text": "NASHIK: Only about 10% of pet dogs in the city are registered with the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), according to the corporation's officials.The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) drive to register pet dogs has received very lukewarm response from families that own pet dogs. From April 2011, the NMC has been appealing to people to register their pet dogs with it and acquire a license that declares that they are rearing pet dogs.However, it has been nearly 11 months since the announcement, and till date only 330 people have come forward to get their pets registered, whereas the NMC's health department believes that there are a minimum 3,000 people who have pet dogs.Veterinary officer of the civic body, Dr PM Sonawane, said, \"Before initiating the programme, the department had released sufficient advertisements in city-based newspapers. However, the response is along expected lines. Pet rearers rush to the NMC's office when there is any complaint against their pet, but they are not forthcoming in acquiring a license for rearing pets.\"The registration fee for a pet dog is Rs 100, of which Rs 50 is the registration charge, Rs 25 is for a badge and the remaining Rs 25 for the permission. While people spend roughly Rs 1,000 every year on administering anti-rabies vaccine to their pets and also spend a huge amount on their pet's daily nutrition, they are not taking registration seriously, despite the fact that if a complaint is lodged against their pet/pets because of some serious incident, the owners can face legal action for rearing it illegally.\"If the dog is registered and the license is renewed regularly, which costs only Rs 50, in any eventuality with regard to the pet, the concerned owner can always take the help of the license,\" said Dr Sonawane.In cities like Chandigarh and Jaipur, the respective municipal corporations fine people who are found taking their pets out for defecation. That is not the condition in the city at least. Nonetheless, the health department has prepared a set of rules for pet rearers, which has been sent to the urban development ministry for approval. \"Once the set of rules is approved, we will be in a position to take action against people who do not have a licence to rear their dogs,\"said Dr Pramod Sonawane.Meanwhile, many residents are approaching the situation the other way round. According to many, the issue is that why is registration required when dog owners take care of their pets in the best possible way. They also say that the NMC collects tax in different forms, but the state of the city is still pathetic.Nashik Road resident Santosh Gavare said that if the health department is collecting Rs 100 as registration free, then it should be used to reduce the menace of stray dogs in different localities, as very often it is the stray dogs in the interiors of the city that are responsible for petty accidents.However, Dr Sonawane says that there should not be a hue and cry over the issue as the registration fee is very small. He said people should also take into account that the NMC is serious about the stray dog menace. The sterilization of stray dogs is underway from the past five years and will continue even in future. While some things are not in the civic body's hands, things that are possible can be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12050244", "title": "Lok Satta to contest in two constituencies", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Lok Satta Party has decided to contest the byelections in two constituencies. The party has decided to field candidates in Kovur and Mahbubnagar seats.Party president Jayap rakash Narayan announced in a press conference that Narsiah will contest from Kovur assembly seat and the name of the candidate for Mahbubnagar segment will be announced soon. He was here to participate in Rythu Satyagraha yata.He defended his party's decision to contest the by-polls stating that there was nothing wrong in that since the two seats fell vacant due to other reasons and not because of resignations of the sitting MLAs for Telangana cause.Telangana protagonists raised slogans against Lok Satta party chief while he was participating in a road show in Bodhan. They wanted him to clarify his party's stand on Telangana issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12057094", "title": "Microsoft India backtracks, hack may have exposed credit card info", "text": "NEW DELHI: Microsoft India has done an about turn. The company has reportedly revealed that credit card details belonging to its customers in the country may have got leaked in the recent hacking of Microsoft India Store.At the time the hacking incident was reported, Microsoft India had sent emails to its users assuring them that \"databases storing credit card details and payment information were not affected during this compromise.\" However, it now seems this was not so.Wall Street Journal columnist Amit Agarwal writes in his blog that a new update from Microsoft to its customers in India says, \"Further detailed investigation and review of data provided by the website operator revealed that financial information may have been exposed for some Microsoft Store India customers.\"Earlier this month, Microsoft India's retail website was hacked by a purportedly Chinese group called Evil Shadow Team. The hackers obscured the full usernames and passwords in the screen shots posted on a blog run by Evil Shadow Team member 7z1 (ps.s.blog.163.com). Writing in Mandarin, 7z1 describes himself as a \"patriotic hacker.\".Incidentally, the store is still down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049883", "title": "Shobha yatra taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A shobha yatra of 'Khatu Shyam Prabhu' was taken out on Sunday. It passed through different localities. Many devotees were chanting religious hymns.The yatra started from Marwari Dharamshala and passed through Hewett Road, Johnstonganj crossing, Clock Tower, Zero Road and back to the Marwari Dharamshala. The women wearing colourful attire were holding flags and banners. They were singing bhajans. People from different walks of life joined the shobha yatra. The devotees then assembled at the Allahabad railway station to board trains to go to Seekar in Rajasthan. There is a temple of Khatu Shyam Prabhu in Rajasthan, where devotees from all over the country congregate and offer prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new professor colony", "code": "12051482", "title": "She's a beauty fighting the beast of foeticide", "text": "NEW PROFESSOR COLONY: Jasmine Singh is not just a pretty girl who can only think about how she looks and what she wears. The 22-year-old, who won the PTC Punjabi modelling contest in 2011, is concerned about society and the condition of fellow human beings.Her itinerary is fairly full too as she travels within the city and outside to create awareness among people against female foeticide, an issue that is closest to her heart. Jasmine said she was an active debater on critical issues like crime against women, terrorism and other national problems since her days at Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar.\"After that when I joined BTech (biotechnology) in Mumbai, my vision widened more on these issues. When I returned home and contested the beauty pageant, during the semi-final round I had to face a question on the bitter reality of my state which has a very critical sex ratio, just a little higher than 800 females for 1,000 males. Though I answered the question really well it was not just for the sake of winning the contest. I meant the words. Female foeticide needs to be checked at all costs,'' she said.Listing out names of Indian women who have given the country a reason to puff with pride, Jasmine said Rani Jhansi, Kalpana Chawla , Pratibha Patil , Amrita Shergill and Amrita Preetam (both from Punjab) can never be forgotten.\"Since I met so many people from different walks of life after winning the competition, I thought I had the chance to put across a word against the evil. People definitely give importance to your words when you achieve something in life,'' she added. Besides talking individually to people she meets, Jasmine also addressed the issue with school children and at a conference in Kapurthala.Her parents Iqbal Kaur, professor of Punjabi in a private college and Jatinder Pal Singh, a government servant, are her role models.Talking about her future plans, Jasmine said she wants to continue working on her \"mission.'' \"I also wish to cash in on my association with Punjab Cultural Promotion Council to put across the message through their programmes too,'' she added.Davinder Singh Chhina, head of the International Folk Ensemble (Punjab Cultural promotion Council-PCPC), appreciated Jasmine's efforts. \"After winning the contest she has been doing excellent work. We are helping her in her noble mission of creating awareness against female foeticide,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049593", "title": "Sheila tears into BJP at meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: To counter the BJP's Vijay Sankalp rally, chief minister Sheila Dikshit held a public meeting on Sunday in the Gandhi Nagar area of east Delhi.The meeting attended by all top leaders of the state congress, including MP Sandeep Dikshit, saw the Congress heavyweights hailing their work and assailing BJP for its mismanagement of the corporation.Sandeep lashed out at the BJP for not having completed even 1% of the 41 multi-level parking projects promised by it on coming to power. \"The BJP ruled MCD for five years but failed to deliver results,\" Sandeep alleged.Congress leaders did not miss any opportunity for taking credit for the trifurcation of MCD and women's reservation in the upcoming MCD polls.\"Earlier, people from east Delhi had no option but to go to the main office even for trifle issues but now there will be a commissioner for this area who can hear out your grievances and resolve them,\" the chief minister said.Citing figures to substantiate her claims, she said Delhi at present has an area of 1484 sq km with a population of nearly 16.7 million, which is being managed by the MCD commissioner.\"Presently only one commissioner manages Delhi, which is difficult. But with trifurcation of the municipal corporation there will be a commissioner each in south, east and north, which will make the functioning smooth,\" she added. The meet, organized by Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee, was attended by transport minister Harun Yusuf, education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely and health and family welfare minister Kiran Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chharra (aligarh)", "code": "12048758", "title": "UP polls: In Aligarh battle, subgroups of communities call the shots", "text": "CHHARRA (Aligarh): Sharad Yadav, president of Janta Dal (United), is irritated. The entire crowd that gathered to see his chopper land on the makeshift helipad is paying little attention to Yadav talk of the multi-crore 'cellphone frequency' scandal of UPA and is distracted by a silent but long procession snaking by the gathering.\"Are you people listening to me or watching the drama there?\" he hollers in irritation. They are rebuked, but murmurs run through the motley crowd furiously, focused on the disciplined queue of hundreds walking past the gathering. It's a procession for the rebel independent candidate Ghulam Muinnudin alias Arif.Little known to Yadav, Arif has substantially blunted the chances of all Muslim and Yadav candidates across parties by getting all the Mewati Muslims to stand behind him. He is angry that in a constituency that has thousands of Mewati Muslims, no one gave him the ticket and a Pathan Muslim instead got one. He has declared that he is in the fray to lose and to make others go down with him. So that he gets noticed the next time around. Out of the 40,000-odd Muslims in the constituency, around 25,000-28,000 are from the Mewati sub-group.The hundreds that are walking a 4 km parade in Chharra on Sunday are evidence that he has scored his point.Arif has also shown yet again that politics in UP is not just about the large caste planks but the development divide over decades that has left thin wedges of sub-groups within the big sets of Muslims and Hindus all clamouring for more political power to claim their legitimate right to development. If the Dhobis and Nishads want their space under the SC umbrella, the Mewati Muslim too wants to claim his or her bit. The Pal no longer wants to be called a Baghel.The only one who could reap some benefit from the vote-bank within vote-bank game that Arif has played is BSP candidate Mool Chand Baghel - a scheduled caste who shall also get the assured vote of Mayawati's own caste brethren, the Jatavs. Together they make up for 45,000 votes in Chharra.Chharra shows how the election in UP is a gambit not just of caste but also the sub-castes and sects and sub-sections of Muslims. Elsewhere in UP, Mayawati, some suggest, could lose space owing to such finer divides.Mayawati has three advantages playing this game in western UP. She has the Jatavs so firmly in her kitty that she can get them to vote for a candidate from any other community. There are only a few Yadavs in this belt. But third, as importantly, her acumen at choosing the candidate that can collate the right caste combinations seems impeccable.Whatever Mayawati regains in the sixth round of voting, she will owe to these factors most and then, a little to the lingering horror of Mulayam's crime-infested five years at the helm for the more moneyed and landed class. Whatever she loses in Aligarh, she will owe to the fact that Muslims are slipping back into the SP fold in steady numbers, not harried by the Yadav dominance.In Aligarh, the only two seats she is sure to lose are Iglas and Khair - the stronghold of Jats and therefore sure-shot winners for the Congress-Rashtriya Lok Dal combine. The city seat could spin to BJP with the Hindu votes accumulating against the strong Muslim candidate.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049718", "title": "FIR against man, two others for kidnapping girl on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "GURGAON: The Civil Lines police have lodged an FIR against a man and his two friends for allegedly kidnapping a college girl on February 14. The main accused allegedly made false promises to the BA first year student about marriage and kidnapped her with the help of his friends on Valentine's Day.According to the police, the 21-year-old student is pursuing a distance education programme at a government college in Gurgaon. According to her brother, she went missing from her house on February 14.He then filed a missing person complaint with the police the next day. On Saturday, the victim's brother filed another complaint with the police in which he alleged that his sister was kidnapped by one Mukhtar, a resident of Hassanpur village of Uttar Pardesh, and two others.On the basis of his complaint, the Civil Lines police have now lodged an FIR of kidnapping against Mukhtar and two others and are investigating the case.On the other hand, police sources said that the main accused got married with the student and has filed an anticipatory bail plea in the court.A senior police officer said that police teams are on the job and the accused will be arrested soon.Cops said that they also raided several places in the city but have not been able to trace the accused and the girl so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049604", "title": "\u2018SP and BSP honoured our word, but not Congress\u2019", "text": "They say that they constitute 80% of the total Muslim population in the country. Yet, Sunni Barelvi Muslims feel their representation in political equations in less than half their numbers. In a conversation with Swati Mathur , general secretary, All India Jamat Raza-e- Mustafa, Maulana Shahbuddin Razvi , explains why it is difficult for Sunni Barelvi Muslims to decide which party to support.Q. Elections in UP are underway. Who are you throwing your weight behind?A. There appears to be an understanding that the Samajwadi Party (SP) is committed to the cause of Sunni Barelvi Muslims. In some seats, even the BSP has assured us it will work for us. In the past, Congress leaders made a routine of visiting the Ala Hazrat Dargah in Bareilly to pay obeisance and to ask us for support. We always said we would help. All we wanted was a party that can work for our community. We will support anyone who is committed to this cause.Q. Who all have met you?A. SP's state president Akhilesh Yadav and Badaun MP Dharmendra Yadav have met us. In the past, we have had Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, Digvijay Singh, P L Punia and Praveen Singh Aaron and Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi visiting us. Digvijay Singh told us that Congress party wants the Barelvi leadership to be brought into the mainstream. Nothing came of the promise, though. People like Digvijay and Beni Prasad Verma will lead to the downfall of Congress party.Q. What are your demands?A. The organisational strength of Sunni Barelvi Muslims at the grassroots is excellent. We, however, are lacking in funds. We don't have grants coming in from foreign countries.Q. Is any other party helping you?A. Both SP and BSP leaders have been in touch with us. When their leaders met us, we recommended the names of some Barelvi Muslims who could be given tickets. Both the SP and BSP have done that. We recommended five names to Congress as well. Not a single ticket, however, was given to the people of our choice.Q. But the Congress has announced 4.5% quota within quota for Muslims. Is that not helpful?A. That's their attempt to fool us. Within the 4.5% quota, the Muslim share will only be marginal. We are already getting some reservation under the backward castes category. By creating this quota within quota, Muslims are now eating into someone else's share.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049159", "title": "Delays can cost babus dear", "text": "BANGALORE: Tired of running from pillar to post to get a learner's licence or pursuing police to complete verification of credentials for your passport? Don't fret. There is some hope now.Come April 2, government servants in Karnataka will be bound by a time schedule to deliver services to citizens, or pay a hefty fine.Karnataka is set to implement the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011, which will ensure that services like the police, RTO, government hospitals, public utilities and other government departments react promptly to citizens' demands for their services.The Act specifies the number of days in which services must be provided and imposes a heavy fine on defaulters. For example, a police station must complete verification of the credentials of an applicant for an arms licence or a passport within seven days, or pay a fine ranging from Rs 20 to Rs 500 for each day of delay, depending on the loss it causes the complainant.A government hospital will have to issue a postmortem report in three days, and caste, income and domicile certificates have to be issued within seven working days in case of urban areas, and 30 working days in rural areas. The PU Board will have to respond to requests for a revaluation within 10 days from the date of application. A new driving licence has to be issued within 30 days; an old one must be converted into a smart card within seven days.If there is a delay, the first appeal should take a maximum of seven days for disposal. The second appeal, too, has to be disposed of in seven days. A State Public Service Delivery Commission is to be established, which will be the final appellate authority. The fine for any delay in providing a service will be deducted from the designated officer or the first appeal officer and his subordinate staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054638", "title": "Nimisha to join Jayasurya", "text": "Actress Nimisha, whose moment of fame came with the song Ninnodenikkulla pranayam in Dr Love, is on a roll ever since, her latest being the popular Kesu song from Padmasri Bharat Dr Saroj Kumar.The actress, who has been on and off in popular Mollywood flicks, will next be seen in the Jayasurya-starrer Pigman. Here, she teams up with the actor for the first time. \"I play Jayasurya's college mate in the film. He is such a fun chap to be with! Every second with him is entertaining,\" she states.She goes on to narrate the fun times the crew had with him during the shoot of the film's title track in the interiors of a jungle. \"We were shooting in Thodupuzha and all of us were excited about getting to interact with the tribals and getting to know their rituals and traditions. Jayasurya simply revved up the air,\" says Nimisha, who will next be seen in the Indrajith-Meghna Raj-Ananya starrer Mullamottum Mundiricharum and director Sugeeth's Ordinary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12051361", "title": "Navjivan to reprint book on Bapu\u2019s 1922 trial", "text": "AHMEDABAD: History is being reprinted at the Navjivan Press. A book titled 'The Great Trial' promises to take us back by 90 years to that day when Mahatma Gandhi was accused of sedition by the British government . Gandhi was convicted and sentenced to six years of imprisonment.'The Great Trial' is a recount of the case which was heard in a court in Ahmedabad, leading to the Mahatma Gandhi's first imprisonment in India in 1922.Though, this historic judgement about sedition charges on Gandhiji has now become part of the curriculum for all students of law, the book that chronicled the trial is a rare commodity. In 1965, the first edition of the book was published. It has gone out of print since then. Today, the copy is a rare and muchprized possession among the legal fraternity.This matter was taken up by the Navjivan Press authorities . On investigation, officials of the company found out that the book's rights are with the Gujarat high court. Managing trustee of Navjivan Press, Vivek Desai, approached the HC and was granted permission by the court officials to reprint the book. The HC, however, retained copyright for the book. After a gap of is 47 years, the second edition of the book is now poised for reprint. Desai told TOI: \"The book is so popular that I saw law students getting it photocopied for study. Within a month, the second edition will be ready for law students and all lovers of history.\"Sedition charges on Gandhi was the British government's answer to his revolutionary articles in 'Navjivan' and 'Young India' . Gandhi wrote in the 'Young India' edition of February 23, 1922: \"The British empire, which is based upon organized exploitation of the physically weaker race of the earth and upon the continuous exhibition of brute force cannot live... we want to overthrow the government .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12051036", "title": "Not all\u2019s hunky-dory on posh Sarjapur road", "text": "BANGALORE: Sarjapur Road, synonymous with Bangalore's IT prowess and home to elite highrise apartments and swanky malls, could be a classic example of how deceptive looks can be. For, the area scores a perfect zero when it comes to basic amenities like water and sanitation. There is neither a single garden, nor a playground , not even a government hospital in the area, residents say.The sleepy neighbourhood of Sarjapur Road has been one of the most sought after residential areas, especially among migrant population and techies working in the IT hubs of Sarjapur, Marathalli and Whitefield. But the area is virtually on a ventilator when it comes to something as basic as water. With Cauvery water not available and ground water table plummeting , the apartments have to depend on tankers from other parts of the city. \"We came to live here about two years ago. For the first six months, we used to get borewell water, but for the past oneand-a-half years we are getting water from tanks. Borewells in the area have dried up and tank water is not hygienic,\" said Nisha R C, a homemaker and resident of a posh residential colony.Garbage is another headache. The BBMP has not taken any steps to clear garbage from the apartments on a day-to-day basis. Says Deepa S, a resident: \"Sometimes entire stretch of roads look like garbage dumps. Not cleared regularly, they become a health hazard during monsoons. There is one area officer who helps us get regular garbage collectors. However , segregation of dry and wet garbage is a distant dream.\" Ramesh Sivaram, founder member of the local residents' welfare association, Forward 150, said: \"The area lacks water supply. We have to depend on the water tanker mafia. Borewells are dry and defunct. Our society was the first among a few to install rain water harvesting system, which takes care of some of our water needs. Also, there are no sewerage connections in almost the entire area. Only those who are having sewage treatment plants are breathing healthy air, but even they are harassed by Karnataka State Pollution Control Board.\"COST OF DEVELOPMENTRamesh Sivaram, a businessman and resident of Sarjapur Outer Ring Road (ORR), recalls that just two years ago it took him only 10 minutes to reach his office in Koramangala from his residence by a BMTC bus. Now, Ramesh starts from home around 9am and reaches office only by 10.15am, thanks to the never-ending construction work on ORR.VAGARIES OF CHANGEBangalore is changing. And the consequences are most evident in the area around Sarjapur Road. \"Our business has gone down by almost 50% because of the new malls. For 20 years now I have been opening my store at 6.30am and closing it at 10pm, but now customers hardly come to buy groceries and vegetables from here. I have some loyal customers but the migrant population only prefer malls,\" said Shashi V, owner of Grand Bazar General Store.NO PRIVATE UTOPIA THISSarjapur Road just doesn't seem to exist for the authorities. Residents never complain. In the face of erratic public transport, they rely on private vehicles. Recreation is restricted to gardens, clubhouses and malls. There are two corporate hospitals and wellequipped nursing homes. But not all can afford them. \"We need at least one government hospital in the vicinity. Our maids need affordable healthcare,\" said Mahesh Sharma, a senior citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12049426", "title": "Class-IX student killed, buried by classmates in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A class 9 student was reportedly strangulated to death by four classmates, who later buried his body in the fields in Titoli village of the district on Tuesday. Police have detained four minor youths, all students, on Sunday.The victim, identified as Abhimanyu Singh, a student in the government high school in the village, had gone missing from his house on February 21. Police had detained one of his classmates, Pradeep Kumar, on suspicion.During interrogation, he reportedly disclosed that he had purchased a mobile for Rs 1,000 from Abhimanyu. However, a dispute arose between them about the money after which he called Abhimanyu to fields to settle the dispute.Police said Pradeep had also named three other students - Aashish, Vikas and Amit - who were his accomplices in the crime. Police took the accused to the fields and exhumed the body. Police were in the process of arresting the accused students after registering a case against them, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049565", "title": "Water closure in parts of city on Monday", "text": "PUNE: Water supply will remain closed in the city's western parts on Monday due to repair works. Affected areas are Rambaug Colony, Sutardara, Kothrud, LIC Colony, Shivthirthnagar, Vanaz, Paud Road, Gujarat Colony, Azadwadi, Karve Road, Model Colony, Wadarwadi, Shivajinagar, Janwadi, Gokhalenagar, Senapati Bapat Road, Anand-Yashoda Society, Chattushrungi, Sakalnagar, Baner, Aundh, Bhosalenagar, Bopodi, Aundh Road, Khadki, etc.The supply in these areas will resume late and with low pressure on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12049895", "title": "'Jail Kamat if he's guilty of illegal mining'", "text": "MARGAO: Slamming the state's Congress government for its involvement in illegal mining, national and state leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (TC) demanded that all those caught in the mining scam should be imprisoned.While addressing the public at a TC election meeting in Margao on Sunday, Sultan Ahmed , union minister of state for tourism said that just as ministers in the Karnataka government were imprisioned, the Goa state leaders including the chief minister Digambar Kamat should be imprisoned if found guilty.TC candidate for Margao, Savio Coutinho, hit out at Kamat for failing to develop Margao despite being the chief minister and accused him of having given false promises to locals. Coutinho further alleged that people opposing him had started threatening his supporters and had even wanred his supporters not to attend his meetings.Ahmed further criticized the Congress government and said that other state governments in the country that were ruled by the Congress party were also corrupt and that the people in Goa should reject the party in the upcoming assembly elections.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049956", "title": "Allahabad University misses deadline for UGC grading", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of Allahabad University have set the ball rolling for the intake of fresh students for various courses being run by different institutions but it would be yet another year when the university would start the admission process without any grading by National assessment and accreditation council (NAAC).NAAC is an autonomous entity under the University Gants Commission which rates universities on various parameters like infrastructure, teacher taught ratio (TTR), amenities for students etc and gives a specific rating to the institution concerned. The ranking given as grade is for a period of five years. In terms of Allahabad University, it was B++ grade in December 2003 and it expired in December 2008. The university should have got itself inspected before expiry of the time limit given by NAAC, but the authorities failed to do so within stipulated time. The NAAC team, which visited AU in 2003, had also inspected other constituent colleges and given suitable grades. Colleges like Arya Kanya, Hamidia Girls and Rajashri Tandon Degree College got B+ grade. Ewing Christian College (ECC) and SS Khanna Degree College were given B++ while Jagat Taran managed a B+.The university authorities constituted a four-member committee, chaired by the dean, arts, Prof NR Farooqui, which was entrust the responsibility of preparing a report to be sent to NAAC with a formal request to inspect and give grading. The other members of the committee were Avinash Chandra Pandey, head, department of atmospheric and ocean sciences, JN Bhargava and HC Mukerjee.Most of the departments finished the work and submitted the reports. As many as 10 departments failed to submit the report. As a result, the university administration, which was determined to send the report to NAAC by February 10, 2011, failed to keep its own schedule.These departments have still not provided details of achievements, researches and future plans that the university has to submit to NAAC while applying for reaccreditation. \"Getting the NAAC grading does help the institution get better stuff as the present day youth are quite aware and when they surf the net in finding the best institution for themselves, NAAC grading is one thing that gives the institution an edge over others,\" said a faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050414", "title": "Dilapidated structures to be razed", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the building collapse incident in Monda Market claiming four lives, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to serve fresh notices on owners of all dilapidated structures in the city. Though Saturday's incident happened as contractor had not taken any measures while demolishing the old building, civic officials say it is high time to take up a special drive against dilapidated structures.GHMC officials said they would demolish all dilapidated structures before the monsoon sets in by giving a month's time to the owners to dismantle their old buildings. As many as 350 such old buildings, which are in a dilapidated condition, were identified after a resurvey by the town planning wing a month ago. Of them, 100 buildings are in the Old City alone. A few years ago, the town planning wing had identified 780 buildings and had served final notices on the owners of 566 buildings. Nearly 344 buildings were dismantled in the last few years and about 50 were not dismantled due to court cases.\"The corporation will first try to convince the building owners to vacate the dilapidated structures and give them time. If they do not agree, then we will take up demolitions,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Planning) K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI. The corporation talks about the issue whenever such incidents get reported. The civic body has been adopting a casual approach towards demolition of dilapidated buildings as owners exert pressure on officials not to force them out of their dwellings.Officials said six major building collapse incidents were reported in the last couple of years and 10 people died in these incidents. After three people died in a building collapse at Poosala Basthi in the Old City and another old building in Kachiguda in 2010, the corporation had taken up a special drive to raze all dilapidated buildings, but only seven such structures were demolished. The other reason GHMC is going slow on the dilapidated buildings is financial burden on it. The town planning wing has to engage workers for demolition. Meanwhile, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said permission for construction of new buildings would not be given to owners if they demolish old structures without permission as per rules.He said as per the provisions of GHMC Act section 433, every building owner who desires to demolish their building for any reason should take to notice of GHMC and obtain prior permission with assurance of providing necessary precautionary and also safety measures before demolition of the structure.Monda death toll climbs to 4The death toll in the Monda Market building collapse incident rose to four after an injured person, Nagnath, succumbed while undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital on Sunday. Meanwhile, police have arrested two persons. Nagnath, 45, a street vendor of Parsigutta, succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment on Sunday. Another street vendor, Mallesh Yadav, who had also suffered injuries in the accident and undergoing treatment, is said to be stable. Meanwhile, police arrested Ajay Kataria, one of the building owners, and contractor Giribabu under section 304-A (Causing death due to rash negligent act) of the IPC . A man-hunt has been launched to nab three other owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12054102", "title": "SC directs Centre to implement interlinking of rivers project", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today directed the Centre to implement the ambitious interlinking of rivers project in a time-bound manner and appointed a high-powered committee for its planning and implementation.Observing that the project has already been delayed resulting in an increase in its cost, a three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia said the Centre and the concerned state governments should participate for its \"effective\" implementation \"in a time bound manner\".The bench, also comprising justices Swatanter Kumar and A K Patnaik, appointed a high-powered committee comprising of representatives of various government departments, ministries, experts and social activists to chart out and execute the project.The committee will be comprising of Union Minister of Water Resources, its secretary, Secretary of Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) and four expert members appointed by Water Resources Ministry, Finance Ministry, Planning Commission and MoEF.Representatives from state governments, two social activists and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar, who has been assisting the court in the case, will also be members of the committee.\"We direct the Union of India to forthwith constitute a committee for interlinking of rivers,\" the bench said, adding \"we direct the committee to implement the project\".\"The committee shall plan for implementation of the project,\" the bench said, adding the delay has already resulted in an increase in the cost of the project.The river interlinking project was the brainchild of the NDA government and in October, 2002, the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had formed a task force to get the project going against the backdrop of the acute drought that year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050164", "title": "Art fair witnesses good turnout", "text": "VARANASI: The sixth Varanasi art fair organised by the Ram Chhatpar Trust for Arts witnessed a good turnout of visitors and artists on its concluding day on Sunday at Samne Ghat. The 3-day art fair was held to commemorate the 96th birth anniversary of contemporary Indian sculptor Shankho Chaudhuri.Around 35 artists and art lovers displayed their creations at the fair. Professor Madan Lal, department of sculpture, faculty of visual arts, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), and founder of the Trust, said fair displayed art works like paintings, sculptures, terracota, potteryceramics, drawings as well as creative art crafts of local residents, BHU students and students of fine arts from other colleges and universities of the city. As many as 13 makeshift stalls were set up for art books, water colour paintings, drawings and sketches, oil paintings, portraits, graphics, idols and toys prepared from stone, bronze, wood, fibre, plaster and terracota.Many standalone art forms like a fibre model of an art missile cutting off the roof and directed towards the sky prepared by the artists, a wooden bicycle, a replica of footsteps, a dried water tap prepared from wood were also put on a display.1,700 take NCC examVARANASI: As many as 1,700 cadets appeared in the C certificate examination conducted by the group A of National Cadet Corps (NCC), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), on Sunday. According to NCC official colonel Ravi, the examination was conducted in two sessions.The first session dealt with theory papers while the second session included arm drills, handling weapons, map reading and physical training", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050185", "title": "Doctor to sell photos to help needy", "text": "CHENNAI: When Dr P Srinivasan, managing director of Jeevan Blood and Stem Cell Bank, first shot a photograph of his brother on a park bench, he never imagined that he would one day become an award-winning amateur shutterbug whose hobby could help people in need.For the past four years, he has taken breaks from his hectic schedule at least twice a year to venture deep into forests in India and Africa and shoot pictures of wild animals, birds and landscapes. The pictures have won him several prizes from the Photographic Society of Madras - and he hopes it will now help him fulfil his dream to provide stem cells for therapy free to needy patients.Dr Srinivasan hopes to raise at least Rs 10 lakh by selling his pictures in a week-long exhibition at Lalit Kala Academy that will start on April 30. The photographs of various wild animals including lions, tigers, hyenas, elephants, leopards and birds printed on archival paper will be sold from Rs 15,000 onwards. He also plans to release a coffee table book by the end of May.Although Dr Srinivasan taught himself photography, he did not make it his profession, but completed his studies in medicine instead. Between 1985 and 2007, he put his camera aside. But during a trip with friends to Nallapally, on the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh border, he renewed his interest in photography. Since then he has made regular visits to forests with his camera.\"Taking nature pictures is my passion. I hope this will help me raise funds for sick and needy patients. Many patients in India with blood diseases like cancer and thalassemia die because they can't afford treatment. My public stem cell bank will attempt to help hundreds of such patients,\" said Dr Srinivasan.In February 2009, Dr Srinivasan, who headed a successful blood bank, started a public stem cell bank that collected cord blood as donations from maternity hospitals. Women, who can't afford to preserve cord blood in a private bank donated cord blood to Jeevan Blood and Stem Cell Bank. Stem cells, capable of developing into different kinds of cells and tissues, are used to cure some life-threatening blood diseases.The bank spends nearly Rs 30,000 to collect and process each unit of cord blood. The cost of harvesting cord blood is Rs 8,500 and tissue typing costs Rs 7,000. Stem cells have a shelf life of 24 years if they are stored at -196o Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12051261", "title": "Once safe, schools fall prey to violence", "text": "MUMBAI: Schools have always had an aura of safety about them. They were the \"second homes\" where children could spend hours every day without parents having to worry. That, unfortunately, may no longer be true. Recent cases of ragging as well as physical and sexual abuse in schools, combined with strong murmurs of drug peddling around campuses, have shaken parent's belief in schools' secureness.In June 2010, a 32-year-old teacher in a Kalamboli school, Firoze Ibrahim, was arrested after he forced a sevenyear-old female student into an empty room during lunch break and raped her. The incident came to light in the afternoon when the girl told her parents, who informed the police. A few days later, a group of parents protested outside the school for keeping them in the dark about the incident.\"Most schools do not exactly know how to deal with a child sexual abuse case. Many counsellors too feel illequipped to work with such issues since their Master's programme does not address trauma work,\" said social psychologist Chandni Parekh, who conducts workshops on sexual abuse and sexuality education in schools. \"Several schools are unaware of the NGOs that work on the issue of child sexual abuse in the city or of the psychologists in Mumbai who have started an intensive study circle to specialize in trauma healing.\"Parekh said that many times female students have reported instances of abuse to her. \"At the end of a session, about five girls from class VIII came to me and said their music teacher had been touching some of them inappropriately. They suspected the touching could be more frequent with younger girls and done under the pretext of straightening their uniforms. I discussed the issue with the head of the school who found it hard to believe. The management confronted the music teacher and, because he offered to quit, felt he might be innocent,\" Parekh said.Ajit Pandey, father of a 13-year-old girl studying in a suburban school, said: \"There are times when I see strangers eyeing my daughter and I worry that even though she can take care of herself, in and around the school she is alone. Who knows what will happen to her? We also hear of cases of sexual abuse by school teachers. We don't know whom to trust anymore.\"Police officers suggested that schools should employ enough female security personnel apart from male guards. \"They should make rounds of desolate corridors and keep a lookout near the school entrance to prevent female s t u d e n t s getting harassed or accosted by strangers,\" an officer said.Another danger lurking found outside school premises is drugs. In October 2010, TOI had reported on a circular sent by a Malad school, in which it cautioned students not to accept candies from strangers. The candy, called 'Strawberry Quick', had methamphetamine (also known as meth) in it.\"Though we have not received any complaints of drug-peddling near schools as yet, our officers conduct regular lectures for students, where slide shows and documentaries on the dangers of drug abuse are shown. We also try to explain to kids how the drug trade affects the nation,\" said senior inspector Girish Koyande of the police's anti-narcotics cell (ANC).Cops said several kids, who do not study the entire year, are under the false impression that using drugs during exam time will boost concentration. \"We have actually found collegians who did this. We did not book them though because it would have affected their careers,\" an official said. To spread the dragnet wide, ANC officers have been approaching school managements and students for information on drug sale and peddlers.Another issue troubling many parents is ragging. Once confined to colleges, the scourge is becoming commonplace in schools too. After a class IX student of a reputed south Mumbai school was hospitalized due to a prank gone wrong in September 2011, the ICSE Board began working towards setting up anti-ragging squads in schools and inviting police officers to give lectures to students. Soon after the student had taken a sip of water from his bottle, he complained of severe pain in his throat. During an endoscopy, the doctors found a softboard pin lodged in the boy's intestine. The pin had been dropped in the water bottle by a classmate.Expertspeak:Most children who get involved in crime are emotionally disturbed and have no outlet to vent their frustrations: parents are busy, friends might be ignoring them. Instead of restricting media exposure, parents should put in place a monitoring system at home. Usually these days, parents are working, and with no family member around it is easier for children to get exposed to disturbing facts and ideas - Seema Hingorrany | PSYCHIATRIST", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12057080", "title": "Lisa Haydon in love with 'Never Let Me Go'", "text": "Sultry siren Lisa Haydon who was in Chennai recently for a promotional event, confessed how crazy she was about movies.When we asked her to tell us about a few films that tugged at her heartstrings, she didn't even have to think twice before saying, 'Never Let Me Go'.The film directed by Mark Romanek , based on the critically acclaimed novel by Kazuo Ishiguro, chronicles the lives of three youngsters in a dystopian version of England and traces their journey towards a finality in a heartbreaking manner.Lisa says, \"I was completely devastated watching that film. The vulnerability and innocence of those children just ripped me apart. I was in tears by the end of it.\"In fact, Lisa even recommends it to her friends and fans as a must watch tearjerker cum romantic sci-fi movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12051343", "title": "Industrialists switch to pedals", "text": "LUDHIANA: In car crazy Ludhiana, cycles seem to be fast becoming the in thing, at least going by the number of cycles sold or booked at the three-day Bike Expo-2012. What's suddenly got people interested in the simple pedals is the need to stay fit. Particularly busy industrialists, who have little time to spare for exercise, picked up bikes of their choice at the expo hoping that they will be able to pedal to work.Sunil Chopra, 34, owner of a hosiery business and resident of Rishi Nagar, bought a racing cycle and a foldable cycle too. \"I own two cars, but since my job is such that I don't have any physical activity I have been growing obese. That's when the thought of buying a bicycle struck me,\" he said.At visitor at the bike expo, Sunil Chopra, 34, owner of a hosiery business and resident of Rishi Nagar, said, \"I plan to cycle to my office in Bahadur K Road at least once a week. Riding a bicycle helps one lose weight and prevents from many diseases related to obesity ,\" adding that it is also his effort to help check rising pollution in his city.Sunil said the government should make it mandatory for everyone having vehicles to keep them off roads for one day a week and ride a cycle to work.Another buyer, 35-year-old Deepak Sabharwal, a yarn business owner of Industrial Area said, \"I have a Maruti Swift and a Tata Indigo which have so far ensured that I don't burn much calories. I know that health is important and I cannot continue like this because I may contract diseases caused by lack of activity. So I bought a bicycle for myself. It will help my wife Manisha also as she had high uric acid some time ago. We both can make good use of the cycle for keeping ourselves healthy.''He added that since a bicycle is a zero-pollution vehicle that does not give out anything bad into the environment he is even more convinced about pedalling.Sulekh Kaushik, a senior sales manager with a leading bicycle brand, said, \"We have sold a lot of bicycles to people who own cars. Everyone wishes to be fit and bicycle is good for fitness and mobility both.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12048723", "title": "Why such mismatch between public statements and responsibility?", "text": "Elections energize a common man to push a small button on a voting machine with a prayer that his vote goes to a responsible person who as the people's representative in the assembly or Parliament will safeguard his interests and better his conditions.Since poll speeches are not on signed stamp paper, politicians often attempt to promise the moon to the electorate. In the process, many stray outside the Model Code of Conduct zealously enforced by the Election Commission to keep the polls an even contest between ruling party candidates and other hopefuls.Prior to appointment of T N Seshan as chief election commissioner on December 12, 1990, the model code of conduct was violated by candidates with impunity. Seshan cracked the constitutional whip and succeeded in cajoling strict adherence to the model code of conduct by political parties and candidates.Elections are meant to send responsible persons as people's representatives. But often, elections stir the political and social atmosphere to the extent of making even the most sober among the politicians give statements in clear breach of the model code of conduct.First, it was law minister Salman Khurshid who made a poll promise of carving out quota for Muslims in jobs. Within a week of him being chastised by the EC, fellow Congressman Beni Prasad Verma repeated the mistake and dared EC to take action. Why did Khurshid, who knows law better than most, commit such a folly? And despite his clear indictment, why would his colleague follow suit?If these two incidents were not enough, another minister Sriprakash Jaiswal goofed up by declaring that if a Congress government was formed in Uttar Pradesh after the elections, there would be President's rule.Threat to impose central rule in a state in the midst of a multi-phase election process is a serious breach of model code of conduct capable of influencing people to cast votes in a particular way.Whatever be the motive behind these statements, a particular dumbness appears to infect politicians during elections when they refuse to learn from mistakes. They forget that democracy flourishes only in a democratic atmosphere and under democratic conditions.The same cannot be true of Press Council of India chairperson Justice Markandey Katju, a retired judge of the Supreme Court. It was least expected of Justice Katju, who has tremendous knowledge of law and apex court judgments, to threaten a state government with dismissal.Looking into certain incidents of violence against journalists in Maharashtra and the state government persistently ignoring PCI's notices, Justice Katju recently issued a showcause notice accompanied with a threat that if this time the state failed to respond, he would recommend to President to \"dismiss the state government\" under Article 356(1) of the Constitution.The Congress-NCP government must be laughing as Justice Katju's threat is more hilarious than legal. Those who have read the apex court's landmark judgments on Article 356 in S R Bommai case, Kihoto Holohon case, State of Rajasthan case and the latest one in Rameshwar Prasad case would be scratching their heads in bewilderment. For, the Constitution vests the governor of the state concerned and none else with the power to recommend dismissal of a state government.The streak of irresponsibility found in persons holding high offices had made the Supreme Court to say, \"It is incumbent on each occupant of every high office to be constantly aware of the power in the high office he holds that is meant to be exercised in public interest and only for public good, and that it is not meant to be used for any personal benefit or merely to elevate the personal status of the current holder of that office.\" [Rameshwar Prasad vs Union of India, 2006 (2) SCC 1].For similar reasons, Seshan, despite transforming the Election Commission from a constitutional \"lamb\" to a \"roaring tiger\" ready to bite rogue politicians, too faced the apex court's flak when he imagined himself to be the sole dictatorial protector of elections, which is the heart of democracy.In T N Seshan vs Uuion of India [1995 (4) SCC 611], the SC had said, \"His (Seshan's) public utterances at times were so abrasive that this court had to caution him to exercise restraint on more occasions than one... This gave the impression that he was keen to project his own image. That he has very often been in newspapers and magazines and on television cannot be denied... The CEC has been seen in a commercial on television and in newspaper advertisement... The CEC is, it would appear, totally oblivious to sense of decorum and discretion that his high office requires even if the cause was laudable.\"We sincerely hope politicians and holders of high offices will take a look at the 1995 judgment and bring sobriety into their public utterances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049605", "title": "Gurgaon residents walk the walk", "text": "GURGAON: The sound of drum beats accompanied by the sight of hundreds of morning walkers can prove dispiriting to those who prefer staying tucked in till late on a Sunday morning. But for the early birds of the city, it is business as usual. Just as it was on Sunday when around 1,600 residents, all geared up and track ready, gathered near the Leisure Valley Park to participate in the walkathon event - Rapid Walk - organized by the Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon Ltd (RMGL.) \"There is just no excuse for not devoting at least half an hour a day to walking,\" said Sunita Godara, a national marathon runner and an Asian marathon champion, who took part in the event on Sunday. Godara said that as an exercise, walking is the easiest alternative available, and has innumerable health and environment benefits. \"I think most apartments have got attached parks and facilities where people can go down and walk once or twice a day. It's very important to stay committed to this exercise,\" she added.Attended by schoolkids, corporates, ex-bureaucrats, and other sundry Gurgaonites, the 4km walkathon was part of RMGL's public awareness campaign to promote the greener and healthier mode of conveyance. \"The whole thing is intended to motivate people to walk more and opt for public transport rather than a private one,\" said an RMGL representative.It is worth a notice that this isn't the first time that such an event has been organized in a city like Gurgaon, which all but lacks basic facilities for pedestrians. A number of similar setups encouraging the residents to walk the walk have come and gone, and the city still has a long way to go before it can be called even half-way pedestrian friendly.This is a city with practically zero walkways. The footpaths and pavements on all the major stretches are dilapidated and unusable. Street-lights are out of power through the year. Even zebra crossings and foot-over-bridges are lacking on some of the busiest intersections.\"There are no facilities for pedestrians in Gurgaon whatsoever. Footpaths need to be built, and the street-lights are a must,\" said Mukesh Yadav, a participant. Similar views were echoed by many of the participants about the non-existent pedestrian infrastructure here in the city. \"Especially during the rainy season it becomes impossible to even go out in your local parks, as the drainage systems are so bad,\" said Anita Mishra, a Gurgaon based housewife who participated in the event.There were familiar faces in the crowd too, the most familiar being that of the HUDA chief, Praveen Kumar, who presided over the award ceremony for the walkathon winners. \"We are doing a lot to make Gurgaon pedestrian friendly, and you will see the results in the next six to eight months,\" Kumar told TOI. Plans are being laid out, he said, for setting up accessible walkways. \"Cycle tracks will be built. And then we are also planning on connecting different local parks internally to make it convenient for the walkers and joggers.\"MCG councilor for ward-35, Sunder Singh, also present at the occasion gave out his litany of plans. \"Gurgaon isn't very well planned for pedestrians. But I have started work on setting up footpaths, street-lights, and better drainage systems in DLF phase 3. It will soon be better,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12051477", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Seized weapons from Italian vessel to be taken to Kollam today", "text": "KOCHI: At quarter to three on Sunday morning, four iron boxes containing seven weapons of the Italian naval guards were unloaded from Enrica Lexie marking the end of a 15-hour search for killer guns.The weapons, including those allegedly used by the Italian marines to shoot and kill the two fishermen, will now be subjected to forensic examination.\"The two Italian experts Major Flebus Luca and Major Fratini Paolo, who were specially flown in to witness the operation, will also be allowed to witness the forensic examination of the weapons,\" said M R Ajith Kumar, Kochi City Police Commissioner, told an impromptu press conference on the oil terminal.\"We've seized all relevant materials from vessel that are needed in connection with the case. The Italian officials cooperated with our search and seizure operation,'' he said. Kollam City Commissioner Debesh Kumar Behera was also present.Ajith Kumar said that the vessel will be moved to outer sea on Monday.Strict directions have been given to the security personnel not to allow anyone to enter or leave the vessel. \"A decision on allowing the vessel to leave the shore will be taken after consultation with senior police officials,\" he added.The weapons and the materials will be presented before the Kollam chief judicial magistrate court on Monday.\"The vessel is carrying around 35 weapons and we zeroed in on the seven weapons after collecting statements from the other four Italian Naval naval guards identified as Renato Volgina, Antonio Fontana, Alexssandro Conte and Massimo Andronico,\" the officials said.The search operation which began on Saturday around 10 am finally ended around 2.45 am on Sunday. The operation on board the vessel was carried out by a team of officials from Customs, police, coast guard and Indian Navy. Customs officials began the search operation after analyzing the sketch and plan of the vessel, which was submitted to them by the Master of the ship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12050363", "title": "Employment exchanges in Kerala to go online soon", "text": "THRISSUR: Job seekers in Kerala will soon be able to make online registration with employment exchanges thanks to the new mission of the Employment and Training Directorate.National Informatics Centre (NIC) has been awarded the task of developing this project. \"Our plan is to turn the existing employment exchanges citizen-friendly. We may start the trial run in May,\" said K Biju, director of the directorate.Job seekers can login to the website and register themselves with employment exchanges from their homes. They need to visit the employment offices only to verify their original certificates. Registration can also be renewed online. After online registration, a centralized data will be prepared.The directorate will examine the data of job seekers and provide training in various fields.After giving them training, a job fest to select skilled persons will be held. They will be notified through online and text messages. The initiative was started by labour minister Shibu Baby John.Nearly, 43 lakh people have registered with employment exchanges in 14 districts of Kerala. Every year, 20,000 people register with the exchange. The registration is valid for three years. The grace period will be two months and there is no registration fee.There are four professional and executive employment exchanges functioning in Thiruvanathapuram, Pathanamthitta, Kollam and Alappuzha. Regional professional and executive employment exchanges function in the rest of the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050537", "title": "HC grants freedom to doctors, urges better pay", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court has ordered the immediate release of 17 doctors who have completed one-year compulsory service.While directing their release from government service, Justice S Siri Jagan also asked the state government whether it was willing to pay salaries, being paid to regular employees, to these doctors also.All of them have been undergoing compulsory government service after the completion of medical courses in merit seats.Though they had been signed in for a year's service as per a 2008-order, the period was extended to three years following a subsequent order issued while they were in service.The petition was filed by Dr Arjun A from Cherthala and 16 others, after the government denied relieving them from compulsory service upon completing one year of employment after MBBS.When the petitioners approached the principals of medical colleges, where they were serving, upon completion of compulsory service, they were denied certificates and release, citing a government order that stated senior resident doctors shouldn't be relieved even upon completion of compulsory service until further government orders.In the petition, the doctors pointed out that at the time of joining the compulsory service, a government order issued in October 2008, which stipulated service of one year, was in force. However, the government subsequently issued another order that made it compulsory for students to undergo compulsory service for three years.While the earlier government order stipulated one year compulsory service for doctors, the new order said one year of compulsory service mandatory for each course. Thus, a student who completes super specialty degree would have to undergo three years of compulsory service.Accepting the argument by the counsel for the doctors that the terms of bonded service was based on the earlier government order, the court directed the government to release all doctors who completed compulsory service of one year, as stipulated in the 2008 order.While considering the petition, Justice S Siri Jagan asked the government to clarify whether it was willing to pay doctors in compulsory service salaries that were equal to assistant surgeons.The scale is about Rs 32,000.The court also asked the government to explain its position as the government counsel was unable to provide a ready answer to the court's query on salary rates. At present, the government is paying Rs 15,000 a per month for doctors who completed MBBS, Rs 23,000 for doctors with post graduation, and Rs 25,000 for super specialty degrees, as per the government order of 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12050435", "title": "Bear electrocuted near Tiroda", "text": "GONDIA: A female bear was electrocuted by some unknown poachers around midnight on Wednesday. The poachers have not left any evidence of their crime on the spot.According to sources, the female bear aged about four to five years was electrocuted by poachers in the forest between Odel Wada and Koylari about 15km from Tiroda. However, they could not carry away their hunt.The post mortem was performed by Dr Sonewane who confirmed the electrocution. RFO of Tiroda Shende was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048871", "title": "Youth killed, cousin missing", "text": "JAIPUR: A 19-year-old youth who went missing from his village on Saturday was found murdered. His body with slit throat was found in the farms of Islampur village of Sikar district on Sunday morning. His cousin who was accompanying him is missing. The police have not ruled out abduction of the youth.The matter is related allegedly to the mining mafia of the region where one of the youths was killed while his cousin went missing.Tension prevailed in the area after the villagers spotted Bajrang's body. Senior police officers including the circle officer and the circle inspector of Patan police station faced ire of the villagers. Both the officers were allegedly thrashed by the villagers. Later the angry mob jammed the Patan-Kothputli highway for hours.Senior police officers of the district were clueless about the developments, especially the gruesome murder of the youth and the Patan police station officers were seen underplaying the incident.\"Both were daily wage labourers. We have spoken to their relatives and they have not implicated anyone for murder in the FIR,\" said a senior police officer refuting the mining rivalry behind the murder.\"He was possibly hit by a sharp-edged weapon. Teams have been sent to the place to trace the missing youth, Ratiram,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050994", "title": "Fruits of their labour", "text": "Did a watermelon or a carrot ever tell you to save the girl child? Or were you ever welcomed by a pumpkin? If not then you should have visited the three-day Rose Festival. A special corner set up at the venue, Zakir Hussain Rose Garden-16, invited residents to exhibit their art of carving out fruits and vegetables into fascinating shapes. This was one stall which drew maximum compliments from visitors who spotted it. From social messages to architectural marvels like Taj Mahal and a flower pot to human figures, participants tried innovative carvings on all possible fruits and vegetables.Gurpreet Kaur of Sector 43 carved girls in various professions on fruits and vegetables to spread the awareness that having a daughter can't be a bane. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049447", "title": "After big tech firms, cyber attackers target small companies", "text": "PUNE: After targeting big information technology companies, cyber attackers are now turning towards the more gullible of the lot: Small and medium non-IT enterprises, also known as SMEs. Though no official figures are available on how many such attacks have happened recently, cyber crime experts cite a rise in phishing attacks against small to medium-sized businesses. An official from the cyber crime cell, Pune, said that the cell is currently investigating two such cases.SMEs are being targeted by cyber attackers on a regular basis, said cyber security expert Anshul Abhang. \"The reason is that non-IT SMEs do not have much investment in IT security infrastructure or solutions. Also, they are not fully aware of the current cyber security scenario. Nowadays, cyber attackers target those enterprises that are capital rich in nature, i.e. those maintaining good amount of money in their bank accounts for working capital requirements.\"Such enterprises are usually from manufacturing sector, having less knowledge about cyber-attacks, Abhang said. \"A classic scenario looks like this: The attacker targets a cash rich enterprise and sends a spam email to the victim, making it look like an email is from his bank. The email states, 'Please be careful of phishing attacks and update your accounts credentials on regular basis'. The victim clicks on an accompanying link that leads him to a fake website (which looks like the bank's website) controlled by the attacker. The victim then updates his bank login credentials on that site.\"The attacker then transfers the huge amount of money in packs of Rs 2,00,000 (as the NEFT (National Electronic Funds Transfer) limit is Rs 2,00,000 per transaction). \"This money is transferred to another current account as such transactions are not red flagged. Then it is moved to multiple savings accounts, and withdrawn by the culprits. Even such multiple savings accounts are hijacked so that the fraudsters' identity remains hidden. Usually the attacker pays 2-3% of the transfer amount to the account holder for such transactions,\" added Abhang.An official from the cyber crime cell said such cases have risen recently. \"This year, 15 to 20% of total cyber crime cases that have come to us are phishing attacks. Small organizations have business relations with international companies, and most of the important communication takes place through emails. Fraudsters target such email addresses for their passwords. Another kind of phishing attack is on the company's bank account through its online transactions. It is, therefore, necessary for the person responsible for handling the bank account details of a company to have some technical knowledge, so that he does not end up responding to such spam emails,\" he said.The 2011 Symantec SMB (small medium business) Threat Awareness Poll found that globally, while awareness is high, SMBs do not consider themselves targets of cyber attacks. As a result, they are not implementing proper safeguards to protect their information.Shantanu Ghosh, vice-president and managing director, India product operations, Symantec, said: \"The global survey found that although SMBs know the dangers of cyber attacks, they do not feel they are at risk. In fact, half of the SMBs think that because they are a small company, they are not in danger. This is in contrast to the evidence. Because SMBs do not see themselves as targets, many of them are failing to take basic precautions to protect their information.\"He, however, added that 82% of Indian organizations have adopted or are adopting some sort of cloud services (which is the delivery of security software, applications and storage as a metered, pay-as-you-use service, rather than a product, over the internet) with security services leading the way. \"In fact, cloud services free SMBs from the IT, budgetary and operational constraints that can keep them from moving forward and achieving business goals,\" Ghosh said.Techno-legal consultant Sagar Rahurkar, however, suggested review of online banking records daily. \"Always be suspicious when you receive an email that asks you to click on a link and seeks your credentials, though it seems to be from a trusted source like your bank. Fraudulent emails have poor grammatical structure, misspellings, and other errors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12048965", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi statue found in TN garbage heap", "text": "MADURAI: Chinnalapatti town, which is near the famous Gandhigram University, is known for the special affection it holds for Mahatma Gandhi as most of its residents keep a framed photograph of the father of the nation in their respective homes. So the dumping of a statue of the Mahatma in a garbage heap by the town panchayat officials of Chinnalapatti in Dindigul district has irked the public.When the office of the town panchayat was opened about three decades ago, the then president T P S Lakshmana Chettiar decided to install a statue of Gandhi in the office premises.But, as the statue was made in a sitting position and looked small, the Gandhians in the region wanted it to be replaced with a bigger one. So a statue in standing position similar to the one near the Chinnalapatti bus stand was installed.The statue in the sitting position was taken to the godown in the town panchayat office where it lay neglected for many years. The contents of the godown were removed and dumped outside after a new building was constructed for the town panchayat office about a year ago.Some boxes in the garbage dump were removed recently and the statue of Mahatma Gandhi, which had lain concealed was revealed in this dump much to the shock of many. Public, who saw the statue lying in the dump, which was also used as a urinal, were incensed and brought it to the notice of their fellow villager and state president of the Tamil Nadu Valarchi Ellai Tyagi Sangam, Ramu Ramasamy, who immediately sent a letter to the chief minister urging that action be taken against the officials of the town panchayat who had set a bad example by their actions.\"Everybody who has worked here should be held responsible because at least one of them could have sent it to some orphanage which would definitely have found a place to install this statue, instead it has been treated in a very bad manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050381", "title": "Senior advocate re-elected to Bar Council chair", "text": "Senior advocate Anantha Narasimha Reddy was on Sunday re-elected to the chair of the Andhra Pradesh Bar Council. Reddy, who hails from Balamoor village in Mahbubnagar district, was born into an agricultural family. After obtaining a degree in law from Osmania University in November 1977 he enrolled as an advocate in 1978.He has been thrice elected member of the Bar Council of AP, in 1995, 2000 and 2006. Narasimha Reddy secured 16 votes while his nearest rival N Dwarakanatha Reddy, who is CM Kiran Kumar Reddy's uncle, managed 10 votes. Meanwhile, criminal advocate Naraparaju Ramchander Rao has been elected to the Bar Council of India for a period of five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050515", "title": "Borkars remanded in custody till March 1", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police has managed to procure four-day custody of the three accused allegedly involved in the murder case of lawyer Purnima Borkar. Judicial magistrate first class, Chandrapal Balwani granted the police remand of Borkar brothers till March 1.Legal practitioner Purnima, also an active member of the Vidarbha Lady Lawyers' Association, had sustained serious injuries after her first-floor apartment turned into a blazing inferno in the wee hours of Saturday. Purnima, who had suffered 99% burn injuries, was declared dead at a private hospital. She was sleeping in the bedroom when the fire spread.The reason behind the fire which had gutted down the rooms is still not clear. Prima facie, it is being said that the fire was caused by short-circuit. Purnima's husband Rajesh and his two younger brothers Mukesh and Dinesh were arrested by Lakadganj police late in the evening. Police has also booked Rajesh's parents Hemchand and Bhagirathi but they are yet to be arrested. Three years of marriage was not smooth for Rajesh and Purnima, who didn't had a child. Rajesh doubted Purnima's character, it was learnt.During presenting the grounds for seeking custody, senior inspector Pramod Makkeshwar of Lakadganj police said before the court, that the rooms were gutted down in a fire which had unexplained origin and unusual connotations.Makkeshwar had argued for seven days of custody on three grounds. He said that it was important for the police to find out the real reason behind the fire and how it started or which material may have been used to trigger it. The senior PI said that the reason of short-circuit has been furnished as the cause of fire in the preliminary investigation, but they require experts to examine the spot of the incident. \"If someone has caused the short-circuit then we must zero down upon him,\" he said.Police also contended before the court that they feel the victim was sedated with some tranquillizer which is also required to be verified. \"We need sufficient time to complete the finer points of the investigation,\" he said before the court.The assistant public prosecutor, who appeared for the prosecution, said that the Borkars were well aware of the legalities involved in a murder case as they are in the profession. \"It is a cold-blooded murder and so maximum custody should be given,\" she argued before the court.The representatives of the women lawyers' body, who had thronged the premises, expressed their solidarity with the cause and sought justice. Former family court judge Meera Khadakkar said that the association would form a team of women lawyers who would assist the prosecution. Most of the association members remembered Purnima as an enthusiastic worker who had an adorable character.'We tried to save her'Nagpur: Dinesh Borkar, brother-in-law of victim Purnima, said that the family members did their every bit to save his eldest brother Rajesh's wife. \"We are falsely framed,\" he said. Dinesh, a law student, said that his family members cannot get involved in a gruesome case like murder.Purnima's husband Rajesh said that he had taken utmost care to ensure treatment to his wife after she sustained the fire injuries. \"The hospital authorities delayed treatment,\" he said. Rajesh also added that his family was attacked by Purnima's kin. \"We were quick to inform Purnima's family members,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050015", "title": "Biker gang assaults two CPM leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Two CPM leaders were assaulted by a gang of bikers on Saturday evening near their residences in Parnashree on the south-western fringes of the city.CPM's Behala Paschim-III local committee secretary Koushik Bhowmik and branch secretary Tapas Banerjee were returning to their Goalapara home after attending a meeting for the success of the February 28 industrial strike. When near they were quite close totheir home, they noticed that seven bikers were following them. Suddenly, the bikers, with their faces covered, accosted them and started assaulting them. When Bhowmik and Banerjee raised an alarm, a few people came forward to help. their homes hearing the shout.The gang then threatened them with dire consequences and asked them to return to their homesif they don't go back into their respective homes. But seeing after more and more people come out of their homes, the bikers fled the place.Without naming Trinamool Congress , the CPM leader Malaya Roy Chowdhury said, \"It is needless to say who are behind this attack. This is only a continuation of what is happening across the state. But right now, we are to busy campaigning for the success of the strike. We will take this up after the strike is over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056780", "title": "Chitrashi Rawat enjoyed shooting with Riteish!", "text": "For Chitrashi Rawat, who got into acting purely by chance but became an overnight sensation thanks to Chak De! India, things are now looking better and better as she is doing quite a few interesting projects.Talking of her latest release, Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya, Chitrashi shares, \"Playing Riteish Deshmukh's sister in Tere Naal Love Ho Gayawas a whole lot of fun, and it's a very sweet role which gave me an opportunity to wear ghaghra-cholion screen. With Riteish around, it was always a case of laughter riots on the sets. He is just unbelievable and can have you in splits. Genelia was also very sweet to work with. I have also worked for an as-yet-untitled film slated to release soon.\"In Vadodara to shoot for a film called Palchhin, Chitrashi shares, \", \"I play a very bold character and it's a film about bonding and relationships. Working with Sudhanshu Shekhar Jha (the director) has been a pleasure because he treats me like his own daughter. As for the city, I just loved visiting the Laxmi Vilas palace. It was an experience of a lifetime! I was not very keen on acting even after Chak De!but started getting good offers and went with the flow. Now that things are going well, I feel I pretty much belong here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12050007", "title": "Around 140 absentee poll officials to be booked", "text": "KANPUR: The district election authorities have issued an order to book all the election personnel under the Representation of The People Act 1951, who failed to turn up at the strong room on February 22 to collect EVMs for the elections on February 23.A senior election officer has warned that departmental action would also be taken against such personnel. Taking a serious note of the absence of poll personnel from the polling duty, election officer Akhilesh Mishra said authorities have been preparing a detailed list of absentees against whom action would be initiated under the Representation of The People Act-1951.Mishra said strict action would be taken against those who took the duty lightly. About 140 election employees remained absent in the seven Assembly constituencies. These are Kalyanpur, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Cantt, Arya Nagar, Bithoor and Ghatampur. Mishra said that the absentees have would get a show-cause notice within four days of stipulated time that on what grounds they could not take part in the electoral excercise on February 23. He added that numbers of such absentee polling personnel may exceed as the identification process of the assembly constituencies like Seesamau, Billhaur and Maharajpur is underway.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049129", "title": "Man punished on electronic evidence", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for murdering a gardener and robbing him of his mobile phone and money, with a Delhi court terming it a rare case that resulted in conviction only on \" electronic evidence\".While sentencing Mohinder Sharma, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said the state would not grant any remission to the convict and not release him before he had served 20 years in jail.\"I am of a considered opinion that this case cannot be put on the same pedestal as other ordinary murder cases. It can be easily classified as a rare case which calls for exercising of alternative (sentencing) options by court,\" said Lau, who also imposed a fine of Rs 1.02 lakh on the convict.Sharma, involved in 15 other criminal cases, had murdered Vadivale, a gardened with the Delhi Development Authority, in May 2009 when the victim was returning home at Shakurpur and robbed him of his mobile and some cash.Sharma, a resident of Budhpur in northwest Delhi, was caught after the victim's phone was put on surveillance with the help of its unique international mobile equipment identity (IMEI) number and was found being used by Sharma with a different SIM. He had destroyed the original SIM.\"Sharma is a desperate criminal for whom life has no value,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12054449", "title": "Security heightened on 10th anniversary of Godhra carnage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Security has been stepped up in the city and Godhra town in wake of the 10th anniversary of the Sabarmati express train carnage, which killed 59 people and triggered large-scale communal violence in many parts of Gujarat in 2002 claiming over 1200 lives.The VHP has organised prayers ceremonies here and in Godhra to remember victims of the train carnage, while the post-Godhra riot victims and family would be gathering to seek justice for the deceased.Following the events planned by VHP and NGOs to mark the anniversary today, additional police have been deployed in sensitive parts of the city and Godhra, police said.Meanwhile, the units of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) have been ordered to be in alert in case of emergency, they added.VHP international general secretary Praveen Togadia will lead a rally to the S-6 Coach, now kept at the Godhra railway yard and pay homage to those killed in the incident.Also, as many as 45 NGOs today came together to commence a 10-day event 'Insaf ki dagar par', that would focus on the 2002 riots and the subsequent pursuit of justice for victims.Besides, many other peace rallies, sufi sangeet meets, exhibitions, poetry recitation, dialogues with the victims and prayers by different bodies are lined up for the day.The victims of Gulburg Society at Meghaninagar here where ex-MP Ehsan Jaffery was killed by rioters along with 68 others, will gather at the Society and read out verses from the holy Quran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12055116", "title": "Prithviraj\u2019s on a song", "text": "Prithviraj doing playback singing might not be news anymore, but the lyrics of his song in director Deepan's upcoming Malayalam flick Hero is sure to create a lot of buzz - for, it is almost in tune with the actor's basic nature.We hear that the song, Tarzan Antony Coming Back to Cinema, has the Raavanan actor in a playful mood answering allegations thrown at his character in the flick. The number is composed by Gopi Sunder. \"Initially, there was no idea of getting Prithvi to sing. But when the lyrics were set, Deepan felt that it would be good if Prithvi rendered it. We felt that the song was much in tune with his basic nature,\" Gopi explains.This is the second time Gopi is getting Prithvi to sing for him, the last being Anwar. \"The last time he went behind the mike for me, he declared that he would never sing again. But now, he's back as the lyrics caught his fancy,\" Gopi says.Looks like the people who have been witness to the massive hate campaign against the star can now look forward to a vindication of sorts from his side. P(l)ayback time, Prithvi?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049951", "title": "Attractive flowers woo one and all", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The second day of the flower and fruit exhibition attracted huge crowd at the Company Bagh on Sunday. People from various sections of the society participated in it. Prize distribution was also held.Many beautiful flowers, usually not found in this part of the country, were exhibited in the floral show. There were different varieties of flowers, fruits and vegetables that were displayed.Women and children were the enthusiastic lot that thronged the Company Bagh. Sachi, an enthusiast said: \"I love flowers and organizing such an event is appreciable as it brings people closer to nature. People should also be educated about the importance of plants and flowers in our lives and efforts should be made to conserve natural resources.\" Rajni, another flower lover, said: \"The sight of the flowers soothes our senses and the children should be educated to plant one sapling in a month so that greenery can be promoted.\" Such exhibitions also enhance knowledge about different flowers, fruits and vegetables.Some youngsters were seen clicking photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12051579", "title": "Gang hurls petrol bomb at BJP\u2019s office", "text": "COIMBATORE: An unidentified gang threw a petrol bomb at the BJP party office at Sundarapuram early Sunday morning.A flex board was charred in the incident. The party held a meeting on Saturday at the office to discuss the Sankarankoil by-election, deciding to participate in the election campaign. As many as 50 party cadres were present at the meeting.Around 2am on Sunday, flex board of the party office was charred when some unidentified persons hurled a petrol bomb at the office. When neighbours noticed the fire, they alerted the police, who rushed to the spot. The fire was doused by locals and police. Over 50 members of the party gathered in front of the office.\"No such incident was reported previously in the area. Our party's flex board was charred by unidentified persons who hurled a petrol bomb at a firewood shop as well,\" said R Manoharan, leader of the Kurichi unit.The Podanur police have registered a case under section 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048632", "title": "Interpol to help track tainted Rajasthan\u2019s top cop?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is contemplating moving Interpol for a red corner notice against Rajasthan's absconding IPS officer A K Jain in connection with the fake encounter of Dara Singh.Jain is facing a non-bailable warrant with CBI declaring him a proclaimed offender and also announcing a reward of Rs 10 lakh leading to his arrest. There are reports that he has fled to Singapore.The ministry of external affairs has already revoked his passport at the request of CBI. Jain has been named by CBI in its chargesheet filed on June 4 last year accusing him of allegedly killing local liquor smuggler Dara Singh in 2006 when he was heading the Special Operations Group of Rajasthan Police. The agency is preparing a case against him to be sent to Interpol headquarters in Lyon for issuance of a red corner notice, sources said.The CBI, in its chargesheet, alleged that Dara Singh was taken into illegal custody by SOG officials from Jaipur airport and was taken to a lonely place near Amber where he was kept hostage till October 23, 2006 and killed in a planned manner. \"The circumstantial evidence shows clearly that Dara was murdered in cold blood by SOG personnel and the same was duly monitored by ADG Police A K Jain, SP SOG A Ponnuchammi and Additional SP Arshad Ali along with other officials and during this entire period Rajendra Rathore (a sitting BJP MLA) was on telephonic touch with Jain, ADGP,\" the chargesheet said. Police had claimed that Dara Singh was killed while fleeing from custody.CBI claimed there was animosity between Rathore and Dara Singh over supporting rival gangs of liquor smugglers. \"There were two rival liquor mafias in Churu and Jhunjhunu districts of Rajasthan. One was headed by Sumer Singh Fagediya and included Vijendra Singh, alias Tilaia, and Dara Singh. The other group, ruled by one Virender Singh Nyangli, was protected by the then BJP minister and present MLA Rajender Singh Rathore,\" the chargesheet said.\"The animosity between Vijendra Singh, Dara Singh and Rajendra Rathore increased in 2003-2005 and even turned into personal animosity. Rathore even tried to reopen a false case against Dara Singh and his aide Vijender Singh in December 2005,\" it further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "dadri (greater noida)", "code": "12051206", "title": "SP trying to hijack Muslim quota: Rahul", "text": "DADRI (GREATER NOIDA): The Samajwadi Party on Sunday faced the ire of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi for trying to cash in on the Muslim quota issue even though there was nothing concrete that was done by Mulayam for the community during his reign in Uttar Pradesh. Rahul accused the SP for trying to ride the Congress bandwagon in which the UPA government had decided on giving 4.5% quota to Muslims under the OBC category.Rahul also accused the BSP government of siphoning thousands of crores of rupees sent by the UPA government to provide scholarships to poor Muslim students.Rahul's barb against the SP comes a day after Akhilesh Yadav throwing bait at the Congress to equal its promise on reservations, declared in a rally in Lucknow on Saturday that his party is willing to support the Congress if they agree on 18% quota for Muslims.\"Mulayam did nothing for Muslims on the three occasions that he was in power in the state,\" said Rahul. \"However, once the Congress declared 4.5 per cent quota for Muslims, he has been going around promising that his quota for Muslims would be more than the chunk promised by Congress. Our decision to provide quotas for Muslims was taken by Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh after finding that 70% of districts in Uttar Pradesh did not have a DM belonging to the Muslim category,\" he added.The war over quotas has intensified before the last two phases of polls in Uttar Pradesh, scheduled on February 28 and March 4, which cover a substantial chunk of the Muslim vote bank in the state. \"Mulayam even went to the extent of throwing out veteran leader Rashid Masood from his party when he queried about quotas for Muslims,\" said Rahul.The Congress leader accused Mayawati, too, of being disinterested towards the plight of Muslims in her four terms as chief minister. \"The scholarship funds sent for poor Muslim students reach as far as Kerala but not Uttar Pradesh which is next to Delhi,\" said Rahul. \"When we sent the financial aid package for weavers, they told us to deposit the same directly into their bank accounts instead of routing it through Lucknow,\" Rahul said.Rahul said that it because of this corruption that companies in large numbers are setting up base in adjoining Gurgaon instead of Uttar Pradesh.Rahul also threw bait at Mayawati over her remark that the Centre has not paid heed to her letters demanding reservations for economically weaker sections belonging to the upper castes, saying that she can herself create reservations for various classes in her own state instead of putting the onus on the central government. \"If Mayawati is serious about creating reservations, being the chief minister, she has the full power to do it in her own state instead of writing post cards to the Centre,\" said Rahul.Lauding his own government's concerns for farmers, Rahul accused rival political parties of having criticised the UPA government for declaring the loan waiver of Rs 60,000 crores for farmers in 2004. \"Rival political parties asked us from where would the money come after we declared the waiver after coming to power in 2004,\" said Rahul. \"Fertilisers meant for farmers in Uttar Pradesh are being sold in Nepal while their land is sold away to builders,\" he added.Rahul reiterated that he is not going to leave Uttar Pradesh till he does not put the state on the road to development. \"You will find me on the streets, villages and farms of the state till development activities are carried out,\" he added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "a custom-made suit will always fit better than anything off the rack. the same applies to your facial hair", "code": "12053983", "title": "Universally flattering facial hair: Is it a myth?", "text": "A custom-made suit will always fit better than anything off the rack. The same applies to your facial hair: You look better when your whiskers are groomed to fit your face shape .But, like a well-made ready-to-wear suit that looks pretty decent on most men, is there one facial hairstyle that brings out the best in almost every guy who wears it? To find out, we asked barbers across the country. Perhaps proving that there isn't one universally flattering facial hair style, their responses were as diverse as their hometowns.Northeast: The groomed five o'clock shadow\"Each man has his own style, and facial hair is a way to express that. Men grow facial hair differently too -- some is coarser than others, some is finer. Some faces are more pronounced than others, creating shadows and spots that may not look great with a beard. But if I had to choose, I'd say the groomed five o'clock shadow is the safest bet. The style is professional enough for work. Plus, you can have a clean-shaven face in the morning and a shadow by night, creating a different look. As for a beard, goatee or mustache, you might not have enough facial hair growth or the right dimensions to pull it off.\"-- Manuel Vazquez of American Shave Classic Barber in Union, N.J.Midwest: The full beard\"The one style that works for most men is a full beard, whether it be scruff or the 'I just got done hiking the Alps' look. It looks classy when your beard is groomed, rugged when unkempt. It can really make a man look distinguished and it can sometimes age a baby face. Guys that have patchy beards should keep them short and tidy to give a fuller appearance.\"-- Shawna Carter of State Street Barbers in Chicago , Ill.West: The style that squares\"It's always best to choose a beard style that best fits your face shape. A square face shape is the most ideal and desired shape. For men with square faces, the choices are endless. For those who don't have a square face, the goal is to choose a beard style that helps to square the face so it gives the illusion that they do. This will be different for every face shape.\"-- Craig the Barber of Gornik &amp; Drucker barbershop in Beverly Hills , Calif.Southwest: A mustache\"After surveying our team of barbers, the vote came back unanimously for the mustache. We all agreed that the mustache (well-groomed, of course) represents a sense of style, confidence, security, strength and distinction. Just consider Clark Gable , Billy Dee Williams , Tom Selleck , Salvador Dali , Burt Reynolds , Albert Einstein and Charlie Chaplin .\"-- Christopher Dickerson, president of Christopher's Vintage Shave in Sugar Land, Texas... Or a goatee\"A well-trimmed, well-managed goatee looks good on every man -- as long as you choose a goatee style that's a good fit for your face. Some goatees may be fuller, thicker or longer than others, but the key is how it's kept up. I find that most men take better care of a goatee than a full beard or just a mustache. You can't grow it and ignore it.\"-- Adrian Armendariz of V's Barbershop in Houston, TexasSoutheast: No one style works for all\"There's not one facial hairstyle that looks good on every man, because every man's facial hair differs. Some hair is coarse and stiff, some is curly, some grows in spotty.The style that's the most flattering on an individual is the one that's contoured to the man's face; is neat and linear; and compliments the natural flow of the man's cheekbone, jawline or lip structure.\"-- James B. Kynes Jr., Kings of Atlanta Grooming Lounge &amp; Spa in Atlanta, Ga.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053314", "title": "Ajay Devgn is Tusshar Kapoor\u2019s lucky charm", "text": "Ajay Devgn is rarely seen in special appearances or doing any voice overs.But Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Devgn will be doing the voice over for the second time in Samir Karnik's Tusshar Kapoor starrer Char Din Ki Chandni. Incidentally, the first time he did, was also for Karnik's Yamla Pagla Deewana.Karnik told this newspaper, \"Ajay Devgn did the voice over for our last film Yamla Pagla Deewana and it turned out to be a hit. I have high regards for him. Ajay has a fabulous voice. He comes in the opening sequence of the film and introduces the characters and setting.\"Also, Kapoor is extremely close to Devgn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053756", "title": "Balakrishna finally gets hot and sexy babes!", "text": "As per the buzz, Taapsee has every chance to romance Balakrishna in this movie.Producer Bellamkonda Suresh is a real fan of Balakrishna. Even after being turned down by the actor many a time, he is still not giving up on him. Balakrishna has shelved two films of Bellamkonda even after launching them on a grand stage. People thought that Bellamkonda won't try to make a film with Balakrisha hereafter.But the stubborn and never-give-up kind of man Bellamkonda Suresh has met Balakrishna yet again and is planning to launch a film with him soon. Lakshyam fame Srivas will direct this movie. Balakrishna liked the single line and asked to him to develop into full fledged film story. If everything goes well it will be launched in April.Meanwhile, Bellamkonda Suresh is putting best efforts to rope in the best for this movie. Balakrishna has been finding it tough to find notable heroines for his films, especially in the recent few years. Balayya has to settle down with B grade heroines most of the time. Bellamkonda Suresh is not going to rope in such actresses for this film. As per the buzz, Taapsee has every chance to romance Balakrishna in this movie. Another sexy starlet who is in her twenties will play the other role. So, finally Balakrisha gets some real hot stuff.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048765", "title": "Anand students use colours to convey social messages", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 300 students painted a wall to showcase their vision of future at Anand on Saturday. In an event organized by Rotary Club of Anand Round Town, school and college students painted 1,000 feet long public wall with messages related to burning issues like female foeticide, corruption, illiteracy and hunger. The event took place at the boundary wall of DN High School, opposite NB Patel Science College\"The project was called Rotary's Wall of Hope. It was a non-competitive youth engagement activity and we were really impressed by the ideas put forth after four hours of rigorous work. It not only opened their minds to address the issue effectively but have also managed to grab attention of the passers by,\" said club president Soham Dholakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi ", "code": "12055269", "title": "They waited all night to report this story", "text": "KOCHI : As the search and seizure operation continued on the Italian vessel late on Saturday, a select group of journalists, including some from Italy, waited impatiently on the shore to reach the oil terminal of the port where the vessel was anchored.&#160;Finally, the policemen gave their nod and all of them set off to the terminal on a boat around 12.30 am on Sunday. They were eagerly waiting to witness the seizure proceedings and wanted to enter the vessel. \"Rarely do journalists get a chance to cover an incident of this magnitude. We have been covering this incident since February 15 and we want to know more about the proceedings and what's happening here on the vessel,\" a local scribe was heard saying to an Italian journalist.&#160;When the boat sailed close to the vessel, everyone wanted to locate the spot from where the naval guards fired at the fishermen. Someone said, \"Please don't shoot us. Everybody lie down to avoid bullets\".&#160;A group of police personnel were waiting at the terminal manned by the CISF.&#160;There were sudden flashes as photographers clicked simultaneously, trying to shoot the ship from different angles. The next two hours saw police officials patiently answering all queries put forward by all journalists about the search and seizure proceedings. After an hour's wait, permission was granted to see the deck of the vessel.&#160;One by one, each member of the team climbed the 61-step ladder which lay suspended from the deck. A few held their nerves and scanned the waters below.&#160;The deck was full of pipelines large and small crisscrossing the entire area as it was an oil vessel. Finally, the journalist left the tanker around 3 am when Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar, who has been coordinating the operation, called it a day. \"We got what we wanted from the vessel in connection with the case. Now everyone can go home and grab some sleep,\" he told media personnel. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12050581", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Indian law, not Italy, to dictate probe, says Antony", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: India will not yield to any pressure from Italy in the investigation into the killing of two fishermen. The investigation into the February 15 incident off the Kollam coast and subsequent action would be under the Indian laws, said Union defence minister A K Antony. He expressed \"satisfaction over the probe, which \"is on the right direction.\"The centre has pledged all its support to the state government. \"The centre would take all steps to strengthen the Coast Guard to avert such incidents in future. I assure you that there should not be any apprehension and the investigation will be carried only as per the Indian law,'' he said while speaking to reporters here on Sunday.The country has a strong and independent judicial system. The prosecution of the marines will be carried out according to the law of the land, in the most independent manner. The investigation is on the right path and the Centre has full confidence in the state police, he added.Antony later visited the house of Valentine Jelestine, one of the fishermen killed by the Italian naval guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048955", "title": "Less pressure? Maybe not", "text": "JAIPUR: A regular image of a school day for those who grew up much before the present generation of students in school is that of children sitting in rows repeating tables written on the blackboards or reading out chapters from the book in order to learn them well.Fast forward to the ongoing scholastic session: The images that come forth are the students learning by example through enacting a story or solving a maths riddle, instead of cramming up, especially in the schools following the CCE ( Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation) implemented by the CBSE ( Central Board of Secondary Education). So has the entire change in the system been successful in reducing the stress level of the student and promoting his or her growth? Are traditional teaching methods still important for the student's growth? Academicians in the city have a mixed view.While they agree that CCE is beneficial for the student, some of them also say that because of it, students have become less serious about studies and have adopted a more casual attitude, which may eventually add up to the pressure on them in the long-run.\"CCE has surely taken off the burden of studies from the students and added to their all-round development. Having said that, the importance of traditional learning methods can't be reduced, says Jayanti Sen, principal, Tagore Public School. She adds that learning by heart is basic for the growth of a child. \"There are concepts and things that a student needs to learn. If there is a poem, it is only fair that the student learns it by heart and also understands its meaning,\" she says.Neelam Walia, principal, Maheshwari Public School supports the idea too. \"Students have become non-serious. CCE is good to an extent only,\" she says. It is also believed that while activity-based learning may be a great option for primary students, things are different in the secondary section. Neelam says, \"When a student, who has been evaluated under CCE till class X, goes to class XI, the change is huge, because at class XI level, the traditional marking scheme and hardcore disciples come in. Doesn't that pressure add up suddenly?\"Kamal Jeet Yadav, principal, Subodh Public School, Sanganer, says that it is not CCE alone that can reduce the pressure on students, but also the way it is implemented that matters. \"The kind of teacher training required for CCE is still lacking and so its effectiveness is not coming through and hence the student may still feel the burden,\" explains Kamal Jeet. One important aspect of a student's growth she emphasizes is the inter-disciplinary approach, which can help in understanding concepts better.\"If you take the example of a tree, it can be related to a poem in English, Environmental Studies, Social Science or even Mathematics. In this way, example-based teaching can help the student,\" she says.Monika Wadhwa, who is a teacher as well as a parent of school-going children says, \"I do not find the CCE system effective. The discipline has reduced. The children have their hands full all the time. There is no gap or break for them, which also brings about lack of seriousness that used to be associated with exams.\" Parents also say that due to the grading system sometimes, there is not enough motivation for the student to do exceedingly well or go the extra mile. Aarti Vijayvergiya, a mother of two children studying in the primary section, says, \"Children get so used to the grading system that as they go to higher classes and competition increases, they feel that extra pressure in senior classes. Then the whole point of putting less pressure on them gets defeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050502", "title": "SCMS group to set up innovative centre for water technology", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi-based SCMS group of institutions is planning to set up a Centre for Water Technology and Management (CWTM) in association with University of Applied Sciences in Weingarten, Germany.The centre will operate from the SCMS School of Engineering and Technology (SSET).This will be the first international research project undertaken by the SSET centre for research consultancy, innovation in engineering and technology.\"Our aim is very specific. We will look at the existing technology in water management and work with a couple of panchayats to help them find solution to their water problems, including the problem of water pollution and management,\" said prof C K Rajan, director, CWTM.He said that they have had discussions with the officials from the Kochi Corporation, municipalities and neighbouring panchayats in the district.\"Their response was encouraging and the local authorities have expressed interest in helping us find solutions to their problems, using simple and existing technology,\" said prof Rajan.The centre will manage an international network of parties possessing competence in the fields of water technology (including their sustainable and regenerative energy supply), water management and water economy. It will act as a coordinator for the research projects and will offer consultancy on water technology and water management including process development services and professional training. \"We also plan to provide policy advisory services to public sector organizations, city corporations, municipalities and other public bodies,\" he added. A process laboratory is being developed at SCMS engineering college to carry out new water technology processes, adapt available processes to special demands and to scale processes to the capacity needed.These services will be made available on a contract basis to customers, inside and outside the state.\"The depleting supply of fresh water from conventional sources is a matter of serious concern. It points out to the need for developing alternative water sources, including the reuse and recycling of waste water, storm water and rain water,\" he explained. Dr Johannes Fritsch from the University of Applied Sciences in Weingarten, Germany will head the centre and spearhead the activities for the inclusion of the most advanced water and waste water treatment technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050876", "title": "Industrial bodies demand rationalisation of VAT", "text": "INDORE: The expectations of the industrial sector are galore from the state's forthcoming budget, which will be presented by state finance minister Raghavji in the state assembly on Tuesday. State's various industry bodies expressed the hope that the government would come up with various pro-active measures in the budget that could help boost the sector including the rationalization of the value added tax (VAT) and reduction in the stamp duty.MP Electric Merchants &amp; Contractors Association demanded that the VAT must be reduced from the current level of 13% on CFL to 5% as it would boost the sales of the energy saving devices.On stamp duty on mortgages &amp; hypothecation, which is the highest in the state at the rate of 0.25% to a maximum limit of Rs 5 lakh, the Pithampur Industrial Association demanded that it must be kept at the minimum level.Gautam Kothari, president of the association, told ToI that earlier, the stamp fees were charged up to a maximum limit of Rs 50,000. But, it has been increased to 10 times the earlier system. The association demanded that the energy development cess, which was charged at the rate of Rs 0.15 per unit by the captive power plants, must also be rolled back.Association of Industries in Madhya Pradesh is in favour of increasing the limit of account audit to Rs 1.50 crore as against the current mark of Rs 60 lakh.Commenting on the mandi tax on agricultural produce, which was currently charged at 2%, the Indore Anaj Tilhan Vyapari Sangh has said that it must be reduced to 1%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049206", "title": "80,000 visit book fair, kids\u2019 pavilion is main draw", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's children's day out on the second day of the 20th New Delhi World Book Fair, with the kids' pavilion turning out to be the major attraction. Otherwise, too, the fair saw an unprecedented rush, with over 80,000 visitors making the most of the Sunday.Young book lovers head for hall No. 14 dedicated to children's and educational books. Nearly all of 150-odd exhibitors had a busy day. Apart from regular text and reference books, lots of innovative stuff were also on offer. \"3D movie theatre storybooks, music player storybooks, audio books and learning tools are making the fair interesting. It is showcasing new ways of learning. The quality of books has also improved, which is definitely going to help inculcate the habit of reading,\" said Sanjukta Sen of Rohini, a parent.\"The variety is making the fair interesting this time. There are now good reading materials and children's literature even in regional languages, which are packaged in an attractive way,\" said Vikash Singh, a visitor.The participating book publishers, however, feel that more students would have visited the fair had it been planned in December or January. \"Though the number of visitors has increased manifold so far, students of Classes X and XII students are missing because of the Board exam,\" said an executive at Indian Book Depot.For the organizers, the beginning has been the best so far in the history of the fair. \"Today more than 80,000 visitors came to the fair, which is much beyond our expectation. We are expecting 30% rise in the number of visitors this year,\" said M A Sikandar, director, the National Book Trust that organizes the fair.Another attraction of the day has been the panel discussion, 'Book to reel', where poet-lyricist Javed Akhtar and actor Satish Kaushik released the book The Company Red. Akhtar spoke about Indian literature and transposition of a novel into a film at the theme pavilion on 100 years of Indian cinema.Eminent theatre and film personality Sushma Seth, who has worked in popular television serial Hum Log and several films like Kalyug, Silsila, Prem Rog, 1942: A Love Story and Kal Ho Na Ho read out passages from her book, Stageplay: The Journey of an Actor.Under the section, Literature that Walks, Talks and Sings, a popular black and white Hindi movie of 60s, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam - directed by Abrar Alvi and produced by Guru Dutt, was screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049093", "title": "Clear concepts in classroom for scientific edge", "text": "JAIPUR: Setting realistic goals each day and avoiding haphazard targets are the success mantra of Stuti Sunil, a Class X student of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh School who is aiming to score 10 CGPA in the Board exams. She sets a goal of studying science chapters each day after evaluating the performance of last day.According to Stuti, planning a study schedule is a must for success in exams. \"I study subjects like biology during the morning hours and practice physics numericals at night so that I don't feel sleepy and my mind keeps working. If I set a goal of studying a certain number of chapters, I am very particular about accomplishing my target,\" says Stuti.Emphasising that science is a practical subject, Stuti said one requires to mug up chapters. \"I have cleared my concepts in the classroom and never allowed the teacher go on ahead until I had cleared my doubts. Making notes in my own language side by side and going through them helps you learn fast,\" says Stuti, who finds NCERT books sufficient for scoring high marks.\"I don't refer to any refresher or guides though the quality of answers is good. They are only meant for students who look for short cuts,\" says the Class X student who is aspiring to become an IAS officer . On the habit of studying the whole night by some students, she says it only causes stress.When in doubt, she doesn't hesitate in taking help from her parents and frequently seeks their advice. \"It was my mother who suggested me to study early in the morning. I thank her because this trick works and remember chapters which I study in the morning better than lessons I study at night,\" the NTSE scholar said.To overcome anxiety, she always remembers encouraging words spoken by her parents and fills herself with a lot of confidence. Her younger sister Shruti makes it a point to see that she is not disturbed while studying. \"When I take short breaks after studying, she recreates me by either chatting with me or making me burst into laughter by her sense of humor,\" Stuti says.Taking hint from the adage, 'All work and no play make Jack a dull boy,\" she takes short breaks after finishing a chapter to refresh the mind. \"In the evening, I make it a point to play badminton at least for half-an-hour with my sister and listen to music to rejuvenate my mind,\" says Stuti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12049696", "title": "Dabolim to witness four-cornered contest", "text": "VASCO: The newly formed Dabolim constituency is waiting to witness its first election ever. Four candidates will be vying for the seat, the smallest in the state with 19,211 voters.Cortalim MLA Mauvin Godinho, of the Congress, is pitted against the BJP-MGP alliance candidate Premanand 'Babu' Nanoskar. Nanoskar was an active member of the BJP. But, as part of the alliance, he quit BJP to join the MGP and is now contesting as the MGP candidate. A contractor by profession, Nanoskar is the councillor of ward No 18 of Mormugao municipal council.Among the other two candidates is a Congress rebel candidate Simon D'Souza, former deputy speaker of Goa assembly, who is contesting as an Independent. He had represented the old constituency of Dabolim in 1984.The fourth candidate is Pratap Mardolkar, a panch from Chicalim panchayat. He had joined the MGP after quitting the Shiv Sena as he was assured the Dabolim ticket by the MGP. But once in MGP, party leaders thought of some other candidate. \"MGP leaders have totally betrayed me,\" Mardolkar said. MGP eventually fielded a BJP candidate on 'Lion' symbol. Left with no option, an angry Mardolkar walked out of the party and is contesting on the Trinamool Congress ticket.The new constituency of Dabolim was carved out taking major chunks of Cortalim and Vasco constituencies. Areas coming under two panchayats - of Bogmalo and Chicalim and ward number 18, 19 and 20 of Mormugao municipal council constitute the Dabolim constituency.As the two panchayat areas were strongholds of Godinho, he was happy to contest from Dabolim. \"Chicalim and Bogmallo panchayats are from my old Cortalim constituency. They have witnessed much development,\" Godinho told TOI.Ever since the delimitation was announced of the Dabolim constituency, Godinho announced his candidature here. Talking about his work in the Cortalim constituency, Godinho said, \"Development undertaken in Cortalim is extensive and it is something to be proud of. People of my new constituency know very well about my efficiency and they want me here.\"Godinho won for the first time in 1989 defeating Francis Valladares by more than 2000 votes. He then won in 1994 with 6,191 votes by defeating ex-Cortalim MLA Luis Proto Barbosa, and went on to achieve a hattrick in 1999 by defeating Herculano Dourado. In 2002, he lost to UGDP candidate Matanhy Saldanha by around 900 votes. Godinho then avenged the defeat in 2007 by defeating the sitting MLA Saldanha by 1700 votes.On the other hand, no one can deny the immense support for the BJP in ward No 18. Nanoskar said large number of supporters of both BJP and MGP are rallying behind him and expressed confidence that he would upset the applecart of the Congress.It is quite clear that Godinho has an edge over his rivals. But, his detractors are also working overtime. A confident Godinho however, said that it's only a question of margin of victory.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049909", "title": "Drivers die in truck, bus collision", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The drivers of a private bus and a truck died in a collision between the two vehicles near Sehura village, under Bara police circle, on Sunday morning.Bara police told TOI that the drivers of truck and private bus identified as Rajesh Bharatiya (22) of Kaudhiyara and Suresh Kumar Adivasi (25) of Muragi died on the spot. The villagers rushed to the spot and helped police in taking out the bodies. The bus was returning to Bara after dropping a marriage party while the truck was on its way to Karvi in Chitrakoot from Mutthiganj.The traffic remained blocked on Allahabad-Banda highway for an hour. The bodies were sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "12050933", "title": "Former state BJP chief booked for illegal mining", "text": "SASARAM: In a major drive against the illegal stone quarries in forest areas of the district, police seized about 50 vehicles and arrested 40 persons on Sunday. Police also recovered about 40,000 detonators, 30,000 gel and huge quantity of ammonium nitrate. The illegal miners also fired at the police.Sources said that a blast in a house at Karawandia, about 10 km from here, on Friday alerted the administration which suspected more explosives were hidden in the forest area. Three persons were injured in the incident.Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj, accompanied by policemen, raided the area. Police also seized about 50 vehicles, including tractors, JCB machine and other equipment. Explosives were found concealed inside the earth.The SP said on Sunday an FIR against those who had taken lease for quarrying, including former state BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh, has been lodged. They have been charged with illegal quarrying and under various sections of the Explosives Act. Police recovered explosives from Singh's office and also seized an excavator, the SP said.A named FIR in connection with illegal stone quarrying was lodged against Singh in November, 2011, also.The environment and forest department had recently lodged FIR against 4,000 registered and unregistered tractors engaged in illegal mining. Sources said the district administration had dismantled many illegal crushers units in November, 2011, and an assistant mining officer was suspended in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12050369", "title": "Property worth Rs 1 cr lost in fire at Kunnamkulam", "text": "THRISSUR: In a major fire outbreak at Parempadam near Kunnamkulam, three shops including a painting garage and six vehicles parked in the garage were gutted completely. It was at 2pm on Saturday that the fire broke out at paddy fields near the shops. The fire later spread to the shops.When the local people called the fire and rescue team in Kunnamkulam, the officers were busy dealing with another fire outbreak at the waste garbage in the town. When they finally reached Parempadam, the fire had already caught all the three shops. The rescue operations were hit by the hartal called by the BJP in the district.It is suspected that the painting garage owned by Kakkad native Jose was first gulfed by fire, which later caught Caption Wood Industries owned by Pengamukku native Sunil and then a wood shop owned by Cheruvathani native Kathikeyan. It is calculated that properties worth Rs 1 crore was gutted in fire. Fire-tenders from Kunnamkulam, Wadakanchery and Thrissur stations were used for over eight hours to extinguish the fire. All the three transformers were switched off on time to ensure no further damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049827", "title": "BTech student found hanging in hostel room", "text": "GURGAON: A student of KIIT College of Engineering in Bhondsi was found dead in his hostel room on Saturday night. Ravi Kumar (22) was found hanging with shoelaces from a ceiling fan in the room. Police have recovered a suicide note from the room, which holds nobody responsible for his death.According to the police, Kumar, who belonged to Jainabad village in Rewari district, was a student of B-tech IIIrd year and used to live in hostel room number 459 with an another student, Pritam, who had gone home a day before. Kumar was alone in his hostel room on Saturday night when he committed suicide. Around 9:30pm on Saturday, some hostel students found his body hanging from the ceiling fan and immediately informed the police and college administration.Kumar's family was also informed by the college authorities. The body was later taken for a postmortem by the police.\"He could be in depression. He did not go for dinner that day. We found him hanging from the ceiling fan in the room when we returned after having dinner,\" said one of the students in the hostel.On Sunday, the police handed over the body to the deceased's family after postmortem.The reason behind Kumar taking such an extreme step could not be found out with both his family and the college authorities remaining clueless.According to the police, the dead student's father Vikram Singh is a retired Army personnel and his elder brother was employed with the Navy. \"I have nothing to say,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049232", "title": "8000 to take ICSE exams from today in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 1.32 lakh students across the country and 7,823 students in the city will be appearing for the Indian School Certificate Examinations which begin on Monday.City schools have been conducting workshops and counselling sessions after the preliminary exams to teach students learning strategies and to de-stress them. This is the second year when ICSE students can avail of the best-five scheme initiated by the Maharashtra government. However, interest levels in group III subjects have not declined, claim principals.According to Carl Laurie, principal of Christ Church School, there might be a slack in interest in a couple of years. \"There has been no change at the moment. Students are still interested in group III subjects,\" he said. The school has been roping in counsellors and nutritionists to de-stress students and explain the right diet to follow during the exams. Lectures were conducted to give students tips on how to prepare for the exams.Last year, most schools saw a rise in percentages of students due to the best-five policy. According to the policy introduced by the state two years ago, students can count only the best five scores, excluding group III subjects. Group III includes subjects like cookery, computer applications, technical drawing, art and physical education.Principal Norina Fernandes from Lilavati Podar High School said, \"There has been no decline in interest in group III subjects among students. The performance of students in these subjects in the preliminary exam has been good.\" While the school has been giving students yoga training and tips on several other de-stressing activities, the focus shifted to learning strategies post the prelim exams.From next year, ICSE students will only have six subjects, with environment education out of the syllabus for class X. Paul Machado, principal of Campion School, Colaba, said, \"This year, the performance of students in group III subjects has been good, so there is no declining trend. Students have to appear for their exams in their own centres, so it is stress-free for them.\"Mumbai: Around 1.32 lakh students across the country and more than 7,823 students in the city will be appearing for the Indian School Certificate Examinations from Monday. City schools have been conducting workshops and counselling sessions post-preliminary exams to help them in learning strategies during their prep leave and also to de-stress them. This is the second year, when ICSE students can avail of the best-five scheme initiated by the Maharashtra state government. However, the interests' level in group III subjects has not declined, claim principals.According to Principal Carl Laurie, from Christ Church School, there might be a slack in interest in a couple of years. \"However, there has been no change at the moment. Students are still interested in group III subjects,\" he said. The school has been conducting workshops by counsellors and nutritionist experts explaining students on the right diet to be followed during the exams. Lectures also were conducted to give students some tips on how to prepare for the exams.Last year, most schools saw a rise in percentages of students due to the best-five policy. According to the best five policy introduced by the state government two years ago, students can count only the best five scores, excluding the group III subjects. Group III includes subjects like cookery, computer applications, technical drawing, art, physical education, etc.Principal Norina Fernandes, from Lilavati Podar High School, said, \"There has been no decline in interests among students in group III subjects. The performances of students in these subjects in the preliminary exam have been good.\" While the school has been giving students yoga training and tips on several other de-stressing activities, the focus shifted on learning strategies post the prelim exams.From next year, students of ICSE schools will have only six subjects, with environment education out of the syllabus in class X. Paul Machado, principal of Campion School, Colaba, said, \"This year, the performances of students in group III subjects have been good, so there is no declining trend. Also the students have to appear for their exams in their own centres, so it is stress-free for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049466", "title": "Monk walks into war armed with peace", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the last 45 years, Reverend Terasawa has been touring conflict zones around the world. And he is not afraid of bombs and missiles, for, he wears the armour of peace.Sixty-four-year-old Terasawa became a monk when he was 19. \"I left home when I was 17 in search of answers to questions of life. Then I met Nichidatsu Fujii, who became my guru and inspired me to become a monk,\" he says.Terasawa started travelling, motivated by the Buddhist philosophy that says 'relieve people of suffering'. His travels have taken him to conflict zones in Iraq, Pakistan and Chechnya.He was at the Indraprastha Park on Saturday to take part in the Lo-sar festivities. There he told TOI that he had been to Iraq on both occasions when it was attacked.Terasawa recounted an experience that moved him. \"I was in a peace camp near the Saudi Arabia-Iraq border. A day before bombing started in that region, the Iraqi soldiers, who had been living close to the camp, invited me over,\" he said. \"They had no shoes or food. They were eating grass to live. And there was just one gas mask among 20 soldiers. Yet they treated me like a special guest. In fact, they vowed to protect me if the war reached their doorstep. I, too, ate grass with them,\" he says.\"When the bombings started, people ran helter-skelter to find a safe place to hide. There were none. The precision strikes were fearsome: you couldn't see the enemy, but the shells would still hit you,\" he adds.Terasawa also remembers a peace march he undertook with thousands of mothers in the 1990s in Chechnya. \"They had their children fighting the war; so, they came to me, seeking my help to stop the war. The helicopters were bombing bridges and we had marched through the streets amid all that,\" he says. Terasawa says he has travelled Europe on foot. \"I can never stop travelling. It is like seeking a way,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12050519", "title": "Aussie expert on races will examine skulls", "text": "HUBLI: The state archeology department (SAD) is seeking the opinion of a physio-anthropologist working in Australia on the mysterious skulls, found in Annigeri in August 2010. There have been conflicting reports regarding the history of the skulls. While a C-14 carbon dating test by Beta Anyalitic Inc, Miami, USA, claims that the skulls are 180 years old, the Bhubaneswar Lab test says they are about 638 years old.The SAD has now decided to take the opinion of prof Raghavan of physio-anthropology department of Australia, who is an expert in the studies of Asian race.Speaking to TOI, R Gopal, director of the state archaeology department said, ''Raghavan is expected to visit Chennai next month. We will give him the C-14 carbon dating test reports and get the preliminary report from him. Then he may visit Annigeri to give his final opinion, he said.Around 600 skulls were discovered in Annigeri. The department of forensic odontology, in association with the department of oral pathology and oral and maxillofacial surgery, SDM, Dharwad, which examined 31 skulls said two skulls belonged to children and the rest of them belonged to men and women aged between 40 and 50 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048762", "title": "Khadia heritage wows Kathmandu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the occasion of Ahmedabad's 601st birthday, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) organized a heritage walk for more than 250 schoolchildren.Closely following them was a delegation of representatives from Nepal's town development fund department. They took a day-long tour of the city. Apart from visiting the Sabarmati riverfront, BRTS and EWS housing projects, the members were taken on an elaborate heritage tour of the city.The schoolchildren and the Nepal delegation visited Calico dome, Haja Patel ni pol, Ramji Mandir, Doshiwada ni pol, Gopinathji theatre, Jumma masjid, Badshah no hajiro, Mahurat pol, Lamaba Patel ni pol and Mahavir Swami derasar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051237", "title": "Oscars 2012: 'The Artist' sweeps 84th Academy Awards", "text": "'The Artist' sweeps 5 Oscars at the 84th Academy Awards including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Original Score and Best Costume Design. Hugo was not far behind and also managed to bag 5 Oscars.THE OSCAR WINNERSBest Film: Tom cruise presents Best Motion Picture Oscar to Thomas Langmann for 'The Artist'.Best Actress: Colin Firth presents oscar for Actress in a leading role (female) Oscar to Meryl Streep for The Iron Lady. Meryl said, \"When I hear my name I see half of America of going aww, not her again! But whatever. I want to thank my husband, colleages, friends. This is such a great honour but friendships, love matter to me more.\" Merly Gets a standing ovation. Its Meryl's 3rd Oscar.Best Actor: Jean Dujardin wins the Best Actor Oscar for The Artist . He thanks Michel, co-star, wife and cast of The Artist.Natalie Portman on stage to present Actor in a leading role Oscar. She compliments each nominee individually by saying what makes their performance different.Oscar pays tribute to the artists who passed away in the recent past. Likes of Jane Russsell, Ken Russell , Whitney Houston, Steve Jobs , Elizabeth TaylorShort film Animated: Oscar goes to William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg for The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris LessmoreBest Director: Michael Douglas presents Oscar to Michel Hazanavicius for The Artist. He thanks academy, cast, dog, thanks the financersShort Film (Live Action): Bridesmaids cast on stage to present Oscar for Short Film (Live Action) . Oscar goes to Terry George and Oorlagh George for The Shore . Terry thanks daughter Oorlagh, the producer, dedicates award to the Irish people.Original Screenplay: Oscar goes to Woody Allen for Midnight in Paris . Woody skips the Oscar. Jolie thanks Allen for accepting award on Academy's behalfAdapted Screenplay: Angelina Jolie presents Oscar for Adapted Screenplay to Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon &amp; Jim Rash for The Descendants. Alexander thanks Clooney, fellow nominees, author of the novel, mother.Best Original Song: Will Ferell and Zach Galifianakis present Best Original Song Oscar to Bret McKenzie from Man or MuppetBest Original Score: Peneope Cruz and Owen Wilson present award for Best Original Score to Ludovic Bource for The Artist. He says\" I want to pay tribute to fellow nominees, power of music, I want to thank academy, it's a special award. \"Best Actor in a supporting role: Melissa Leo presents the Oscar to Christopher Plummer for Beginners. He is 82 years old and wins his first Oscar. Asks his trophy: Where have you been! Thanks Academy, fellow nominees, Thanks costar Ewan McGregor, producers, daughter Amanda, long suffering wife ElaineBest Visual Effects: EmmaStone and Ben Stiller on stage to present Best Visual Effects Oscar to Rob Legato, Joss Williams, Ben Grossmann and Alex Henning for HUGO. They thank to Martin Scorsese, thanks artists all over the world, academy, producers, ParamountBest Animated feature film: Chris Rock presents Best Animated feature film Oscar to Gore Verbinski for Rango. Gore thanks Johnny Depp , family and cast of Rango.Best Documentary: Oscar goes to TJ Martin, Dan Lindsay and Rich Middlemas for UndefeatedBest Sound Mixing: Oscar goes to Tom Fleischman and John Midgley for Hugo. They thank Academy, Martin Scorsese, fellow nominees, crew of HugoBest Sound Editing: Oscar goes to Philip Stockton and Eugene Gearty for Hugo. The duo thank Martin ScorseseBest Film Editing : Bradley Cooper and Tina Fey present the Best Film Editing oscar to Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall for 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo'.?Best Supporting Actress: Actor Christian Bale presents Best Supporting Actress Oscar to Octavia Spencer for 'The Help'. She gets a standing ovation. Octavia cries and thanks Academy, her family, HELP family. I share this award for everyone.Best Foreign Language Film: Sandra Bullock on stage to present Best Foreign Language Film. Oscar goes to Iran, Asghar Farhadi receives it for \"A Separation\"Best Makeup: Oscar goes to Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland for The Iron Lady. They thank Meryl Streep for keeping them employed for last 37 years.Best Costume Design: Oscar for costume Design goes to Mark Bridges for The ArtistArt Direction: And the Oscar goes to Dante Ferretti (Production Design); Francesca Lo Schiavo (Set Decoration) for Hugo. The husband wife thank Martin Scorsese and dedicate award to Italy.Best Cinematography: And the Oscar goes to Robert Richardson for Hugo. \"Martin you are genius, I am glad you put cinematography first!\", says RobertWe're underway!Tom Hanks on stage to present nominees for Cinematography.Billy Crystal, host of Oscars comes on stage.That was extremely loud and close says to audience applause. This is my 9th time hosting the Oscars, so call me Warhorse. We are a part of great entertainment.Crystal sings for nine nominations of Best film category, tells Pitt he can have cupcakes post ceremony if he doesn't win tonight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050850", "title": "CM Nitish Kumar attends discourse on Prophet", "text": "PATNA: Keeping its tradition, the PMCH on Sunday organized 61st Annual Jalsa-e-Siratun-Nabi at Rajendra Surgical Block auditorium. CM Nitish Kumar and others participated in the hour-long discourse on the life of Prophet Mohammad. Chief patron of the Milad Committee Dr A A Hai said that some Islamic scholars, including Maulana Abu Nasar Farooq, delivered speeches on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048654", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal calls MPs \u2018rapists, murderers\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal has courted a fresh controversy by saying that \"rapists, murderers and looters\" were sitting in Parliament, prompting a backlash from political parties across the board which described the comments as disgusting and an insult to democracy with the RJD saying that it would bring a privilege motion against the activist in the budget session of Parliament.Kejriwal, however, chose to stand his ground, pointing out that one-third of the MPs were facing criminal charges. \"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them,\" he said on Sunday. While addressing an election rally in Ghaziabad on Saturday, he had said, \"In this Parliament, rapists are sitting, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by Parliament? How can you expect that you can get reprieve from poverty and corruption.\"Reacting to Kejriwal's statement, Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said it was an insult to Parliament and people of the country who elect MPs and MLAs. The BJP described the statement as \"utterly disgusting''. BJP's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"It is utterly disgusting ... the institution of Parliament is a shining symbol of our democracy, which ensures accountability of the executive.''Claiming that Kejriwal \"has lost his mental balance and needs to be sent to a mental asylum\", the RJD urged the Centre to immediately arrest him on sedition charges.Kejriwal, however, remained unfazed. He said on Sunday that five candidates contesting the UP polls faced charges of rape. Of the 163 MPs facing cases, 15 were accused of murder, 20 were accused of attempt to murder, 13 of kidnapping and 11 of cheating, he added.\"People who are facing criminal charges will never be interested in bringing a strong Lokpal,'' Kejriwal said.Naming 2G spectrum scam accused Kanimozhi and A Raja besides Suresh Kalmadi , Lalu Prasad and Mulayam Singh Yadav as being embroiled in graft cases, Kejriwal said a Parliament with such members would not bring a strong Lokpal. He also said that if the CBI were an independent agency, home minister P Chidambaram would also be facing a court case for corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12050386", "title": "Nilgai killed in accident", "text": "GONDIA: An unknown vehicle hit a Nilgai on Navegaon Kohmara road near village Kokana (Jamidari) on Thursday night.In spite of all the efforts of the forest officials, the animal could not be saved.According to the sources, villagers noticed the seriously injured Nilgai on Thursday night and alerted forest guard Katare.However, Katare was not present in the head quarters. Assistant RFO RA Khan and officiating RFO Badwaik brought the animal to Dr Margaye of Kohmara but it could not be saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050650", "title": "Fest will hone skills in finance, management", "text": "Here is a platform for undergraduate students pursuing commerce and management to explore and exhibit their skills in commerce, finance, marketing, human resource and management. The students of Vidyvardhaka First-Grade College, attached to the department of commerce and management, have organized a two-day inter-collegiate commerce and management festival titled Vidwath-12.The aim of the fest comprising 10 events is to make youth competent to face the challenges of the changing trends in corporate world. The college has been organizing Vidwath since 2008. Hitherto, only degree colleges of the city were invited for the fest. But this year, the students have invited 130 undergraduate colleges affiliated to the University of Mysore, including those from Mysore, Hassan, Chamarajanagar, Mandya and Hassan districts.Final year BBM student R B Rahul, who is also the co-ordinator of the fest, said they are expecting students from 40 colleges, each of which can send 10 participants. Among the 10 events, the last event on the second day will be a group dance, which is going to be performed by about 12 dance troupes of different colleges. ''The remaining events will be related to commerce and management,'' he added.The fest kicks off with an innovative event called Chill Spell, where participants will introduce themselves to others by performing a skit on the topic given on the spot.Kritika G Baradwaj, final year BBM student and another student co-ordinator of the fest, said the event will sure help hundreds of students hone their skills. ''Their talent in dealing with commerce and management aspects will be groomed, which one day will help them bag jobs in corporate companies,'' she hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi (port oil terminal)", "code": "12051506", "title": "'We do worry about our teammates'", "text": "KOCHI (PORT OIL TERMINAL): For the past seven days, the four Italian naval guards on board \"Enrica Lexie\" have been closely monitoring the case against their colleagues, who were arrested by Kerala police for killing two Indian fishermen after mistaking them for pirates. The six marines were on a special anti-piracy mission and boarded the vessel on February 12 from Port Galle in Sri Lanka. Enrica Lexie was sailing to Port Said in Egypt after offloading oil in Singapore.The six marines are from San Marco regiment of the Italian Navy and they were identified as Latorre Massimillaino, Salvatore Girone, Renato Volgina, Antonio Fontana, Alexssandro Conte and Massimo Andronico. Police have arrested Massimillaino and Girone in connection with the shooting incident and they are in police custody from February 19.\"We are concerned about our colleagues who are in police custody. We hope the issue is settled soon and they join us,\" said one of marines. The naval guard also met an Italian official who was on the vessel during the search and seizure operation.Meanwhile, an Italian delegation comprising family members of the arrested marines will reach Kochi on February 28. Police officials said all necessary arrangements will be provided for the family members to meet the marines who are presently lodged at CISF guest house in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053254", "title": "Sonu Sood is Sanjay Gupta\u2019s Dawood", "text": "After Vivek Oberoi was unceremoniously dropped from the film, the Dabangg villain has been signed on to play the don in Shootout At WadalaConfirming the news, Sonu said, \"I am extremely thrilled to be a part of this prestigious project. Sanjay Gupta is one of the best technicians we have in the industry. He presents his actors like no one else. On the other hand, Ekta Kapoor is one of the most prolific producers. She leaves no stone unturned for her films.\"Sonu's character Dawood has always been a Bollywood favourite. \"It's an iconic role. In fact, Gupta has told me so much about the film, I am very excited to start working. Our basic preparations have begun,\" added the actor.When contacted, Sanjay Gupta sounded rather happy having finally found his Dawood. \"It is the clash of the titans. Who better to play the young Dawood than Sonu Sood? Have you seen him? His body language and his physique work for the role perfectly. It is a very important character in the film. We show how Dawood forms his D company the very night his brother Shabbir dies. John plays Manya Surve. The clash of two of the best bodies in the industry should be interesting to watch.\"The film based on a story by Hussain Zaidi deals with the rise of Dawood in the underworld and his rivalry with Manya Surve. It talks about the death of Dawood's brother Shabbir (to be played by Manoj Bajpai ) and the encounter of Manya Surve reportedly orchestrated by Dawood.Bollywood's DawoodsAjay Devgn in Company Randeep Hooda in D Vijay Maurya in Black Friday Emraan Hashmi in Once Upon A Time in Mumbai Akshay Kumar in Once Upon A Time in Mumbai 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bijnor", "code": "12049520", "title": "Muslim quota a ploy to grab votes: Maya", "text": "BIJNOR: BSP supremo and chief minister Mayawati has claimed that her party has fielded maximum candidates belonging to Muslim community, and the promise of reservation by the Congress and SP is nothing but 'canard' meant to grab votes. \"Congress an SP are trying to fool Muslims on the pretext of providing reservation. This is a ploy of these parties to grab votes in the ongoing election in the state\", she said.Addressing a public rally here on Sunday, Mayawati while hitting out at the Congress, alleged that the party had destroyed UP for years and now its young leader (Rahul Gandhi) was terming people of the state, who go out to earn livelihood, as 'beggars'. Ridiculing the charges of rival parties of lawlessness in UP, she said: \"In order to improve the image of my government I sacked several ministers from the cabinet even before charges on them were proved in any court of law.\"Attacking at SP, Mayawati said that the state will see reign of 'mafias' if it comes to power.\" It will be difficult for women to venture out of their homes alone in the SP government\", she claimed.Targeting the Congress, Mayawati alleged if the party, 'hungry' to form a government in UP for last 22 years, comes to power then small business will cease to exist as they will be given to foreign companies as per the FDI policy, and the poor and unemployed will be forced to migrate to other states.\" She also said that communal forces will be strengthened if BJP forms the next government. Meanwhile, speaking in Moradabad, the CM said: \"Most of the time it was the Gandhi family which ruled the country, when they could not do anything for the nation for so long how can they claim to develop the state within five years.\" The Congress is 'misusing' the CBI against BSP, as for the NHRM scam, the Centre was responsible, she claimed.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056500", "title": "Sonu Sood set to play Dawood", "text": "After playing a negative character in 'Dabangg', actor Sonu Sood is gearing up to essay the role of Dawood Ibrahim in 'Shootout at Wadala'.In Sanjay Gupta's next, Sonu essays the role of the underworld don. Earlier, Vivek Oberoi was signed for the role but he had a fallout with Sanjay.\"I am playing the role of Dawood Ibrahim and I am very much excited about this. We start shooting in March,\" Sonu told PTI.In the film, John Abraham plays the role of gangster Manya Surve, while Anil Kapoor plays ACP Isaque Bagwan.Characters inspired by Dawood Ibrahim has always been a Bollywood favourite as in the past it has been essayed by actors like Ajay Devgn in 'Company', Randeep Hooda in 'D', Vijay Maurya in 'Black Friday' and others.But Sonu says he would not leave any stone unturned to play this iconic character.\"Before I start shooting I would do all the necessary homework on Dawood Ibrahim. I have started collecting books and other necessary materials on him, also I intend to meet all those people who have known him or spent time with him,\" Sonu said.Directed by Sanjay, the movie is a sequel to 2007 film 'Shootout at Lokhandwala'. The ensemble cast of the second instalment of the film also includes Kangna Ranaut , Tusshar Kapoor and Ronit Roy.The film will dramatise the first registered encounter by Mumbai police, where gangster Surve was shot dead in 1982 in Wadala. It goes on floors in March and will release in December this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12051238", "title": "'Nomad planets' wandering in Milky Way", "text": "WASHINGTON: Thousands of rogue alien planets may be rambling through space in our Milky Way galaxy, instead of being locked in orbit around a star, says a new study.According to researchers at the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology (KIPAC), an independent laboratory of the Stanford University , these \"nomad planets\" could be surprisingly common in our bustling galaxy.And they predict that there may be 100,000 times more of these wandering, homeless planets than stars in the Milky Way.If this is the case, these intriguing cosmic bodies would belong to a whole new class of alien worlds, shaking up existing theories of planet formation , and may also raise new and tantalizing questions in the search for life beyond Earth, the researchers said.\"If any of these nomad planets are big enough to have a thick atmosphere , they could have trapped enough heat for bacterial life to exist,\" study leader Louis Strigari was quoted as saying by SPACE.com.And while nomad planets cannot benefit from the heat given off from their parent stars, these worlds could generate heat from tectonic activity or internal radioactive decay , the researchers said.For now, characteristics of these foreign objects are still unknown; they could be icy bodies, similar to other objects found in the outer solar system, rocky like asteroids, or gas giants similar to the most massive planets in our solar system.Over the past several decades , astronomers have keenly hunted for planets outside our solar system. So far, the search has turned up more than 700 of these exoplanets. Almost all of these newfound worlds orbit stars, but last year, scientists found about a dozen planets with no discernible host star.The researchers, who detailed the study in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, used a technique called gravitational microlensing to detect these free-flying planets. The method examines the effects of a massive object passing in front of a star.Based on initial estimates, approximately two free-flying planets exist for every \"normal\" star in our galaxy, but the results of the new study produced even more staggering findings: nomad planets may be up to 50,000 times more common than that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050915", "title": "Vegetable vendor kills man for Rs 600", "text": "INDORE: A dispute over a measly sum of Rs 600 led to a sensational murder in which a vegetable vendor axed a man to death and inflicted grievous injuries to another in Chandan Nagar area in the city on Sunday. After committing the alleged crime, the accused reportedly walked into the Chandan Nagar police station and surrendered.Gajendra hacked Kishore, 40, the son of Mohanlal Chauhan, to death and injured Sunny Prajapati in the wee hours on Sunday when the victim came to collect Rs 600, the police said. The deceased had given Rs 600 as a loan to the accused in the past. The deceased was the resident of Rajmohalla.The police said, the deceased Kishore was into lending money to vegetable vendors. He had given Rs 600 to Gajendra, but the accused was dilly dallying and thus delaying repayment of the loan due to one reason or the other.On Saturday night, when Kishore called up Gajendra on his cellphone to enquire about the money, it resulted in a verbal duel between them. Later , which finally took the violent shape in which Kishore lost his life.Next morning, the accused invited victim to his home at Ashiana Palace to collect the money. On the fateful day, when the victim and his friend reached Gajendra's house, the police said, adding that the accused hacked Kishore to death with an axe, resulting in the death of victim on the spot and his accomplice, Sunny sustaining serious injuries in the scuffle.The police have booked Gajendra with another unidentified person under Sections 302, 307 and 34 of the IPC.The police claim to have arrested the accused. Sources, however, said the accused had surrendered by reaching the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050332", "title": "Facelift in store for Old City roads", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eight major roads in the Old City are slated to get a facelift with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) planning to develop them as model roads. While work on two roads - Charminar to Falaknuma and Nayapul to Chaderghat via Salar Jung Museum - will commence immediately, the rest will be taken up later.The two roads are being taken up for development in view of the conference of parties on Biodiversity and will be completed before July this year. As many as 23 roads were identified for development ahead of the conference that fall under GHMC, national highways and roads and buildings (R&B;) department.A month ago, GHMC had prioritized 65 major roads for a length of 170 km to develop model roads as part of Comprehensive Development of Road Network with the roads having common duct for telecom and internet cables, storm water drains, dividers, street lighting, pavements and other facilities.The corporation even planned to take up 16 kms length of the road in the first phase with a cost of Rs 79 crore as part of Comprehensive Development of Road Network including the four km Charminar-Falaknuma road to developed as a model road. The road would be connected to Srisailam road and would also be useful for commuters going to the international airport. Apart from Charminar-Falaknuma road, other stretches including Indira Park to Vidyanagar crossroads, Srinagar colony road, RP Road and Minister Road were identified for development.In the Old City, the roads identified were Putli Bowli to Charminar (4 km), Lal Darwaza to Uppuguda (3.17 km), Nanalnagar to Osman Sagar Road via Golconda ( 3.10 km), Nanalnagar to Golconda Fort (MD line) (1.60 km), Nayapul to Chaderghat via Salar Jung Museum (1.90 km), Golconda Fort to Tolichowki road via Tombs (3.50 km) and Tolichowki to Gandipet (2.78 km).\"Initially the corporation wanted to take up six model roads with a cost of Rs 79 crore under Comprehensive Road Development Plan. Since the state government asked the corporation to refurbish the roads, 10 roads of the 23 that fall in the GHMC jurisidiction will be taken up for development,\" engineer-in-chief (GHMC) R Dhan Singh told TOI.He said the 10 roads are part of 65 roads that were prioritized by the corporation earlier. But these roads would not have features like common duct and other features since it would take several months.The 65 roads were selected after traffic survey and other systematic and scientific surveys were conducted by the consultant M/S Aarvee Associates. Of the prioritized roads, detailed project reports on the road conditions are being prepared by M/s Consulting Engineering Services (India) Pvt Ltd for about 170 km length of roads.\"The reports are being prepared based on the traffic and transportation studies which includes data collection and data analysis, traffic projection for the next 20 years and fixing the number of traffic lanes, land acquisition plan for junction improvement, design for street lighting, surface drainage system as existing and alternative profile for augmentation, design and selection of road signages, road furniture and road marking,\" the engineer-in-chief said.\"The model roads will be taken up after the road works for Biodiversity conference are over,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049166", "title": "Builders 'grab' salt pan land for Vasai housing complex, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two developers allegedly accused of usurping salt pan land measuring over 11,000 sq m worth more than Rs 250 crore in Vasai (E) have been arrested. The fate of the housing society that has come up on the land remains uncertain as the matter is being heard in the Bombay High Court.In 2011, civic activist Sanjay Sethi filed a PIL against Vasai-based architect firm Ajay Wade &amp; Associates for constructing a housing complex, Grishma Garden, on salt pan land.The complex has 46 flats and 26 commercial establishments.Following the court directive, an FIR was filed in August 2011 against two persons, Shankar Mishra (46) and Dinesh Sharma (45), shown as \"owners of the plot\". Later the case was handed over to the Economic Offences Wing, which arrested Mishra and Sharma on Thursday. No action has been taken against the architect firm yet.The police have seized records from the builders and will apply to the court to freeze the builders' bank accounts.In his PIL, Sethi alleged that Mishra and Sharma had purchased five adjoining sub-plots measuring 1,406.79 sq m. The two, however, manipulated records and submitted forged documents to the City and Industrial Development Corporation in which the area of sub-plots was increased by putting a digit ahead of the total area. In this manner, nearly 11,000 sq m of land was deleted from adjoining salt pans and added to the plots owned by the builders.One flat in the building constructed on nearly 4,700 sq m of salt pan land is registered in the name of a local police officer's wife, say investigators. Vasai MLA Vivek Pandit also had an office in one of the shops located in the building. The establishment was, however, shut down after the PIL was filed.The remaining portion of the land was shown as reserved for a temple, playground and garden. In his PIL, Sethi alleged that the land grabbing would not have been possible without the connivance of government officials. The land grabbing process had begun in 1998 and it couldn't have gone unnoticed by the tehsildar's office, the PIL stated.Mishra and Sharma have been remanded in police custody till March 1. The two have been charged with cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050434", "title": "Riot-hit students bloom in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: It has been 10 years since Vohra Khushboo Yakubai, now known as Nadia, was displaced from Ahmedabad after the post-Godhra pogrom, yet its memory is like a scab. Pick on it and it bleeds profusely narrating events stained by blood. Despite moving to Hyderabad years ago, she remembers being a prisoner in her own home for five days; the pangs of hunger and parched throat. Starvation had made her father a scavenger, noiselessly rummaging through debris of gutted and looted shops for scraps of food at night. She recollects her mother's teargas swollen eyes - bloodshot and serous. Anxiety and exhaustion frequently made her family swoon. Refusing to break into a million pieces, Nadia is just one of the many victims of the communal calamity that struck Gujarat who have made Hyderabad their new home. For girls like her, a sound education and securing the family's future is now the only reason to live for.More than 250 students arrived in the city since the aftermath of the carnage in early 2002 hoping for a new innings. Having witnessed in horror the torture of Muslims and their gruesome deaths by the saffron brigade, it had an impact on innumerable students and Nadia is just one of them. Thirteen when the riots broke out, she criticises Narendra Modi and the state machinery for inaction and also for collusion in crimes against humanity. \"From the crack in the window, I saw a man being torched only because he wanted to go to the masjid early in the morning. Another man's beard was cut with a knife and his genitals were repeatedly kicked till he fainted. A couple of days later, he died.\" Nadia says that the Bajrang Dal with police protection used to monitor the massacre from the four storey high Swamy Narayan Jagannath Temple, barely 50 feet from her house in Jamalpur. Their house was stoned and Molotov cocktails charred their doors and windows. The police ignored their cries of 'bachao! aagaye!' (help! hey have come!) and deliberately looked the other way. She says that the Jamalpur Darwaza near her home was stormed by swarms of bloodthirsty Bajrang Dal activists brandishing unsheathed swords and lathis, impaling every Muslim in their way.Nadia comes from a family of modest means and after losing their shop to rioters, making ends meet was difficult. Yet, her parents in Ahmedabad are still trying to pick up and piece together the shards of their shattered lives. For Nadia, education is a priority. \"I'm the eldest sister and it is my duty to look after my family,\" she says. \"It is impossible to get a job with a handsome salary without sound education. Ilm haasil karma zaroori hai (it is important to educate oneself).\" Nadia says that witnessing the carnage has made her value life and relationships. A fresh MBA graduate, she now has set her sights on a university in the US and is waiting for her passport to arrive. \"I will work hard and earn money to ease my parents' worries. The last ten years have taken a toll on their health,\" she says.Jasmine Ben, along with 20 other riot affected students studies in Salamah School in Purani Haveli. She was brought to Hyderabad from a relief camp in Ahmedabad. Barely 15 years old, Jasmine says that the carnage is fresh in her memory. She can almost smell the pungent stench of clotted blood which enveloped them ten years ago. \"They tried to destroy us in every possible way. They not only killed people but also threw the Quran on the streets, kicked it and even burnt it,\" she says. Displaying maturity beyond her age, Jasmine says that this was done so as to break Muslims not only physically but to scar them psychologically for the rest of their life. Jasmine and Nadia say that there is nothing left for them in Gujarat and that Hyderabad has offered them an education and the will to move on with their lives.While Nadia and Jasmine are vociferous, Mohammed Aijaz Shaikh and Parvez Mansuri who too came to the city from Ahmedabad in 2002 are guarded and subdued. Both, students of engineering colleges from the city narrate similar tales of morbidity. \"We were taken from our camps and brought to the city where we studied in Salamah School in Toli Chowki after which we decided to pursue engineering. Since many displaced families were engaged in petty trade, education always took the back seat. The riots had disturbed us tremendously because of which we decided to give academics top priority,\" says Shaikh. Like Jasmine and Nadia Shaikh and Masuri say that Hyderabad offers them better educational and employment opportunities. \"All politicians in Gujarat are Hindus with very little representation of Muslims. In a state where the police fires shots at the cauldrons meant for cooking food at relief camps such as the one near Sonal Cinema, the atmosphere for growing is hardly conducive.\" Shaikh says that the Muslim majority Al Atiq Society in Ahmedabad was burnt to cinders while the neighbouring Hindu dominated Jhalak Society remained unscathed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050452", "title": "NMDC rubbishes treasure trove theory", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Mineral Development Corporation has called the bluff of the 'treasure trove' theory. A week after the state archaeology department' s \"exploration\" for precious jewels started on Vidyaranya School campus, NMDC has trashed Coal India employee D S Raju's claim based on the four-day resistivity survey they conducted at the site. D S Raju and his eight associates had written to the archaeology department stating that they had seen a \"treasure trove\" 10 to 15 ft below the ground level at the foot of Naubat Pahad. In their final report, which will be submitted to the archaeology department on February 29, NMDC officials have said that there is no structure up to 15 metres under the surface identified within the school compound.In fact, the only finding the resistivity survey has brought out so far is that there could be a hollow structure or cavity 15 to 18 metres under the ground level. NMDC officials said that there could be a 20% difference between the actual reading and the final depth at which the hollow space or structure could be found. This negates the theory which the nine signatories of the treasure trove letter to the archaeology department had put forth in a sworn affidavit that they went down a flight of stairs to see the treasure trove. Officials said they have narrowed down on a \"probable hollow structure\" at a depth of 15 to 18 metres, it is highly improbable that the claimants of the \"treasure\" would have seen the opening of this tunnel, even if it really exists. \"Also, to have gone down such a depth without proper oxygen supply would have proved fatal,\" an official said.\"We had done both resistivity and magnetic survey at all the points pointed out to us by Raju and officials from department of archaeology but we have not found anything that supports their claim of seeing a structure 10 to 15 feet under the surface. The archaeology department can get our report verified but we suspect that if there is some structure below the surface, it is way below what they had expected,\" the official saidNMDC officials had started doing a magnetic survey usually conducted to locate diamonds on February 21, but had switched to resistivity survey which locates hollow cavities or structures. \"The magnetic survey is used to locate iron or granite material located under the ground. When we did the survey in one spot that we were directed to, we found an anomaly (difference from normal reading) at a depth of 15 to 18 metres. The resistivity survey has also indicated the same results,\" said an NMDC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049217", "title": "Two-day 10% water cut in parts of Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has announced a 10% water cut on February 28 and 29 in the entire western suburbs and parts of the island city to undertake cross-connection work between Upper Vaitarna and Middle Vaitarna at Kirawali and Pogaon between 11am on February 28 and 3am on March 1.In the island city, Colaba, Fort, Esplanade, Bhuleshwar, Crawford Market, Dhobi Talao, Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi, Nana Chowk, Prabhadevi, Worli, Chichpokli, Dadar, Mahim and BycullaMumbai: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has announced a 10 % water cut on February 28 and 29 in western suburbs and parts of the island city. The BMC will undertake cross connection work between Upper Vaitarna and Middle Vaitarna at Kirawali and Pogaon between 11 am on February 28 and 3 am on March 1.The entire western suburbs will be affected due to the water cut. The areas in island city which will be affected are Colaba, Fort, Esplanade, Bhuleshwar, Crawford Market, Dhobi Talao, Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi, Nana Chowk, Prabhadevi, Worli, Chichpokli, Dadar, Mahim and Byculla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12049975", "title": "Man held for killing brother", "text": "KANPUR: Three persons, including the brother, have been detained in connection with the murder of a 28-year-old man, whose body was recovered from his house in Maswanpur, under the jurisdiction of Kalyanpur police on Sunday. Paramsukh, a resident of Maswanpur was allegedly murdered following a drunken brawl.Paramsukh's mother informed the police about the murder. Only a couple of days ago, his wife Pinki had left for her parental place in Mirzapur. Paramsukh was a labourer and his family members initially said that he had committed suicide by consuming poison.Later, the police came to know that Pinki had left the house following a drunken brawl between him and his brother Lalaram, who had also tried to set the house on fire a few days ago.The police have detained two other relatives of Paramsukh, including his brother-in-law Raju Paswan and maternal uncle Shri Krishna. They were drinking when Lalaram strangled Pramasukh to death on Saturday night. The three then left the body and escaped.Dowry death: A housewife identified as Pooja (25), daughter of Daya Gupta, a resident of Juhi Parampurwa, was found dead in her bedroom at her husband's house in Harbansh Mohal on Sunday. Her husband Akash told police that Pooja was found hanging from the ceiling fan in the bedroom. The parents of the woman alleged that Akash and his parents had been torturing Pooja for dowry since her marriage and they have killed her. Harbansh Mohal police have registered a dowry case against Akash and others.Akash got married to Pooja on February 12, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050494", "title": "Subsidized canteen, lawn, hall added to police headquarters", "text": "NAGPUR: Stressful work schedule and rigorous routines are nothing unusual in a policeman's life. Attempts are now being made to iron over some of these worries by providing facilities at the headquarters to police personnel and their family members.Last week the city police inaugurated its subsidized canteen, on the lines of those available to army personnel. The outlet would now provide branded and non-branded goods available to police employees at a rate much lower than the market price.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said families of policemen would now be able to access the best brands without having to leave the headquarters. \"We have tried to provide as many items as possible on the display racks for families to choose from,\" he said.It is learnt that city police have linked up with Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) canteen in Delhi to start this facility here at police headquarters. The goods available in the newly opened police canteen are being procured through CRPF Hingna. A senior official said that the goods cost only 3% above the price in the CRPF canteen. This extra amount is shared equally between CRPF Delhi, CRPF Hingna and the city police welfare fund.Additional commissioner of police (administration) Anup Kumar Singh said modalities are being worked out to ensure that the employees get a fair chance to make purchases in the canteen, but the facility cannot be exploited in undue manner.Dhanvijay added that the welfare fund raised through cultural programmes has been put to use to create some other facilities.Apart from the canteen, Dhanvijay said that the foundation stone has been laid to begin work on a lawn dedicated for special occasions like marriages and family functions of police personnel. The lawn would have an open stage flanked by green rooms for changing on either side, along with toilet blocks. The periphery of the lawn would be lined by ornamental plants and trees. \"We would ensure that the place is used with the dual purpose of special gatherings, and as an open jail during the winter assembly sessions for detaining political workers,\" said Dhanvijay.The CP also said that the existing multipurpose community hall has been renovated. \"There were leaks in the hall, which desperately needed renovation. We spent a considerable amount on interior works to ensure that the hall now can be used for programmes,\" he said.Dhanvijay also said that the proposal for a guesthouse for sub-inspectors and above ranks is also in the pipeline. The top cop has also ensured that Nagpur Municipal Corporation funded the beautification of the lake adjoining the police headquarters, where benches and gardens would be provided for visitors.\"We have also ensured that post-retirement benefits and financial clearances are being given quickly to ensure no hassles to outgoing employees,\" said CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054428", "title": "Euphoria in Kochi", "text": "Hindi music group Euphoria performed in Kochi over the weekend and had the audience grooving to their tunes.So much so that nobody even bothered to sit down to enjoy the music, as they were all dancing along right through the three-and-ahalf-hour show.Palash Sen and his band sang some of the popular tracks like Dhoom and Maaeri. They also sang a Malayalam song which they had composed for a Malayalam film, along with playback singer Jyotsna.The audience mostly comprised youngsters, but it was great to see some young parents walk in with little kids too.Fans who wanted to meet the band post the concert were thrilled to see the members obliging them with autographs and photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048692", "title": "An artist's quest to paint happiness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"In the landscapes of the mind, shapes are ephemeral.\" And exploring this fleeting space are Aprajita Singh's paintings exhibited at the Lalit Kala Academy gallery. Standing in front of each painting, you realize what you are looking at is an intense emotional experience poured with colours on the canvas. Your eyes then meander to the poetry written on the note below each painting, which sets context to view the series of work titled 'Memento Vivere'.\"Such is the beauty of abstract expressionism that each can relate to the work differently owing to their experiences in life and derive different interpretations,\" says Singh, who trained in art from J J School of Art. She implied that her meanings and ideas are not the absolute.\"While the colour white means spirituality, unconditional love, acceptance, grace, soul that is pure and touches me, might mean different to some else,\" said Singh.Of course, in most works, colours serve as language to communicate, for example, the colour Red with cracks are \"serpentines sneaking into the cracks of your mind and soul in search of blood and venom.\"It was the \"quest to understand happiness,\" which made this graduate in MBA and Law, who has worked in the corporate sector for a number of years, to resort to art.\"During a Neurolinguistic Programme Learning (NPL) training, I discovered that to lead a quality life, a quality communication with oneself is essential. Thus, I got drawn to painting as a medium of expressing and exploring inner recesses of the mind,\" explained Singh, who is also a qualified NPL practitioner.She has used paintings as a means to reach the root of her emotions. Similarly, the poetic titles in Latin reach their linguistic roots.Exhibiting in the city for the first time, Singh's work will be on display at the gallery till February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "12050116", "title": "Passenger abducted, 2 injured in attack on bus", "text": "JHARGRAM: Two men boarded a private bus, threatened the driver at gunpoint, abducted a passenger and fired at the bus, before fleeing on a motorcyle at NH-6 off Jhargram. The incident occurred along the desolate stretch of Purnapani jungle near Monhanpur on Sunday afternoon. Two passengers sustained bullet injuries and were admitted to the hospital.It was, however, not clear if Maoists were behind the attack or if it was a case of robbery.The incident occured on NH-6 off Jhargram, on Sunday afternoon.A private bus was stopped as two men threatened the driver at gunpoint, a passenger was abducted and two shot at before the assailants fled on a speeding motorcycle on NH-6 off Jhargram near Monhanpur along the desolate stretch which runs through Purnapani jungle on Sunday afternoon. It was not clear immediately whether Maoists - whose writ run in the area - were responsible for it or it was purely a bus robbery.At around 1.30pm on Sunday, a Dhumsai-bound bus was passing through the stretch along Purnapani jungle. Suddenly, two passengers got up from their seats, walked up to the driver Dipankar Sen and asked him to stop the bus at gunpoint.Sen told police that the armed duo threatened to blow his head off if he did not pay heed to their threat. Once the bus came to a halt, two motorcycles appeared from nowhere. The duo then got off the bus, dragged a middle-aged male passenger along with them and pinned him on a motorcyle pillion seat. The abducted passenger is yet to be identified.The incident took place around 1:30 p.m. when a Dhumsai-bound bus was passing through the stretch. Two passengers stood up, walked up to driver Dipankar Sen and held a gun on his head asking him to stop. Sen told police that they'd threatened to blow his head off if he didn't heed their threat. Once the bus stopped, two motorcycles appeared from nowhere. The armed men, while fleeing dragged a middle-aged male passenger from the bus (yet to be identified) pinned him on a motorcycle pillion seat and drove off.Before fleeing the spot on the motorcycles, one of the assailants fired twice at the bus. The misdirected bullets hit two passengers who were seated on the roof of the bus.While Swapan Dandapath was hit on the left side of his chest, Niloo Bhuniyan was hit on his right forearm. Swapan and Niloo were later admitted to the Jhargram district hospital. Swapan is said to be in a critical condition.Joint forces later reached the spot and initiated a search for the culprits. Jhragram SP Gaurav Sharma said, \"It could be the handiwork of Maoists or criminal gangs. This belt is known for its criminal gangs also. We are investigating the case and hope for an early breakthrough.\"The other assailant, then fired twice at the bus. The misdirected bullets hit two bus passengers who sat on the bus roof. Swapan Dandapath was hit on the left chest, while Niloo Bhuniyan was hit on his right forearm. Both were later admitted to the Jhargram district hospital. Swapan's condition continues to remain grim. Joint forces later reached the belt and started scanning the area. Jhragram SP Gaurav Sharma said, \"It could be the handiwork of Maoists or criminal gangs. That belt is known for its criminal gangs also. We are investigating the case and hope for an early breakthrough.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050165", "title": "Norway NRI couple's 10-month ordeal may end soon", "text": "KOLKATA: There appears a ray of hope at the end of the tunnel for the NRI couple at Norway whose children - Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) - were taken away by a childcare agency in May last year. The Indian ambassador in Oslo , R K Tyagi, and the uncle of the kids, Dr Arunabhas Bhattacharya, will on Monday discuss with the agency officials on finalizing a date for getting custody of the children.Back in India, the grandparents of the children will stage a dharna on Monday in front of the Norway embassy in Delhi for early return of the kids, whose visa will end soon. The childcare agency, however, wants to extend their visa without the consent of their parents.Sashi Tharoor , former minister of state for external affairs, on Sunday expressed his concern on the issue and said a faster processing of the case was the need of the hour as the children were growing older every day. He added that diplomats have limited authority over judicial procedure of this child custody case. Earlier on Thursday, Union external affairs minister S M Krishna had assured an all-out effort for early return of the kids. Krishna already held talks with Norwegian foreign office and stressed on the release of the children so that they could be brought back to India. The custody issue came to limelight after TOI reported the plight of the parents and the children and Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee wrote to Krishna. The grandparents of the children even met President Pratibha Patil and urged her to intervene.Abhigyan and Aishwarya were taken away on grounds of improper care by their parents and were placed in foster care. Their parents, Anurup and Sagarika, had been trying to get back their custody and moved Norway court, which is expected to give the final verdict on March 23.After much diplomatic pressure, the agency agreed to handover the children to their uncle Dr Bhattacharya, whom they considered eligible for the adoption of the children. Dr Bhattacharya is in Norway since February 2 and had met the children a number of times and also held discussions with the agency officials. Last Tuesday, he went to the kindergarten where Abhigyan studies. He met them again on Wednesday at the childcare agency's office.On Monday, the agency will finalize return of the children to their uncle. Indian diplomats will narrate Indian laws and customs to the agency officials. It has arranged separate accommodation for Dr Bhattacharya so that he is not in close contact with Anurup and Sagarika. The agency stressed that it will be the uncle's primary responsibility to take care of the kids though the parents will having their right and will visit the children. The uncle, a bachelor, is being trained on how to handle the children once he gets their custody. A Norwegian psychiatric institute for children suggested special care for Abhigyan as he is a slow learner.The agency will also discuss with Tyagi and Dr Bhattacharya about terms of the agreement that is going to be signed soon for handing over custody. The parents will have to agree to voluntarily place the children with Arunabhas., who has agreed to be the care giver.Indian embassy's first secretary (political) P Balachandran will also be a signatory in the agreement.A week ago, the NRI couple was allowed to meet their children. \"Abhigyan was found to be highly traumatized. He was unable to speak in Bangla as he is in a confused state. Aishwarya also appeared sick and was unwilling to let go off me get down from my lap,\" Sagarika said.She apprehended that the agency might try to issue visa to the children without their consent as they were unwilling to renew the visa of the children. The visa of Anurup, a geophysicist, will be over on March 8. So, the agency is trying to pressurize the parents to apply for visa extension of the children, but the parents are unwilling to do it till they get custody of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054314", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrated in New Zealand", "text": "At first blush, it may seem odd that New Zealand should have a thriving Indian theatre presence.One of the last settled places on earth, its colonial past has meant that many of British conquerors of India are honoured in New Zealand by having cities named after them - Auckland, Hastings and Napier among them. Auckland even has its own Khyber Pass and the city's exit southward is marked with a hamlet called Bombay.Happily, most of New Zealand's 4.2 million people have little idea of who their cities are named after and have welcomed Indian migrants since the 1890s. Among them is a group of Indians who decided to give to New Zealand a taste of the theatre culture they had back home. Prayas Cultural Group, headed by Amit Ohdedar, aims to stage productions based on the works of noted Indian playwrights with available and established English translations.In its most recent production, Prayas marked the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore (1861-1941). At the time, New Zealand was also hosting the Rugby World Cup, keenly waiting what turned out to be victory to the national side, the war dancing All Blacks.Ohdedar had no doubt, talking to New Zealand media, that Tagore was still relevant. \"No matter how much you want to stir me up, my belief in Tagore will be steadfast like the nation's belief in the All Blacks,\" he said. He selected Tagore's 'Tasher Desh' or The Kingdom of Cards, to perform. Its cast was again a mix of cultures and people - and the audience the same.Ohdedar was passionate about it. \"My entire existence, my cultural identity, rests on Tagore - almost. To a Bengali, Tagore is still as holy as goddess Kali and as important as a fish curry cooked in mustard oil.\"While Tasher Desh is a satire on the class system, using cards to show a kingdom's people trapped in countless inane rituals, it had no trouble translating itself to a New Zealand audience. Ohdedar believed that reflected the power of Tagore. \"What is amazing is that each of them cast and crew could almost immediately relate and get excited about the play - some see the humour and cleverness of the dialogues, some love the songs, others see the political subtlety of the text,\" Ohdedar said. \"His philosophy of freedom of humanity based on enlightenment through education and emancipation of poverty and injustice through an equitable social order are equally relevant and applicable in the present day world.\"Prayas' first play was Habib Tanvir's 'Charandas Chor', in English, performed in 2005. It was a sell out, winning great reviews and drawing notice in a city where live theatre has at times struggled. Various state and local arts bodies welcomed Prayas and helped fund the productions.Another play that won a lot of media attention, and big audiences, was 'Khoj' - The Search, using squat toilets as a metaphor in dealing with Indian migration to New Zealand. Ohdedar, with Sananda Chatterjee, wrote and directed the light-hearted account of adaptation, inspired by a Rohinton Mistry short story. Prayas held workshops with Indians to collect stories of their experiences in New Zealand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050219", "title": "Body of suspect flown to Patna", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of suspected bank robber Sujay Kumar Ray alias Vinod Kumar, who was shot dead by the police on Thursday, was flown to his hometown on Sunday after a postmortem at Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital on Saturday.A team of the hospital's doctors headed by Dr Shanth Kumar completed autopsies on the bodies of Ray and four others, who the police alleged were involved in bank heists at Perungudi and Keelkatalai. Ray's relatives, including his father Muneshwar Ray, were at the hospital to claim his son's body.Vinod Kumar's body was supposed to be taken to Patna by an IndiGo flight departing from Chennai at 7.40 pm on Sunday. \"Four tickets were booked in for the flight to Kolkata. But they could not make it because Ray's body was taken to a hospital in Porur for embalming after postmortem,\" a senior police officer said.\"The body was taken by a Jet Airways flight that departed at 10.40 am on Sunday to Patna via Bangalore,\" said the officer.The police said Ray had been involved in three bank robberies in Mumbai and one in Chhattisgarh. \"Ray and his aides committed the crimes in Charkop, Malad and Borivali. He managed to escape though the others were arrested,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048591", "title": "Fresh inquiry into Devas deal unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is not inclined to launch a fresh probe into the scrapped Antrix-Devas deal as demanded by black listed former Indian Space Research Organization chief Madhavan Nair.The top space scientist, credited with the success of India's moon mission, has said that the Department of Space misrepresented facts relating to the deal to lease transponder capacity on two Indian satellites for use of space band spectrum. He has written to the Prime Minister's Office seeking a fresh inquiry.Government sources, however, said the possibility of reopening the inquiry into the Devas deal is remote. With the contract being examined by two committees, the government is not keen to go into the controversy again although questions have been raised over whether culpability should be limited to scientists.The controversy was stirred anew with Rodham Narasimha, a respected member of the Space Commission, recently quitting in protest against the decision to blacklist Nair and three other former Isro scientists.Narasimha was a member of a committee that probed the deal along with Planning Commission member B K Chaturvedi that did not hold Nair guilty of causing any financial loss but faulted the deal for \"major financial and commercial weakness\".The government has requested Narasimha to reconsider his resignation as it is aware that the scientist's decision can embarrass the PM.While the committee headed by former central vigilance commissioner Pratyush Sinha recommended that the deal and those involved in its conclusion be subjected to a further investigation, both inquiries did not name any one beyond the Isro brass. The implied clean chit to the political authority meant the alleged wrongdoing was capped at the level of scientists. The alleged scam had broken out soon after the 2G corruption scandal and any suggestion of another spectrum fiddle would have been politically very damaging.The blacklisted scientists have said they are prepared to go to court over the decision to ban them and the government is certain to face some tough questions during the budget session of Parliament that will commence in March.The opposition has demanded that the PM explain how the Devas contract escaped the scrutiny of his office as he is in-charge of the Department of Space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056804", "title": "Want to be a better human: Prateik", "text": "You will never find this budding star of B-Town playing on the cards of his legacy.Prateik in his own words is \"just another quiet man\", and that should be understood given the fact that he hasn't had the smoothest childhood as his legendary actor mother Smita Patil passed away very soon after his birth and the shadow of a father had mostly been absent from his bringing up in his maternal family.But even though his foray in the industry has been coincidental, he's gens have surely started speaking aloud and he is managing to make his mark.Ask him, which of his performance is closest to his heart and he says in a whispering voice, \"I don't know! I am very critical about myself as an actor. But 'Dhobighat' was memorable one and 'Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na' also remains closer to my heart.\"Prateik speaks with long pauses of indecisiveness, and you wonder that whether you should ask him where he sees himself after 20 years down the line... \"More matured as an actor,\" he says agreeing that he indeed has conceived a picture of his future and just when you think that's all, Prateik adds unpretentiously but strongly, \"And also a better human.\"Prateik isn't particularly a celebrity, at least by behaviour. If any actor is apt for representing current youth - with his fears, uneasiness while facing media, indecisiveness, willingness to find his mark and work hardest towards it, honesty in conduct - Prateik, if you have met him, will feel the right choice amongst all his counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12053230", "title": "Quran row: Afghan ministers cancel US trip as violence flares", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Afghan ministers of defence and interior have cancelled their scheduled visit to the US this week to focus on controlling the spiralling tensions back home in the wake of the burning of Qurans at a US-run military base.The Pentagon said in view of the recent developments in the country, particularly the killing of American servicemen last week, the senior officials have cancelled their trip.\"Senior Afghan officials, including the defence and interior ministers, are consulting this week with others in the Afghan government and Afghan religious leaders on how to protect ISAF personnel and quell violence in the country,\" Pentagon Press Secretary, George Little , said.The incident of the burning of the holy book by NATO personnel at the Bagram airbase sparked widespread protest and violence in Afghanistan, resulting in over 30 deaths.NATO pulled all its staff out of Afghan government ministries on Saturday after two US military advisors were shot dead in the interior ministry, in an attack claimed by the Taliban.Several Afghan protesters have died in police firing since the protests broke out.\"The (Defence) Secretary understands why that's a priority and why they are unable to travel to Washington in the coming days. He looks forward to hosting them at the Pentagon in the near future,\" Little said.The two Afghan ministers were scheduled to meet Defence Secretary, Leon Panetta , here on March 1.On Saturday a UN compound came under attack as thousands of demonstrators assembled around it in Kunduz province, but they were driven back when police fired into the crowd.The incident at the US-run military base forced a series of American officials, including US President Barack Obama to apologise to the Afghan people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12050633", "title": "Soji, Thara win Calicut marathon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The third edition of the Calicut mini marathon under the aegis of Thantedam Gender Fest was held here on Sunday.Soji Mathew (Indian Railways), Anil G Pawar (Indian Navy), and Raman Yadav (UP) bagged first three prizes in the 10km men's category. In the 10km women's category M D Thara (athlete), V V Shoba (Palakkad), and Danimol Thomas (Thrissur Vimala College) won the first three prizes.Other awards presented during the ceremony included the best college trophy to NIT Calicut, young woman achiever award to M P Fasna (Malabar Christian College) and Netha Hussain (Kozhikode Medical College), and promising young woman award to Archana Karunan (NIT-C) and K Nimmi Vadavyasa (Institute of Technology, Karad).The event was attended actor and director Revathy. Others who attended the function include minister for social welfare and pancahyats M K Muneer, district collector P B Salim, commissioner of police G Sparjan Kumar, and actor Jishnu Raghavan, director of social welfare department M S Jaya, special officer of Thantedam Gender Park Mohan Kumar, general convener of the fest Noorbina Rashid, executive director of Kerala Social Security Mission T P Ashraf, regional director of Kerala Social Security Mission T K Younus, Kozhikode District Sports Council president K J Mathai, and secretary of Kozhikode District Sports Council P B Anitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049854", "title": "EVMs are safe, say Election Commission observers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Twenty-four hours after water from an overhead tank flooded a building where electronic voting machines for two constituencies of Lucknow are kept, the Election Commission observers and candidates confirmed there was no damage to the EVMs.EC observers Arvinder Singh and Ashim Khurana conducted a detailed assessment of the building on Sunday morning. The candidates of the two affected constituencies, Sarojininagar and Mohanlalganj, were asked to remain present when the seals of the strongrooms were broken on Sunday evening. \"We've had a look at the place. We've also spoken to the candidates and the BSP agent who was present,\" Khurana told TOI, adding, \"They wanted to know whether the EVMs were safe. Prima facie, there doesn't seem to be much. That was our assessment. But the point was that the rooms were still locked. So we wanted to satisfy the candidates that all is well.''In accordance with EC guidelines, the entire proceeding - from breaking the seal, candidates' inspection of EVMs and resealing of the strong room - was video taped. Khurana said Sarojininagar EVMs were stored in two rooms on the ground floor. Although a small puddle was noticed outside one, both the rooms were opened to candidates in assure them there was no damage.\"Everything was done in a transparent and objective manner, in conformity with the EC directives,'' said Khurana.Candidates who inspected the strong rooms said they were satisfied. Congress's Gaurav Chaudhary said, \"Although there were wet patches, the EVMs were safe. We could see dampness in the room, but I don't think there is any need to ask for a re-poll. We hope though the district administration would be more careful in future.''There was panic on Saturday after water from an overhead tank flooded the room where EVMs for two constituencies were stored after February 19 polling.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050399", "title": "KCR launches tirade against Chandrababu \r Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu launched a broadside against Telangana Rashtra Samithi president K Chandrasekhara Rao, the latter reacted sharply to the criticism and cautioned him to refrain from making baseless allegations.Addressing a press conference on Sunday, Rao asked the TDP chief to quit the post if he cannot prove the allegations that he owned 70 acre land. \"I own 24 acres. If I own such large tracts of land, it should reflect in government records,\" he said.Dishing out photostat copies of the sale deed of TDP chief's Jubilee Hills residence, he asked how could Naidu's mother, who owned a 2-acre farm land in Kuppam, afford to pay Rs 50 lakh for Naidu's residence and how she could give a gift deed of a plot worth Rs 19.5 lakh to her grandson Lokesh in Jubilee Hills. \"He also owes an explanation to the people of the state about the source of funding for his son's education in Stanford University .\" Rao asked.Showering expletives on Naidu, Rao asked whether the TDP chief was man enough to protect the state. \"Naidu's dream of keeping the state unified will not come true. We will ensure Telangana after April. The region will see another uprising,\" he said. Dismissing Naidu's statements that the by-election would be TRS' last election, Rao said people would teach TDP a befitting lesson and bury it for good. He said people of Telangana had already resolved not to allow Naidu in the region. \"If he dares to visit the region, he will be hounded out. If Naidu does not leave behind his habit of making baseless allegations, our party will ensure that posters come up in every village of Telangana region highlighting his misdeeds. He has no right to question my integrity.\"I am committed to the cause and our party will be completing 11 years of struggle this year. He owes an explanation to the people as to why he prevented the CM's Office from being brought under the purview of Lok Ayukta in the state. He would have been in jail by now for the hundreds of misdeeds he had done all through his political career,\" he pointed out.Rao said his party would continue to release relevant material against Naidu over the next few days to highlight the dark side of Naidu.\"There seem to be lot of plots in the name of his wife. We will come out with more information on it,\" he said.Rao asked Naidu to explain about the secret one-hour meeting he had with Union home minister P Chidambaram at TDP MP Sujana Choudary's guest house in New Delhi.The TRS chief said his party was exploring options to campaign in the by-elections in Kovvur (Nellore disrtict). \"We will discuss the matter and keep you posted on the developments,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12054046", "title": "Rupee snaps three-day winning spree vs dollar, drops by 12 paise", "text": "MUMBAI: The rupee fell by 12 paise to 49.05 against the US currency in late morning trade due to month-end dollar demand from importers.The rupee resumed lower at 48.97/98 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market as against the last weekend's level of 48.93/94 per dollar. It declined further to 49.05 per dollar before quoting at 49.01/02 at 1030 hrs.The domestic currency hovered in a range of 48.94 per dollar and 49.05 per dollar during the morning deals.Month-end dollar demand from importers mainly oil refiners affected the rupee value against the dollar, a dealer said.Meanwhile, oil prices were lower in Asian trade today as traders took profits from last week's gains, while concerns over crude producer Iran's nuclear programme remain, analysts said. New York's main contract, light sweet crude for delivery in April, shed 23 cents to USD 109.54 in morning trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12055252", "title": "TDP forces AP House adjournment over liquor kickbacks issue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Assembly could not transact any real business today as main opposition Telugu Desam Party stalled the proceedings demanding that ministers who received kickbacks from the liquor syndicates be sacked from the Cabinet immediately, forcing adjournment of the House for the day.Unsatisfied with the government's reply to a marathon debate on the liquor syndicates issue in the House on Friday, the TDP MLAs stormed the Speaker's podium when the House assembled this morning and raised slogans demanding sacking of tainted ministers. They wanted the debate on the controversial issue to be continued even today.Two adjournments, each for half an hour, did not bring order in the House as the TDP legislators remained firm on their demands forcing Speaker Nadendla Manohar to eventually adjourn the House for the day.The TDP demanded a judicial inquiry into the liquor syndicates' affairs besides tabling of the Anti-Corruption Bureau report in the Assembly.Right from the start of the day's proceedings, the TDP members surrounded the Speaker's podium, holding placards and raising slogans seeking dismissal of tainted ministers from the Cabinet.The Speaker repeatedly said the TDP members could raise the issue in a different form as the House already debated it for nine hours on Friday.Legislative Affairs Minister D Sridhar Babu too made a similar appeal and asked the TDP members not to stall the House.But the TDP legislators did not relent, leading to the first adjournment for half an hour.Noisy scenes continued when the House re-assembly after about 70 minutes as the opposition legislators remained in the Well of the House, holding placards and raising slogans on their demands. They alleged that the Chief Minister was shielding the ministers who received kickbacks from the liquor syndicates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12051207", "title": "Divorce could be in women's genes", "text": "LONDON: Women, please note - men may not be always at fault in a divorce. The chances of a successful marriage also depends on a female's genetic make-up , so says a new study. This is after researchers at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden claim to have for the first time identified a female \"divorce gene\" that can predict a rocky marriage and identify women who may struggle to commit to their partner.Women who inherit the variation of a common gene are less likely to get married in the first place, as they find it harder to bond with other people, the 'Daily Mail' reported. But if they do marry , they are 50% more likely to report a troubled relationship filled with marital strife. Perhaps unsurprisingly , partners of women with the gene are also more likely to report being unhappy, says the study. According to the researchers , the gene affects how women process the \"cuddle hormone\" oxytocin , which is known to promote feelings of love and maternal affection. Women produce oxytocin naturally, during childbirth and while breastfeeding.'Intelligence not linked to genes'Scientists at Harvard University have claimed that most of the genes believed to be linked to intelligence may probably not be related to the trait at all. In their research, the scientists found that in nearly every case, the hypothesized genetic pathway failed to replicate. In other words, intelligence could not be linked to the specific genes that were tested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056907", "title": "Celeb body parts on Twitter", "text": "Pippa's bottom but isn't the only celebrity this side of weird. Ever since the royal wedding, not just the Brits but the entire world went gaga over the younger Middleton's rear.Not only were there lengthy editorials written on how attain that curved perfection but even an entire Facebook page. But now that bottom has strict competition from Angelina Jolie's leg.The 84th Academy Awards may have been a snore, but they also introduced us to Angie's shapely right leg.Angelina Jolie's dramatic dress with a risque thigh-high split caused quite a stir on Twitter and had the Hollywood diva trending all through the Oscars. Midway through the ceremony, her leg even aquired it's own Twitter account - @AngiesRightLeg .With several insightful tweets like, \"Look at me I'm a leg!\" and \"Don't forget me, I'm a leg!\", Angie's right leg has found a place in all our hearts. In fact, Angie was so proud of the limb herself, that she overdid her diva pose on the red carpet, by rotating her upper torso painfully to the left to thrust her leg out at cameras each chance she got. Best Adapted Screenplay winner Jim Rash copied this pose to perfection after accepting his award.Other celeb body parts on Twitter include Beyonce's hair weave, 50 Cent's Arm, LeBronsHairLine, Aliciakeyszit and Drake's Knee.So ladies and gentleman, if you've ever felt like chatting up with your favourite celeb's favourite body part, now's the time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12051619", "title": "Fire engulfs godown, Rs 15 lakh worth waste cotton gutted", "text": "COIMBATORE: A godown stocking waste cotton was gutted in a fire near Tidal Park at Peelamedu on Sunday morning.Traffic was halted in the area for four hours and people in the neighbourhood had trouble breathing. The private firm has claimed that waste cotton worth Rs 15 lakh was gutted in the incident.The private firm had been collecting waste cotton from Somanur, Tirunelveli, Kovilpatti and other parts of the state, storing it in their warehouse at Thanneerpanthal Road near Peelamedu.On Sunday, around 10.45am, the fire spread from grassy land near the railway track to the warehouse. The locals informed the employees of the private firm who attempted to douse the fire but in vain.They immediately alerted fire and rescue services and police. Three fire fighting vehicles reached the spot immediately and additional deputy commissioner of police P Sundaravadivel and Peelamedu police inspector R Jeevanandam rushed to the spot. Before the fire fighters could reach the spot, the fire had spread through the entire warehouse.The police blocked Thanneerpanthal Road till the fire was doused and diverted the traffic through Tidal Park Road.The fire was doused around 3pm. Police said the warehouse belonged to B Sunil (40) of Kaveri Nagar near Vilankurichi in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048961", "title": "Jats of four districts to sit-in near railway tracks today", "text": "JAIPUR: Jat community members of four districts - Dholpur, Alwar, Bharatpur and Karuali - which is not included in Other Backward Classes (OBC) category in the state will gather in their thousands for a sit-in on the railway tracks at Dhara Khedli village in Bharatpur district on Monday.Earlier, the agitating community members under the banner of Rajasthan Jat Aarakshan Aandolon had said that they will organise sit-ins at various railway stations in Alwar, Bharatpur, Karauli and Dholpur districts. However, to mobilize the community, it was decided on Sunday that rather than sitting at various parts and areas of the state, they will have a centralized sit-in at Dhara Kherli village of Bharatpur district.\"We have urged thousands of our community members to join for the sit-in dharna to compel the state government to include us in the OBC category,\" said Maha Singh Chaudhary on Sunday.Meanwhile, police in plain clothes were also camping in the area to prevent any untoward incident and said they were keeping a track on the activities of the community members.\"As per our knowledge, their number can't exceed a thousand. The situation is totally under our control and if needed, preventive measures would be taken,\" a senior police officer of the Bharatpur range said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12050974", "title": "Bollywood hits ring down the curtain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the concluding day of Rose Festival, large crowds could be seen milling around the two venues of the annual festival- Zakir Hussain Rose Garden, Sector 16 and Leisure Valley, Sector 10, Chandigarh. The aroma of the roses, beautiful fountains and the gaiety at the venues lent the entire atmosphere a magical feel.Keeping in tune with the ambience, an antakshari competition added melody to the festival, with college teams giving a tough fight to each other. The Red Rose team of Government College for Girls bagged the first prize of Rs 5,000 followed by White Rose team which received Rs 4,000, the Pink Rose team, which bagged third prize Rs 3,000 and Yellow Rose team at the fourth position received Rs 2,000.An 'on the spot painting competition' was organized to let children explore their talent. More than 500 kids participated to showcase their artistic work which was judged by a team of eminent artists.The Leisure Valley remained the hub of all entertainment and activities, where 'Citco Da Vehra', a designated spot for food lovers and the stalls set up by Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management attracted many visitors, who couldn't resist tasting various cuisines available at reasonable rates. The other food stalls too served mouth watering delicacies. \"Saag and makki ki roti was just amazing and the villagea??like ambience of the dining area added to its flavour,\" said Krishan Bharrdwaj, a sector 46 resident.The camel ride was yet another attractive feature at the festival. Simrita Rahi of Sector 15 said she loved it for it gave a royal feel when heads turned to watch her. Many other stalls such as those of artificial flowers, eco-friendly herbs and plants attracted visitors.Bollywood singer Abhijit Bhattacharya enthralled the audience with his famous hits in the grand finale to the Rose Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050837", "title": "Drop in maximum temperature in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: The maximum temperature registered a sharp decline in the state on Sunday owing to change in wind directions.Officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle said the winds have again turned northerly resulting in a drop in maximum temperature.Weathermen said Rewa and Ratlam remained the coldest in the state with recording a minimum of 10 degree Celsius on Sunday.The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 29.8 and 11.0 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 28.6 (-1) degree Celsius on Sunday against a minimum of 14.5 (+1) degrees. Similarly, 29.8 (-3) was the maximum temperature in Indore while 13.0 (+1) was the minimum there.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 27.4 (-1) and the minimum stood at 11.0 (-1). Further, the maximum and minimum temperatures around Jabalpur were 27.8 (-3) and 16.5 (+4) degrees respectively.Weathermen said similar conditions are likely to prevail for a day or two and the temperature is expected to go up after that.Max temp in 5 daysFeb 22- 35.2 degrees CFeb 23- 34.2 degrees CFeb 24- 32.9 degrees CFeb 25- 33.8 degrees CFeb 26- 28.6 degrees C", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050898", "title": "Man kidnaps boy to recover gold chain, held", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police on Saturday night arrested a man for kidnapping the son of his one-time maid. The accused, Iqbal Khan, 50, kidnapped the nine-year-old boy to recover his missing gold chain, which he suspected was stolen by the domestic help.The police arrested, Iqbal Khan, a resident of Prakash Ka Bagicha, from Karbala and freed the boy Imran. The boy's mother Nasim, a resident of Katakpura, used to work as domestic help at Khan's house until a year ago.The police informed that Khan had kidnapped Imran on February 22. The accused reportedly carried the boy to Akola and then left for Mumbai.The additional SP, Rajesh Kumar Singh, said Imran's father, Irshad, received a call from an unknown number asking for the gold chain in order to release his son. The police zeroed in on Iqbal after their investigation. The police trapped him into coming to Indore by instructing the family members to show their readiness to comply with his demand. He was subsequently arrested from Indore.The accused had threatened the family members that he would poison the boy in case they do not return the chain. The police seized a rope and two bottles of sulphas from him.The police have booked the accused under relevant sections of the IPC and have sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049917", "title": "Tension grips AG office in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Tension prevailed at the office of accountant general (AG) for the last two days. It has been decided to deploy additional force on Monday to deal with the situation.Police officials claimed on Sunday that the situation was turning to be aggressive after an FIR was lodged against employees involved in the violent agitation. On Saturday, as many as 11 employees of AG office were suspended for allegedly creating ruckus and damaging properties.On Sunday, the employees were busy in holding a series of meetings to chalk out further course of action. The Civil Lines police said that a strict vigil is being maintained and additional police force had been deployed. The AG office would be opening on Monday and corrective measures have been initiated so that no violence takes place. Senior officials of the AG office got the photographs of the damaged property clicked and videography conducted.It may be recalled that a group of employees had created ruckus at AG office on Friday when the DAG checked the attendance of the staffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12049076", "title": "Host Narendra Modi floors Pakistani scholar", "text": "VADODARA: Pakistani Islamic scholar Tahir-ul-Qadri on his first visit to Gujarat thanked chief minister Narendra Modi for the security arrangements provided to him.Qadri, known for his strong views against terrorism and extremism, however, refused to comment on 2002 communal riots. Qadri has been in Gujarat since Friday night to lay foundation stone of India headquarters of Minhaj-ul-Quran International in Karjan on Saturday evening.Speaking to reporters ahead of the function in Karjan, he said he did not have knowledge of India's provincial states and its political leaders.\"But it is my first visit to Gujarat and special Z-plus security arrangements have been made by the state. I thank the CM for this,\" he said. On repeated questions about the 2002 communal riots, Qadri insisted he did not come to Gujarat to speak about specific incidents, but termed them as unfortunate.\"My talk in letter and spirit is just for peace and harmony. Violence at any place, killing of mankind should be condemned, but I de-link it with the events ( Godhra riots) you are referring to,\" he said. He also drew parallels between Quran and Bhagwad Gita.Qadri struck a local chord immediately. \" Tamam Gujarati mate dua karu chu. Khushal raho, hali mali ne raho. (I am praying for all Gujaratis. Live in prosperity and live in harmony),\" he said.Qadri said nobody can rectify whatever has happened in the past. \"Nobody can regenerate or recreate past, but efforts should be made to prevent such events in future. The only way is to look for a better future, create an atmosphere of togetherness for which mutual tolerance is necessary,\" he said, stressing that his efforts are for inter-faith, inter-cultural harmony at global level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049910", "title": "Students take out social awareness rally", "text": "Awareness about pollution-free environment, adult education, literacy, sarva siksha (education to all) and Ganga cleaning campaign was taken out by the students of Shree Harsh Savitri Sanskrit College, Daraganj.The students were carrying banners and posters, with an intention to make people aware about burning issues like pollution and cleaning of the Ganga.The rally started from Daraganj and passed through Nirala Chowk, Bakshi Road and Phulwaria Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053621", "title": "Santosh Sivan to direct Vijay?", "text": "Vijay seems to have developed a special rapport with ace cinematographer Santosh Sivan.The star is reportedly in awe with the cinematographer's skills in handling the camera and his sound knowledge in directing films.It may be mentioned here that Santosh Sivan had directed the critically acclaimed Malayalam film Urumi which was also released in Tamil. Apart from Urumi, Santosh has several other films to his credit. Sources say that Vijay wants to work with Santosh Sivan and has asked him to get a story ready for him. It is said that Santosh may have an offbeat film for Vijay.The project may start rolling only after Thuppaki is safely wrapped up and ready for release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049239", "title": "No clamp or pillar to back wall: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rampant illegal construction in the capital has continued to claim lives but Delhiites seem to have learnt few lessons. At Chhatarpur Extension where four children died in a wall collapse on Sunday, residents say the entire building came up in two months and alleged that it was only possible with a strong nexus between builders, land-owners and police.The builder and the contractor had not even followed norms and had used substandard material for the construction, police sources said. An engineer who stays there also suspected the same. The cops collected samples of the cement mixture from the spot.Experts claimed that as the wall was being erected without any pillar support, the hold was weak. \"You can see how they had just piled up brick upon brick without any clamp support or a pillar. The material used must be of poor quality that was why the wall collapsed,\" the engineer said on condition of anonymity.\"We never came out in the open as it was an unauthorized colony and we did not want to get in trouble with the builder mafia. But this has begun to cost lives and we will fight against it,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049757", "title": "\u2018Shock-wells\u2019 to help recharge water table", "text": "GURGAON: The city's dependence on groundwater to meet its daily demand has prompted the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) to dig 'shock-wells' in parks, green belts and community buildings in the city. These wells will collect the run-off rainwater and will help recharge the water table.A HUDA spokesman said that the decision taken recently would be implemented in the entire city. He said that as per the laid norms, it is mandatory for the buildings having rooftop area of 100 square metres or more to have a rainwater harvesting structure. This is a pre-requisite condition before getting a completion certificate from the development authority. \"Now, HUDA is enforcing this strictly in its area and no completion certificate is given for new constructions if there is no water harvesting system. Even after issuing the certificate, if any house owner violates the provisions and sandfills the harvesting bore, then the completion certificate can be withdrawn,\" an official statement said.Moreover, to curb the use of tubewells in the entire district, the administration has issued a new guideline. A government official said that as per the directions of the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA), new tubewells in the extended area of Gurgaon district including rural areas of Pataudi, Farukhnagar and Sohna will be registered only in those cases where these tubewells would be used either for agricultural purposes or for meeting domestic requirements.Using tubewell water for commercial purposes has been stopped. This has been done since the CGWA has banned such a practice, declaring Gurgaon district as a dark zone for extracting ground water.He clarified that no new tubewell would be registered in the old area and it was mandatory for the existing tubewells to have water meters installed so that an analysis of ground water extraction can be done. Even the new tubewells which will be registered should have water meters.The official said that district administration has urged the CGWA to reassess the ground water table in Gurgaon and also the harvesting design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050441", "title": "Defence Security Corps celebrates 65th Raising Day", "text": "KOCHI: Defence Security Corps (DSC), based at naval base, Kochi, celebrated the 65th Raising Day of the Force on Saturday.Rear admiral Sudarshan Shrikhande, chief of staff of Southern Naval Command inaugurated the celebrations.Speaking on the occasion, the rear admiral, acknowledged the yeomen services rendered by the DSC as they guard the high security defence establishment round the clock.He also reiterated that notwithstanding the advent of surveillance technology, the vigilant pair of eyes and the strong hands of the DSC will remain the backbone of security for armed forces bases.The DSC, with about 31,000 personnel, provides security for Defence Ministry sites. DSC functions under the Ministry of Defence and is comprised of ex-service men.The DSC centre at Kannur is the mother depot of all DSC platoons in the country.The centre imparts training and recruits ex-service personnel of the Army, Navy and Territorial Army.At Kochi, the DSC platoons are based at INS Venduruthy, INS Garuda, NPOL and NAD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12049478", "title": "CAG slams Haryana for not spending on workers\u2019 welfare", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has slammed the Haryana government for not spending money to the tune of Rs 376.98 crore on the welfare of building and other construction workers with funds remaining unutilized.In its latest report, which was tabled in Haryana assembly for 2010-11, CAG rapped the state authority for not achieving the objective of regulating the employment and service conditions of building and other construction workers.In its audit finding, the government auditor found that the Haryana Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board (HBOCWWB) had received an amount of Rs 383.70 crore from government departments and public sector undertakings as proceeds of cess during 2007 till February 2011. However, the department spent a meager sum of Rs 5.62 crore on welfare schemes while the balance amount of Rs 376.98 crore besides interest of Rs 17.24 crore earned on bank deposits during 2007-10 was lying unutilized in the banks, the report said.After being pointed out, Haryana's labour and employment department reasoned that the beneficiaries were not coming forward because most of construction workers belonged to other states who went back to their native places once work was complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050854", "title": "New body to expedite utilization of CMRDS funds", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government plans to utilize a major chunk of Rs 325 crore allocated to it in 2011-12 under Chief Minister Regional Development Scheme (CMRDS) by May-June this year. This was stated by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi after a meeting of the Patna District Selection Committee of CMRDS here on Sunday.Attributing the delay in utilization of CMRDS funds to lack of administrative infrastructure, Modi said that the state government has now put in place a regional engineering organization for the purpose.Briefing mediapersons after the meeting, Modi said that it was not necessary that development funds allocated in a financial year should not be utilized over the next fiscal year. There were no guidelines for utilization of development funds in the same financial year and as such these funds did not lapse at all, Modi said and added that funds under MPLAD, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY), Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) and National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) can be utilized over two years after allotment. In case of IAY, NRHM and SSA, the state government is likely to receive 60 percent amount under these schemes by March this year and the guideline clearly specified that these funds could be used over the next year, Modi said.Modi said that CMRDS was launched by the state government last year after scrapping MLA/MLC Local Area Development Fund to undertake development works like construction of panchayat bhawans, storage, community buildings, bazar/haat and lanes. The legislators had, however, been given due importance under the scheme and their recommendations for development works in their areas was given consideration, Modi said.The deputy CM, who is also the chairperson of District Selection Committee, said Rs 18.72 crore has been sanctioned for development works in Patna district under CMRDS.Prominent among those who were present at the meeting included road construction minister Nandkishore Yadav, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, Arun Kumar Sinha, Nitin Naveen, Bhai Virendra, Anirudh Kumar, Gyanendra Kumar Singh Gyanu, Anil Kumar , Poonam Devi, Asha Devi, Usha Vidyarthi, all MLAs, Kameshwar Chaupal, Neeraj Kumar, Balmiki Singh, Dr Jyoti, all MLCs, Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh and deputy development commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12050711", "title": "Metroman finds monorail project in Kozhikode 'practical'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The monorail project in city got a shot in the arm on Sunday when E Sreedharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, visited the project sites and termed the project as viable and practical.He visited the route proposed for the first phase of the project from government medical college to Meechanda. Sreedharan was accompanied by the State Road Fund Board chief executive officer P C Harikesh and general manager Sudarsan Pillai, public works department secretary Manoj Joshi and district collector, P B Salim.The team visited the stops in the first phase of project including medical college, Chevayoor, Kottuli, Mofussil bus stand, Manamchira, Palayam, Link Road, Kalllayi, Panniyankara, Meenchanta and Vattakkinar. The team will visit places from Elathur to Karipur on Monday.Sreedharan asked the road fund officials to conduct a detailed study after making a few changes in the alignment due to the presence of Thondayad flyover and other structures in the route.The former managing director of DMRC will discuss the project with V K Ebrahim Kunju, minister for public works, on the funding of the project and period of completion on Monday. Sreedharan said after meeting the minister he would decide on taking up the advisor's role of the project.The project report of monorail was prepared by the Bangalore-based Wilbur Smith Associates. The project planned in two phases, with an investment of Rs 970 crore, will cover the distance from Medical College to Meenchanda in the first phase and from there to airport in the second phase.Earlier in the morning, Sreedharan, who arrived in the city by train from Thiruvananthapuram, held discussions with Dr M K Muneer, minister for social welfare and panchayats, and M K Raghavan, MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12051186", "title": "Overeating can also lead to memory loss", "text": "WASHINGTON: Overeating has been linked to a host of health hazards like high blood pressure , diabetes and stroke. Conditions such as memory loss, dementia and even Alzheimer's may also be added to the list soon, according to a new study. Preliminary findings of a study on aging conducted by the Mayo Clinic indicate that overeating may greatly increase risk of memory loss for elderly people.The results found a correlation between caloric intake in the elderly and the onset of mild cognitive impairment (MCI) - the stage between normal age-related memory loss and early Alzheimer's disease. In 2006, the Mayo Clinic chose a random sample of 1,233 people in Minnesota , aged between 70 and 89 years, with none previously diagnosed with dementia. They asked the participants to fill out a questionnaire describing their diets over the previous year.On the basis of their answers, the researchers grouped the participants into three categories: those whose daily caloric consumption was between 600 and 1,526 calories; between 1,526 and 2,143; and between 2,143 and 6,000.Each participant then underwent a series of MRI brain scans and cognitive tests. Correlating caloric intake with test performance , the researchers found the odds of having MCI more than doubled for those in the highest calorie-consuming group.\"With MCI, the person is not demented. But when you test them on certain memory tests, they do poorlyas compared to their age, education and sex-matched peers,\" study author Yonas Geda was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12056366", "title": "Police constables 'revolt' against seniors when stopped from 'gambling' on duty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Several senior police officers were injured when scores of police constables went on rampage at Hathras in Mahamaya Nagar district on Monday afternoon. The constables blocked the NH93 highway, damaged vehicles and roughed up commoners and journalists.According to police sources in Lucknow, a few constables reportedly attacked senior officers when taken to task for gambling outside the room where Electronic Voting Machines(EVMs) were kept in Mayamayanagar district. The constables were deployed for security of EVMs to be taken to various polling booths for voting on Tuesday. Drivers of buses for transportation of EVMs and polling parties were also said to be gambling with the constable. The latter entered into a verbal duel when reprimanded by circle officer of the area Jagat Ram Joshi and additional superintendent of police (ASP) Ashok Shukla. The situation turned ugly when constables assaulted Joshi and Shukla.As the news split, other constables in the area joined their colleagues who confronted with seniors. They denied gambling charges and said that they were only playing cards to pass free time. They alleged that the ASP slapped them first. They also want lodging of an FIR against the ASP. However, when their demands were not met, the constables went on rampage and blocked the highway (NH 93) which connects Aligarh to Agra, leading to massive traffic jam. Angry constables also thrashed circle officer Joshi, who was rushed to hospital with head injuries. Deputy inspector general of police, Aligarh division, and commissioner, Aligarh, have rushed to the spot to pacify constables.The election related work has also come to standstill because of the agitation. The number of agitating constable is said to be around 250. The state administration has removed the ASP, who was accused of slapping constable, and attached him with the office of the director general of police. Senior officers said that their first priority is to pacify constables and start preparation for elections. Umesh Sinha, chief electoral officer, said that he has ordered an inquiry into the matter. He said that action will be taken against officers and police personnel responsible for the problem. But, he added, at this hour his only priority is to resolve the crisis and ensure peaceful polling.Further, last month the state witnessed an ugle spat between IAS and IPS officers. The IPS association demanded removal of IAS officer Basti division commissioner Anurag Srivastava for allegedly 'misbehaving' with Siddhartanagar Superintendent of Police Mohit Gupta during an election related meeting of officials. The IAS officer reportedly showed the door to the SP and made some derogatory remarks. Gupta, after being humiliated, sought the help of the UP IPS Officers' Association, which demanded the immediate transfer of the bureaucrat. The state government had then set up a committee to probe the incident. However, no action has been taken thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12051159", "title": "At 54.6cm, Nepalese man is shortest ever", "text": "KATHMANDU: A Nepalese man was declared the shortest person ever with a height of 21.5 inches (54.60cm), beating the previous record of 22.5 inches (57 cm) held by Gul Mohammed of India.Chandra Bahadur Dangi, 72, was also declared the world's shortest living man on Sunday by Guinness World Record after taking his standing height three times over the last 24 hours. Jurney Balawing from Philippines , who is 23.5 inches (59.93 cm), was the previous shortest living man. \"I am happy to get the title,\" Dangi said after he was awarded the two Guinness certificates.Dangi also holds the distinction of the oldest man measured ever, according to Guinness official Craig Glenday , who flew from London for the measurement.His citizenship paper records him to be 72 years old, but the Guinness official said that it was impossible to verify that. \"It is unlikely that he is not 72 because of his bone density,\" he added. Dangi was measured by two medical experts but it is unclear what kind of dwarfism he suffers from, Glenday said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050193", "title": "Only 93 cents land missing from Cusat: Survey dept", "text": "KOCHI: Only 93 cents of land is missing from Cusat. The allegation that five acres is missing is wrong, as per the affidavit that the Survey and Land Records Department submitted to the high court. The department said, the missing land cannot be claimed back as the measurement records are unavailable.The affidavit was filed on the basis of a court directive, after Girish Babu of Kalamassery said in a petition that five acres was missing and hence a resurvey should be ordered.The survey department said, a survey was conducted in the presence of university officials in 2008, and the area measured 182 acres and 43 cents. The difference of 93 cents was less than 1% of the total area, much within allowable limits. According to the petition, 183.47 acres was handed over to Cusat by Kerala University in 1971. In a resurvey in 1996, it was found that there was only 178.55 acres, the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049234", "title": "10k voters' names deleted from list", "text": "BANGALORE: Sixty-two-year-old BA Jayakumar has been a resident of Gandhinagar for decades and lives opposite the Government Boys and Girls' High School. A booth was set up here for bypolls from Gandhinagar ward to BBMP council on Sunday.The first thing that Jayakumar did on Sunday was to rush to the booth and cast his vote. But to his utter dismay, his name just did not figure in the voters' list. Jayakumar's plight was not a solitary case. Many residents in the area could not exercise their franchise.The bypolls recorded a 47.15% voter turnout with 11,718 of the 24,851-strong electorate casting their votes. Complaints that names were deleted from voters' list was a common link that bound the 30 booths set up for the bypolls. Almost all party leaders were worried about the consequences of such an error.The total number of names deleted from the voters' list has been put over 10,000.\"Two years ago when the BBMP elections took place, the total number of voters in the ward was over 35,000. It is 24,851 voters this time. But the actual number of voters is more than that. We knew about the arbitrary deletion of voters' names and had helped 750 voters to file fresh applications a month ago. Of them, only 55 got their names included in the list. Officials have blindly deleted the names of genuine voters, whereas names of persons who have died remain untouched,\" Dinesh Gundu Rao, MLA, Gandhinagar told TOI.A month ago, BBMP had deleted 14 lakh names from the voters' list as those voters had failed to submit their photographs, despite repeated notifications.\"The public wakes up only on the day of voting. Corrections and additions to the voters' list is an ongoing process. Genuine voters who had their names deleted can apply afresh,\" said BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda.Seetha BS, 61, a Gandhinagar resident, had another serious grouse: \"I have remained as a spinster all my life but the voter's ID card shows my husband's name as B S Prabhakar, who in fact is my sibling. Why are officials mindless when they process our applications? How can they change what we have filled in the application form and commit such mistakes?\" she said.Vote counting is scheduled for February 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12048987", "title": "Blood donation drive every month at district hospital", "text": "NOIDA: The city's first government multispecialty hospital has decided to hold blood donation camps on a monthly basis so that there is enough reserve supply to meet the needs of patients in the district. The Ambedkar hospital caters to over 4,000 patients daily and the blood bank caters to not only the needs of those living in Noida, but also Ghaziabad and Greater Noida.The hospital launched a full-fledged blood bank in February. This is the city's first government operated blood bank and hospital officials had initiated a massive blood donation camp in the hospital earlier this month. Following the success of the blood donation camp, hospital officials explained that organizing such camps on a monthly basis would ensure that there is no shortage of blood.\"We will organise these camps outside the hospital premises from next month onwards and will collect only the amount of blood that can be consumed within 35 days,\" said Meena Mishra, CMS, Ambedkar Hospital. \"It's a 100% free drive that will cater to everyone in the district and greatly help in strengthening the healthcare in the city,\" added Mishra.The blood bank will initially have a storage capacity for 300 bottles. To become fully open to the public, the blood gathered during the donation drive will be processed before storing. Currently, the hospital is only licensed for whole blood transfusion procedure. Officials said that they will be applying for the license for blood-component transfusion soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12051686", "title": "Now, implement power holidays: Industry", "text": "MADURAI: The announcement of power holidays for industries has been welcomed by industries in the southern districts, but domestic customers expressed that they had seen a series of similar announcements in the past one month without any implementation.S Renthinavelu, senior president of the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI), one of the first to put forth the idea of power holidays for industries welcomed the government announcement. \"We understand that there is a shortage of 3,000 MW to 4,000 MW, but the system of power holidays will help the plastic and rubber industries, which are totally dependent on power, to plan their work,\" he said. The industries will comply with the power holiday and not draw power even if the power is not shutdown. \"But, it is a must that the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) sticks to its timings and does not make it erratic,\" he said.Rethinavelu also says that the government should provide relief from the peak hour restriction of four hours from 6 pm to 10 pm to the small scale industries, which are already reeling under heavy loss due to the power problem. \"They are not able to rent out generators. A unit works up to Rs 15 and using generators for eight hours is far beyond their ability and only will add to their woes in this crisis period,\" he added.T Shanmugaraja, who owns a plastic unit says the entire problem had become unmanageable for small scale industries like his. \"We will only know the outcome after we have a scheduled power cut for at least one month,\" he said. \"In the last few months, I have been paying more than my net profit towards electricity,\" he said.A Devika, a housewife, says her entire neighbourhood did not believe the scheduled power cuts of TANGEDCO would be implemented. \"The shutdowns are erratic and the only people happy with it are the thieves, who are on the prowl during the late night power cuts,\" she said.Founder of Madurai Corporation All Teachers Mandram, M Namachivayam, said the chief minister's announcement allowing schools to rent generators is a welcome move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049506", "title": "New DDA policy to rein in tent mafia", "text": "NEW DELHI: To rein in the growing tent mafia in the city, DDA is now thinking of 'striking a deal' with them. The committee working on devising a new policy for booking of DDA sites for social functions has suggested that these venues should be auctioned to the tent owners for a fixed number of days. So when an individual books a site with DDA, he may also have an option to hire the tentwallah available for that site. Officials believe this will end the secret nexus between tent owners and DDA insiders and also break their monopoly. Sources say the suggestions of the committee have already been sent to the lieutenant governor who has asked the committee to re-look into the base price to be fixed for the auction.DDA had set up this committee last May after it received several complaints against tent owners who make proxy bookings for different dates to keep the site occupied for longer than allowed. They set up thematic pandals with huge fixtures which are used for multiple weddings throughout the wedding season. Often these pandals are not brought down even after the season is over with DDA land staying encroached.TOI had also reported on November 3 last year how such tents had come up everywhere in the city and users had to pay in lakhs to the tent owners and not DDA for a booking. Some tent owners demanded as much as Rs 10 lakh for the pandal, bouncers, valet parking and DDA's permission. In theory, however, an individual can book a site for anything between Rs 25,000 and Rs 60,000 and hire a tentwallah as per his budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "12051486", "title": "Wine lovers get a taste of the exotic", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Omar Khayyam once famously remarked, \"A loaf of bread, a jug of wine, and thou.\" And on the very same lines of the polymath, Bistro 226 organized a wine tasting session for all the wine lovers in the city. The session had four types of red wine, Sula red Zinfandel, Sula Cabernet Shiraz, Sula Rasa (2010) and Sula Seco.\"I want wine lovers to taste some of these wines that are not easily available in the market,\" said an upbeat Brig S S Gill, who had organized the session. There were even breads and dishes like chicken tartles, cheese board and parma ham to go with the particular type of wine. Natasha Uppal has been a regular wine drinker and doesn't miss an opportunity when it comes to tasting wines.Natasha Uppal said: \"I started with white wine, then moved to sweet red and finally to the bitter red wine.\"On what suits the palate with wine, she said various breads and a lot of butter go well with red wine. When asked about her favourite wine, she said, \"Sula Rasa (2010) was good as it had a strong texture yet was smooth.\"According to Harpreet Gill, who was trying out different wines on one occasion for the first time, the Jammy Sula Red Zinfandel wine was well balanced and smooth. Wine drinking is becoming popular in families as it is nice to sit with a glass of wine and some snacks, said Harpreet.Aarti Kundra likes her wine to be a little bit on the sweeter side so that spicy food can be enjoyed with it. \"I liked the Zinfandel as it was light and went down well,\" she said.The four varieties also found an interesting admirer in Jeff, who is from the UK but has now made Ludhiana his home. \"I loved all the wines in the reverse order after tasting them. They taste great and I won't mind drinking them in any part of the world,\" he said.Wine expert and presenter Surinder Gill explained how they managed to get Sula Rasa (2010) to Punjab for the first time. \"It is actually a rarity, as it is exported and is difficult to find even in Delhi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056724", "title": "Top 10 Red Carpet looks at Oscars 2012", "text": "We list down those who charmed us with their charisma and impressed us with their sense of fashion.Oscar red carpet is something we look forward to, for the actors make sure they look their best. So who got the look right? We list down our top ten red carpet favourites at Oscars 2012.Angelina Jolie dressed to kill. Her motive was clear. She intended to wear her image: sexy! She totally rocked the hot red lipstick and sensual high slit Atelier Versace strapless velvet black gown. We just wish she would put on a little weight as the arms and legs looked painfully thin! She got the hair, makeup and gown bang on though.Gwyneth Paltrow looked ravishing in a Tom Ford all white pristine gown. The fabric and colour looked terrific on Gwyneth. Always the one to make a chic statement, we liked the nude makeup and no accessory look.Cameron Diaz brings out her bubbly personality through her dressing too. We loved her off-white strapless Gucci gown. The gown accentuated her perfect body and the blonde hair added to her youthful demeanor. The trail was lovely too.Penelope Cruz paid tribute to the classic Hollywood glamour. She looked like a princess in her Giorgio Armani grey gown.Michelle Williams should win an award for daring to play with colours. Shimmering Blue at Golden Globes and bright coral peplum dress by Louis Vuitton at the Oscars. The actress does make a statement like Marilyn Monroe ! Michelle was probably the only actress to have gone bright red on the red carpet this year.Jennifer Lopez dared to bare! JLO wore a sexy Zuhair Murad gown which went a little too deep from the front and the back. But on a body like JLO's, the outfit was just perfect!Natalie Portman looked elegant in her vintage red strapless gown. The stunning diamond neckpiece went perfectly with her understated outfit.Berenice Bejo , French actress from the film 'The Artist' wore a stunning pale green Elie Saab outfit and we loved this green more than Mila Jovovich's white single shoulder Elie Saab.Meryl Streep 's golden Lanvin dress which resembled a sari was an instant hit.The Descendants youngster Shailene Woodley looked angelic in her simple all covered White Valentino gown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12050505", "title": "Residents oppose new bar at Green Garden", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of residents' opposition against granting permission for a bar and restaurant in the Green Garden locality of Hubli, HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra on Saturday held a public hearing. Residents of Green Garden, Rajdhani Colony and Shivpur Colony, who had earlier submitted memoranda opposing the move, alleged that the bar would spoil the serene atmosphere of the residential area. Yallappa Baddi who would be running the proposed bar on behalf of Kishore Pawar, argued that permission had been sought as per the rules of the Excise Act.The commissioner wanted to know whether the premises had been identified as commercial area to which the officials clarified that it was an 'industrial area'. The commissioner posted the matter for final hearing on March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12049994", "title": "76th foundation day celebrations at UHM Hospital", "text": "KANPUR: Various colourful events like a gazal night marked the 76th foundation day function of Ursula Horsman Memorial (UHM) Hospital on Sunday.In the morning, certificates were given to doctors, pharmacists, nurses , wardboy and ayas for better services. Sweepers and class IV employees were also rewarded. In the evening, ghazals were presented by Pradeep Srivastava.The programme was inaugurated by the director general, medical health, Ramji Lal. Chief medical officer Jai Singh and district magistrate Hari Om were also present. UHM director AK Nigam apprised the audience about the facilities at the hospital. Lal said: \"Health related issues have always been on the priority of the government. He would be happy to extend a helping hand for upgradation of the health services in the city.\" Later a felicitation ceremony for the ex-employees of the hospital was organized.The bast ward, best operation theatre (OT) and best ex-doctors also got certificates. The new blood bank of UHM, general OT, ortho OT and ICU were given appreciation awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "benaulim", "code": "12049638", "title": "Shadows of two heavyweights loom large in Benaulim", "text": "BENAULIM: There is no sitting MLA in the multi-cornered contest here, but shadows of two political heavyweights loom large over the constituency with Valanka Alemao, a Congress nominee, and Caetano (Caitu) D'Silva of Goa Vikas Party (GVP) battling it out in an interesting clash.PWD minister Churchill Alemao's daughter is also facing the runner-up in 2007 polls and now Trinamool Congress candidate, John Fernandes. The three other candidates in the fray are all independents, Humberto Gomes, Subash Chodankar and Xavier George.But what adds to the intrigue of the contest is the proxy war between former Benaulim MLAs, Alemao and GVP supremo, Francisco X 'Mickky' Pacheco through their proteges, Valanka and Caitu.In the June 2007 polls, Mickky, then with the NCP, had won the elections by a modest margin of 756 votes against Save Goa Front (SGF) nominee, John Fernandes. Churchill had floated the SGF after he quit the Congress before the 2007 elections.Now, after delimitation, Benaulim has lost Utorda, Majorda and Betalbatim, which are included in Nuvem assembly segment. But Seraulim, Varca, Orlim, Carmona and Cavelossim were added to Benaulim. Mickky has now moved on to Nuvem, leaving Caitu to challenge his bete noir, Alemao's daughter.Fernandes says that he enjoys the backing of 5,000 supporters in his home ground, Colva. \"A few other factors will help me,\" he said. As he was out of SGF, the anti-Alemao camp, especially in Colva, will also form part of his support base. Further, he is not aligning with Mickky this time and this would also help, feels Fernandes.Fernandes feels that he stands a better chance as both Caitu and Valanka are new faces in the contest. However, poll analysts feel that the presence of both may actually erode his support base. \"The loss of some parts to Nuvem segment may also change the equation,\" a source said.Further, his acquittal after 15 months in custody over a rape charge by a Russian woman, coupled with the sentiment against family raj and other factors would help him, he said.Valanka played down criticism against her and her father, stating that her social work would help her. \"In elections, the 'belief and trust 'of your supporters is important,\" she said, adding that she had interacted with people from all walks of life here.Valanka's priorities are garbage management and tourism development. \"It is shocking that people in Benaulim are unaware about the plethora of government schemes,\" she added.Caitu made light of the loss of Mickky's stronghold, Betalbatim, stating that he has garnered support not just on GVP's name, but also on his 'heart to heart' contacts with the people. Further, he insisted that he has built a considerable base in Cavelossim and Carmona. Similarly, Seraulim would be new territory for Valanka.Gomes, who has been preparing for the contest for some time, believes his chances of winning are very high due to his clean image, well researched manifesto and support of the 'silent majority/locals/ngos. \"The people are fed up of family and 'goonda' raj,\" he said.Though it is a four-cornered fight, it may peter out into a closer contest between the main candidates and turn out to be a triangular clash, poll analysts say.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12051599", "title": "20-year-old classmate held for college student\u2019s suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old business management student, who was responsible for his girl friend's suicide, was arrested on Saturday night and has been lodged in Borstal School at Pollachi in Coimbatore district.The student was identified as Y Sharu alias Ashraf of Kattoor near Mettupalayam. He was studying final year BBM at Sri Krishna Arts and Science College at Sugunapuram near Kuniyamuthur. He confessed that he was friendly with his classmate K Thamaraiselvi, 20, hailing from Rathinapuri but they quarreled often. He had stopped speaking with her a week before she died.On Saturday evening, he went to a bakery near Saibaba Colony along with his friends for a cup of tea. The Rathinapuri police arrested him and he has been lodged in Borstal School at Pollachi.\"The girl had left behind a suicide note which indicated that Ashraf was responsible for her death. We have arrested the student and investigation is on,\" said inspector Velmurugan of Rathinapuri police station.On Saturday, Thamaraiselvi was found dead in a water tank at her house in Rathinapuri. She was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), where she was declared brought dead.She committed suicide by consuming poison and falling into a water tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049393", "title": "12-digit I-cards for health services in Ballabhgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has given 12-digit Identification Number (ID) to 89,000 inhabitants of Ballabhgarh in Haryana to keep track of health care services being delivered to them.The unique ID keeps a record of immunization, births and deaths among the select populace in the region where the community medicine department of the premier medical institute runs its rural health services.This 12-digit has project area (one digit), primary health care centre (one digit), village code (two digits), house number (four digits), family number (two digits) and individual number (two digits), said a senior doctor.According to Dr Sanjay Rai, associate professor with the department who is posted at Ballabhgarh, the provision of a special ID is a model project. \"This project was initiated several years ago. Now, we have connected it to our database for permanent storage of the records. Under this, a 17-digit alpha numeric code is generated on each ID to maintain the data permanently,\" said Rai.\"When a person changes his or her residence, s/he can carry the 12-digit card, but we will have the liberty to note down the new address by changing the alpha-numeric reference number available with us,\" said Rai.Doctors said that 28 villages in Ballabhgarh have been covered under the UID project. \"Our health care workers visit every house at an interval of 15 days to keep a tab on the health of each individual in every household. We know when someone misses out on an immunization programme and these workers go and remind them about it,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12050245", "title": "No sight of ore but Anrak ready to mine", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Though there are no signs of supply of bauxite ore from Visakha Agency in near future, Anrak Alumina Limited (AAL) is planning to commission its newly-built plant at Rachapalle in Makavarapalem mandal near Narsipatnam.The plant would be commissioned in May as the company was importing bauxite ore from other states. About 20,000 tonnes of bauxite ore landed in Vizag Port a couple of days back from Gujarat, sources said. The company is procuring bauxite ore from the Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation. As per the schedule operations, the refinery would start in March.Sources said Anrak is firm on going ahead with its plans to start operations despite reports of a possible cancellation of allotment of a captive jetty for the company at Rajayyapet in Nakkapalli mandal due to objections raised by the defence ministry. The company is planning to procure about one lakh tonnes of raw material before commissioning the plant. The next consignment of bauxite ore is set to come in April.Anrak is a joint venture between Penna group of industries and Ras-al-Khaimah Investment Authority, a Dubai-based firm. AAL invested more than Rs 1,000 crore in the aluminium project, which is set to cost Rs 14,000 crore. An MoU was signed in February 2007 between the state government and the government of Ras-al-Khaima to set up the aluminium plant and an aluminium smelter with 2,50,000 tonne capacity. The company has built a 90 MW captive power plant.The company is procuring bauxite ore from the Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation and the refinery would start in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12052842", "title": "His masters choice", "text": "A new study of prospective MBA students suggests growing interest in specialist Masters and less interest in the MBA. The 2010 Tomorrows MBA study found that only four percent of Indian respondents would definitely consider a specialist Masters rather than an MBA. In the same study in 2011, repeated by Carrington-Crisp, European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) and Association of Business Schools (ABS), 14% of Indians said they would consider a specialist Masters, and across the world it was as high as 28%. At the same time, GMAC reported that applications for Master of Finance programmes rose by 83%, Master in Management by 69% and Master of Accounting by 51%. So why the rising interest in specialist Masters .MBA vs Specialist MastersPart of the answer lies in the problems of the MBA rather than the attraction of the specialist Masters. The MBA jobs market has tightened in recent years, especially with declining recruitment in the financial sector. Where recruitment has continued relatively strongly, it has tended to be concentrated at the top MBA schools.On the other side, a specialist Masters will often provide skills in a specific field, making a graduate well-suited to a particular career and, more importantly, a particular vacancy. The second part of the equation is cost. It is not unheard of for an MBA at a top school to cost over 100, 000 and possibly as much as double this figure once income foregone from giving up a job is taken into account. Getting a return on such an investment again requires a highly paid job and will still take several years to break even.A specialist Masters degree has lower fees than an MBA at the same school. It may also be quicker to complete than an MBA. Even with a lower paid job on graduation, the sums add up, offering a quicker return on investment for the individual.Admissions &amp; CostThen there is the question of admissions. Getting on to an MBA degree may be harder than a specialist Masters, and there are likely to be fewer places. Combine the issue of admissions and costs, and a prospective student might decide that they had a better chance of getting on to a Masters programme at a school with a stronger reputation and at a lower cost than they would when applying for an MBA at a lesser ranked school.For new undergraduates the Masters degree can also offer a way to differentiate themselves in the labour market. In many countries the number of undergraduates has grown significantly in recent years, while jobs markets have not been strong. A one-year Masters offers a useful tool to distinguish an undergraduate in the job market, more so when most MBA degrees require work experience of several years.Maybe these Masters students will decide in a few years that they still need an MBA to make the next step up the corporate ladder. For now, they are increasingly thinking about studying finance, accounting, marketing and international management as a specialist Masters.(The writer Andrew Crisp is the co-author of the study)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12050701", "title": "Sunni meet snipes at Kanthapuram", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The 85th annual conference of the Samastha Kerala Jam-Iyyathul Ulema, which concluded at Kooriyad on Sunday, turned out to be a show of strength of the Sunni religious organization that has been in the forefront of the campaign against the rival faction led by Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musaliyar on the issue of the 'holy hair'.The conference became a platform for the Samastha leaders to mount attack on Kanthapuram, who according to them 'has become the biggest threat.' The meeting also passed a resolution against CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan's remark that hair of the Prophet was just a body waste.Thousands of people attended the concluding function on Sunday night which was inaugurated by IUML state president Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal. The traffic through the NH 17 was diverted for more than five hours. The four-day long conference was inaugurated by the district president of Indian Union Muslim League(IUML) Syed Sadiq Ali Shihab Thangal on last Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050241", "title": "Mother, daughter die in road mishap", "text": "A 28-year-old housewife and her nine-month-old daughter died in a road accident in Keesara on Sunday. The mishap occurred when the two were going to Yadgirigutta to attend a marriage.The victims were identified as Hemalata, wife of Chittibabu from Cherlapally, and her daughter Archana. On Sunday evening, Hemalata's brother Venkatesh went to Cherlapally to take his sister to a marriage at Yadgirigutta. At around 4 pm, she and her daughter started off for Yadgirigutta on Venkatesh's bike. Near the Leprosy Hospital in Keesara police limits, a truck (AP 28 T 5643) brushed past the bike and Hemalata, who was pillion riding; fell on the road along with her daughter.\"The truck brushed past the rear mud guard of the bike. Due to the impact, Venkatesh lost balance momentarily and Hemalata slipped off the seat. Both mother and daughter came under the rear wheels of the truck and died instantly,\" Keesara sub-inspector (SI) B Bhaskar said. Venkatesh escaped unhurt. Police booked a case against the truck driver under section 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and took him into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12051014", "title": "Inmates of Indore central jail try to master spoken English", "text": "INDORE: \"Hi, this is Manish Sharma, son of L N Sharma. I belong to Shivpuri and am convicted under section 364A of IPC, for kidnapping\".Don't be surprised, as this is how the inmates of central jail inIndore introduce themselves with a bit of fumbling. They have taken up a task to master the English language so as to make a decent living once they are out of prison after completing their term.The English teacher Omprakash Vishwakarma, himself a convict, has learnt the language in prison. He is now passing on his knowledge about the language to the other inmates.Interestingly, the jail authorities have also allotted a separate barrack to these inmates so that they could get more time to practise the art of spoken English.Omprakash, who is serving a life term, says, \"The session begins at 9 am and goes on until 2 pm daily. In between the classes, the inmates are given time to take rest for an hour from 11 am to 12 noon.Talking to ToI, Omprakash said that he learnt the language from Prakashchandra Maharajdin and Vikash Omprakash in jail, few years ago.According to Omprakash, almost all inmates who are participating in the class are either graduate or post-graduate. However, he is merely a higher secondary pass out belonging to Khandwa.A student of the language class, Rajesh Tawar, son of Kailashsingh Tawar, undergoing imprisonment for robbery, said he wants to master English language so that he could get a decent job once he is released.Their only complaint, inability to watch English channels on TV or access to English newspapers, is hampering them from improving their language skills.Jail superintendent, Purushottam Somkunwar told TOI, \"The jail administration is trying to create congenial environment for the inmates so that they could learn the language soon. This would help them eke out a decent living once they go outside of the jail\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/ gurgaon", "code": "12049811", "title": "Centre to decide on liquor shops\u2019 fate along NH-8 on Wednesday", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GURGAON: The fate of liquor vends operating along NH-8 is likely to be decided on Wednesday. The Union government is holding a meeting with the states on the issue months after it had shot a letter seeking response from the state governments for a proposed ban on such outlets.Drunk driving is among the top three reasons for road accidents and fatalities in the country. The Centre had earlier taken up the issue of closing liquor shops along the NH corridors in order to reduce accidents. According to the 2009 Road Accidents Report, intake of alcohol and drugs by drivers resulted in 27,152 road accidents and 9,307 fatalities. The figure increased significantly in 2010. According to the report, the number of such accidents touched 31,000 with 9,976 fatalities.In Haryana, among the major liquor consuming states despite its small geographical area, at least 365 accidents due to alcohol or drug consumption were reported in which 142 people were killed and 232 injured.The figures are far more worrying in cases of speeding. At least 2,090 people lost lives in 5,280 accidents because of speeding. Road safety experts said speeding is directly linked to alcohol consumption. Its easy availability along the NH adds to the problem.The Centre had sought opinion of the state governments on putting a blanket ban on liquor vends along NHs since a major source of revenue for the states comes from liquor sale.According to the existing norms, no liquor vend is allowed less than 150 metres of the national highways with an exception in case of the stretches falling within municipal limits.However, the norm is openly flouted with liquor shops on most of the stretches. There are several ahatas (temporary shed to drink and have food), too, just 10-25 metres from the highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12049958", "title": "Experts discuss tax related issues", "text": "KANPUR: A seminar on tax planning was organised by Central India Regional Council of the Institute of Chartered Accountant of India on Sunday. The main speaker was Girish Ahuja, a tax expert from New Delhi.The seminar was inaugurated by Vivek Khanna, chairman, central India regional council. Thereafter, the seventh annual function of central India regional council was inaugurated by exmember of ICAI Nripendra K Gupta. Central India region stood second in all India CA students quiz contest. The seminar was attended by several local chartered accountants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12050001", "title": "\u2018Holikas\u2019 blocking traffic flow", "text": "KANPUR: The heap of dried branches of trees and shrubs placed at 'chauraha' to be burnt as 'Holika' are creating hurdles in smooth flow of traffic. No barricading or radium lights have been placed to caution the commuters.Initially, the people faced dug-up roads. Then came the long marriage season. Political rallies followed suit. Now, it is the turn of 'Holikas' hit traffic.Sanjay, a resident of Rail Bazaar, said that placing of 'Holika' at the centre of the crossing makes driving a tough task. The lanes are already narrow and badly encroached. \"With heavy traffic movement and the blockade caused by 'Holika', one cannot see the vehicles approaching from the other direction, especially during nights,\" he added.The 'Holikas' have been placed by the Holi committees nearly one month back. Sonal of Kakadeo said that with only a few days left for the festival, 'Holikas' are a common sight on every crossing. \"Last year, a boy and girl got badly injured while commuting at night in my locality. The local people got no lesson from this and placed the 'Holika' at same spot,\" added Sonal.Explaining their helplessness on the issue, the traffic personnel said that they are hesitant to interfere in the religious matters, as it could hurt the religious sentiments of the people.SP (traffic) Ram Pal Gautam said, \"We cannot hurt the religious sentiments of anyone. It is practiced since ages and no one can stop it. The people should collect trees and branches for 'Holikas' at the corner of the crossings.\" Some of the 'Holikas' are placed beneath the overhead power cables and could cause damage to the wires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050490", "title": "Paediatricians to help adolescents fight malnutrition, substance abuse", "text": "NAGPUR: The city wing of the Indian Academy of Paediatricians (IAP) is working with the civic authorities to devise a plan to fight growing malnutrition and drug abuse problem in young adults. The medicos are determined to fight malnutrition of all kinds, along with habits like alcohol and drug abuse among adolescents.This announcement was made as the academy saw its new leadership takeover on Sunday. Along with the several programmes already underway through its chapter called Adolescent Health Academy, the city branch of IAP has won accolades at national level for its involvement in the many social issues that concern the youngsters.\"With the help of Nagpur Municipal Corporation, we would be postulating a mechanism to identify, categorize and curb the menace of malnutrition. This is not just a problem related to lack of food, it also encompasses eating disorders like bulimia, anaemia and other deficiencies as also insufficient nutrition due to faulty food habits,\" explained the new president of IAP Nagpur, Dr Jayant Upadhye.He informed that the data collection would be done through camps organized in schools as well as communities, also surveying the patients of all paediatricians under the fold of the organization.Dr Rajkumar Kiratkar, who is the new secretary of the academy, said a similar methodology would be used for tackling substance abuse. \"This problem can have its roots in various things like psychological deprivation, peer pressure and wrong company, among others. The way to deal with every individual would differ accordingly and we would give all possible counselling and other support that the children would need to overcome these habits,\" he said. The academy also plans to hold activities that would raise awareness about substance abuse so as to discourage those who are not hooked on to ever consider the option, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050143", "title": "Two injured in cylinder blast", "text": "VARANASI: Two women suffered burn injuries when an LPG cylinder exploded after catching fire in a house in Mohiuddinpur village under Kasimabad police station area in Ghazipur on Sunday morning. The wall and roof of the kitchen of the house also collapsed in this explosion.According to reports, Tulsi Rajbhar lives in a house with his family in Mohiuddinpur village. On Sunday morning, Sona Devi entered the kitchen to prepare breakfast when the LPG cylinder caught fire due to a leakage. She tried to extinguish the fire by spraying water. In this effort, her sari also caught fire. When she raised an alarm, an elderly woman of the family, Jonahia Devi, rushed to the kitchen but the flames gripped her too.Before other members of the family could reach the kitchen, the cylinder exploded. It led to a chaos in the nearby areas and hundreds of villagers gathered near the house of Rajbhar. The locals somehow extinguished the fire. The injured women were rushed to a hospital in Mau district where their condition was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051304", "title": "In fast lane: 10k entries in 1.5 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city grappling with traffic congestion, a total of 9,999 vehicles are set to be registered in one-and-a-half month, since January 17. Usually, it takes atleast three months for Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) to complete these many registrations. And this is also the first time that RLA has been forced to launch a new series this soon.Dealers attribute this surge to three factors - the proposal to hike road tax upto three fold, proposal to impose 80,000 tax on diesel cars and launch of new models by car manufacturers.While taking to TOI, Sukhwinder Singh, assistant general manager of city-based car agency, said, \"In the last few months, many new models of vehicles have been launched by companies to attract more buyers and talks of imposition of excise tax and increase in road tax are also making rounds. These are some crucial reasons that are driving buyers.\"\"Usually, it takes upto three or more months for these many numbers to get registered, but this time all 9,999 registration numbers of current series are going to exhaust in the first week of March. We have also started the exercise to launch new vehicle series - CH01AM,\" said an official of RLA, who declined to be named.Environment ministry had recently proposed finance ministry to impose excise tax on diesel vehicles. Simultaneously, the Centre told all the states and cities to rationalize road tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12050224", "title": "Undertrial found dead in jail", "text": "NIZAMABAD: An undertrial prisoner died in suspicious circumstances in the district jail here on Sunday evening. According to the jail authorities, Nerella Gangadhar, 42, was found hanging from a branch of a tree on the jail premises.The authorities were taking a roll call of the prisoners and found one of them missing in the barracks. After a search, Gangadhar was found hanging from the tree. Gangadhar, a native of Gupanpalli village of Nizamabad mandal, was accused of his wife Savithri's murder on October 24 last year.While his relatives demanded an enquiry into the circumstances leading to the death of Gangadhar, the prison authorities said he was depressed and was suffering from health problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12050569", "title": "Kharge asks unions to drop Feb 28 agitation plans", "text": "HUBLI: Mallikarjun Kharge , Union minister of labour and employment, has appealed to the trade unions to drop their plans of holding a nationwide strike on February 28 in the interest of the nation. Speaking after inaugurating the new building of Employees Provident Fund Organization, 'Bhavishyanidhi Bhavan' at Navanagar here on Sunday, he said, ''Our department has revived the minimum wages and amended the Industrial Disputes Act and Plantations Labour Act. National Swasthya Bima scheme has been extended to all labourers,'' he said.''We need the cooperation of unions in solving workers' problems. There is no point in observing a nationalwide strike as it causes huge loss to the exchequer. So, the union members must drop their plans to observe a strike,'' he said. Minister Jagadish Shettar, MP Pralhad Joshi, Central Provident Fund commissioner P Sudhakar Babu and MLA Chandrakanth Bellad were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12051293", "title": "Cyclist succumbs to accident injuries", "text": "MOHALI: A 27-year-old cyclist, Jatinder Kumar, of Phase-I, Mohali, died after being injured in a road accident near ISBT-43, on Sunday. Jatinder was hit by a speeding Honda Activa driven by Amandeep Singh on Saturday. He was admitted at GMCH-32 after the incident, where he succumbed to his injuries.Accused Singh was arrested but later, released on regular bail. A case was registered at police station Sector 36.Police arrest DJ Chandigarh police arrested DJ Surinder Singh for playing music after the authorized time at Rose Club, Sector 16, on Saturday night.Police said a Sector 16 resident made a police complaint claiming the DJ was playing loud music after 11pm. Singh has been released on regular bail and a case was registered at PS 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048802", "title": "Party split over Sanjay Joshi, admits Jaitley", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first since Sanjay Joshi was reinstated into BJP's organizational set-up by Nitin Gadkari , a senior leader has admitted that there were serious differences within the party on the decision.In an interview to a national TV channel, leader of opposition Arun Jaitley acknowledged that there were differences of opinion over Gadkari's decision to make Joshi in-charge of the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections given that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi did not turn up to campaign in UP, even as Gadkari was keen that he did.\"There could be differences of opinion on what responsibility should be given to a person. But this has got nothing to do with Modi not campaigning in UP elections,\" Jaitley said when asked whether Modi's decision to boycott the UP campaign stemmed from his anger with Gadkari over Joshi's appointment. Jaitley denied that Modi was upset with Gadkari about Joshi and hence did not campaign.Modi has been at loggerheads with Gadkari over the appointment of Joshi and his camp maintains that this is the reason why he didn't campaign for the BJP in UP.Admitting that Gadkari wanted Modi to campaign in UP and that \"president has the last word in our party\", Jaitley said, \"As CM, Modi has serious responsibility because elections are due in Gujarat in December this year. He is busy in preparing for elections. That might be the reason why he could not come to UP for campaigning.\"He said the Joshi issue should not be linked to elections. \"There could be many such issues on which there are two voices in the party. But as far as elections are concerned, there is no difference of opinion,\" he said.Sanjay Joshi was ousted from the party following a CD of him purportedly with a woman surfaced in December 2005 during the party's national executive in Mumbai. Joshi used to be the all-powerful general secretary (organization) in BJP's central team of office-bearers.He was also the link between RSS and BJP. Even as the RSS tried to get him back into the BJP, the party resisted it till Gadkari took over the reigns from rajnath Singh. Gadkari, who hails from Nagpur and is seen to be a Sangh favourite, finally obliged the Sangh by not just taking him back into the BJP but by putting him in charge of UP polls.Modi has been seen as opposed to Joshi and he was upset with Gadkari for rehabilitating him. In fact, even senior party leader L K Advani differed with Gadkari's decision to install Joshi as in-charge of UP polls and was almost on the verge of calling off his countrywide yatra against corruption over the issue. But whether the issue has subsided will only be clear after the assembly election results on March 6. If BJP's performance is below the mark, the war within is likely to surface.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050734", "title": "Traffic cop beaten over vehicle towing row", "text": "BHOPAL: A traffic policeman was allegedly roughed up by three persons following a dispute over towing of a vehicle in Ghoranakkas in the city on Saturday evening.Sachin, a head constable in the traffic police, complained that he was on his routine duty to tow wrongly parked vehicles near Kamali Mandir in old city when three persons, identified as Bal Swaroop, Nitin and Deewan Singh, had an argument with him and assaulted him.The accused roughed up the head constable when he refused to hand over the vehicle without realizing the fine as per the rules. Hanumanganj police booked the trio under the Section 353 of the IPC (Assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty). There were no reports of any arrest in the incident till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053705", "title": "Rakhi is Angad's new friend", "text": "Angad Hasija who plays Alekh in Rajan Shahi's Sapna Babul ka Bidaai recently showed his moves on Zara Naachke Dikha and gained lots of confidence as a dancer .Angad also found our a new friend on the sets in hot and happening publicity queen Rakhi Sawant . He bonded with her well. Angad is a secure person and is determined to take his career to new heights. He says, 'I want to tell the world Rakhi is not as loud as she is made out to be. She is very chilled out person and keeps everyone in splits with her one liners. She is down to earth and approachable\"\". Well Angad is honest about his opinion. But what \"best pals\" of Rakhi, Kashmira Shah and Sambhavna Seth have to say about this, that everyone will know soon. Till that time we can already see Rakhi praising Angad all over the town after his open admiration of her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053968", "title": "Simran Kaur Mundi is open for item numbers", "text": "Simran Kaur Mundi, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Universe 2008, says that she has no reservations about doing item numbers provided they are \"aesthetically shot\" .Point taken. So, ask her about her about what she thinks about most A-listers doing item numbers these days and actually giving items girls a run for their money, Simran says, \"I am aware most A-listers are doing item numbers now.You see, when an A-lister does an item number, it is shot very aesthetically, and the end result is that it looks really nice on the screen. However, when anybody else does an item number, the same is made to look so vulgar. That's the problem. But I am open to doing item numbers if the script demands it and if it is very aesthetically shot, so as not to make it look obscene or vulgar. If these are fulfilled, I am open to it.\" Simran Kaur made her debut in December last year in \" Jo Hum Chahein\" with debutant Sunny Gill, who she was also reported to be dating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049049", "title": "Row over Shah Rukh Khan house reaches SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over Shah Rukh Khan's palatial bungalow 'Mannat' has reached the Supreme Court with the filing of a petition alleging violations by the megastar while constructing his dream house.The petition has alleged that there were violations of archaeological laws and coastal regulation zone in the construction of Mannat.Simpreet Singh and Amit Maruand of Mumbai approached the apex court challenging the Bombay high court's order which had dismissed their petition against Khan.The high court had, on January 28, dismissed the PIL filed by the duo and imposed a cost of Rs 20,000 on them saying that it was a \"publicity petition\".The PIL had alleged that the actor had constructed the building inside the compound of his bungalow in violation of environment and heritage laws.Khan had, however, contended that there was no violation of rules and the construction was allowed by the municipal body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056681", "title": "'I only got an amused reaction, no one took this seriously'", "text": "Oscar-winning French newcomer Michel Hazanavicius in an exclusive interview about the award-winning film The Artist that swept three top Oscar awardsWas it daunting to take on a silent movie, given that you have never written a silent film before?Right at the beginning, seven or eight years ago, I fantasized about making a silent film. Probably because the great mythical directors I admire most all come from silent cinema... Hitchcock, Lang, Ford, Lubitsch, Murnau, Billy Wilder (as screenwriter)...But mainly because as a director it makes you face your responsibilities, it makes you tell the story in a very special way. It's not up to the screenwriter, nor to the actors to tell the story - it really is up to the director. In this genre everything is in the image, in the organisation of the signals you're sending to the audience. And it's an emotional cinema, it's sensorial; the fact that you don't go through a text brings you back to a basic way of telling a story that only works on the feelings you have created. It's a fascinating way to work. I thought it would be a magnificent challenge and that if I could manage it, it would be very rewarding. If I said it was a fantasy more than a desire, it's because each time I mentioned it.I'd only get an amused reaction - no one took this seriously. Then the success of the two \"OSS\" films changed the way people reacted to: \"I want to make a silent fi lm.\" It wasn't perceived in quite the same way. But above all, Thomas Langmann is not a producer like the others. He didn't only take what I said seriously, I saw in his eyes that he believed in it. It's thanks to him that this fi lm became possible. It was no longer a fantasy, but a project. I could start working. I told him I would look for a story, that as soon as I'd found it and it seemed to work, I'd come back and see him...How confident were you, about convincing the average viewer to see a black and white movie without dialogues?I can't convince them. It's not my job. The Weinstein company, it's their job to convince people. My job was to make the movie. That's what I did. I know what we did in France was to have the maximum screenings just to let people talk about the movie and say they enjoyed the movie. There are two kinds of audiences. There's the ones who were in the theaters, and the ones who are outside and we want them to come inside the theater. And, it's not the same. People inside the theaters usually, not 100 percent but most of them, enjoy the movie. Usually they come with a small negative view. In a way, they're prepared to get bored because it's silent and because it's black and white. So they are much more pleased to be entertained in a way. They're very happy when they go out. This was my job. For the other ones, I can do nothing except screen the movie and hope that they will say to their friends that it's not so [bad].I am relying on the word to spread on the film. The only thing I can say is usually people are slightly confused. They think that silent movies are old. But, the fact is, they are old because they have been made in the '20s. That's the thing that makes them old. Not the format. The format is just a format. It's not an old format.How has the transition been from a French comedy director to a nouveau-silent film writer and director?The direction, the framing, the cutting could only be the continuation of the screenplay. Of course I had to leave some doors open for myself and I took all the liberties I wanted but I had storyboarded everything. I had to know that everything could be told. That everything was understandable. We couldn't count on dialogues. I like to compose the frames, I like to define each shot, I like each shot to have meaning... to play with contrasts, shadows, place them in the frames, find a visual writing, codes, meanings, I love it! So I tell myself lots of stories to be able to direct and try to have the most coherent, the roundest one which seems the simplest possible. For lighting, with Guillaume (Schiffman), it's more than just collaboration. THE ARTIST is my third film with him, we've done ads together, and we know each other very well. As soon as I had the idea of this film, I talked to him about it. He also did a lot of research. I gave him tons of films to watch, he came to the Cinematheque to watch them on a big screen, found out about the techniques, cameras and lenses of the time. He has a special place in the process; he's like a sparring partner who would have the technical responsibility of the camera and the lighting on top. I love the way we work together. The idea was the same for all: do some research, nourish ourselves, understand the rules thoroughly in order to be able to forget them at the end. What must prevail in the end is the clarity of the story, the accuracy of the situation, the impact of the shot...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050139", "title": "Anti-Left panel wins WBCS officers' association elections", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time in three decades, the anti-Left backed group in the WBCS (executive) Officers Association won with an enormous majority in its election. The WBCS association comprises majority of the West Bengal civil service. The anti-Left panel secured 571 votes, while the Left-backed panel secured 198 votes.Even before coming to power, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had conducted a meeting in an effort to establish contact with the state civil servants by offering them sops. She also promised to elevate maximum number of WBCS officers to the level of IAS thus winning over a huge number of civil servants to her side. Thus, a huge group tilted to the c's side even before she came to power.Debasis Maity, the joint secretary (cabinet), was elected as the president of the association. Saurav Chaki became the joint secretary. and Santiram Mahato was elected self help group minister has become the general secretary of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050875", "title": "JD(U) firm against National Counter-Terrorism Centre", "text": "PATNA: Though CM Nitish Kumar has not yet reacted to the letters written by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union home minister P Chidambaram on the issue of formation of National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), the JD(U) has criticized the Centre's move and apprehends gross violation of special powers to be given to the central intelligence agencies in the name of countering terrorThe state government as well as the JD(U) have expressed serious concern over the manner in which some people were picked up from various parts of the state in recent times by the central intelligence agencies and ATS personnel without taking into confidence the local authorities. Darbhanga SSP, in a letter to the DGP following the arrest of Mohd Kafil by IB sleuths, said such actions trigger law and order problem.\"The agencies supposed to protect law are breaking law,\" alleged JD(U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary. He said in the backdrop of such action, the state could not believe Chidambaram. \"The recent arrests, including that of Kafil, grossly violate the provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act,\" he alleged.The Act provides that under Section 43(b) (2), the arrested person has to be presented before the nearest police station and if his transit is required, the investigating officer has to apply for transit remand to the magistrate. He said earlier, too, in Darbhanga and Madhubani some people were arrested without following the rules. Tiwary said he contacted principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani and Darbhanga SSP Garima Malik who said there was no objection to central agencies arresting people they suspect but the arrests should be made as per rules.Reacting to the Union home ministry's order about the creation of NCTC, Nitish had raised objections in a letter addressed to the PM recently. \"Since police and law and order are state subjects, any action involving arrest, search and seizure should be taken only with the active involvement of the state police,\" the CM had pointed out while opposing the arbitrary powers to the NCTC.With the party's national spokesman reiterating his opposition to NCTC, the ruling party and the state government stand is quite clear. Tiwary said, \"If the central agencies are already acting in an arbitrary manner, it is anybody's guess what will they do after getting absolute powers.\"The Union home minister's letter written to the chief ministers who had opposed the NCTC has reportedly tried to allay their apprehensions and talks about taking the states into confidence in course of anti-terrorist operations. The government's stand is that the NCTC should not be hastily constituted and the genuine concerns of the state governments should be taken into consideration. The issue should be re-examined and suitable modifications made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049536", "title": "'With rivers turning into nullahs, Pune is in trouble'", "text": "PUNE: \"Pune is in trouble today as the rivers are turning into nullahs and Puneites are breathing polluted air. The pollutant particulate matter has fine particles and goes inside your body through inhalation and reaches the blood stream. Not only it can cause respiratory problems and asthma , but also heart attacks,\" said Sunita Narain, director general of the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), New Delhi on Sunday.Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 6th Vasundhara International film festival, after receiving the 'Vasundhara Sanman', Narain said rivers are dying not only in Pune but across the country. The cities are choking with air, the forests are disappearing, despite our efforts on environment. The question is, do we value minerals or growth around it?\"Narain, a political activist as well as a major proponent of the green concept of sustainable development, added: \"Mula and Mutha rivers are converting to nullahs. We are unable to take back the sewage. For every drop of water we use, 80% of it is left as sewage. We are unable to link the flush water with rivers. Rather, the sewage water should be re-used and recycled.\"She said neither the city has good public transport facility, nor pedestrian walkways nor bicycle tracks. We need to reinvent mobility. \"If we can manufacture cars, you can also do the same with buses,\" said said.Narain raised the question on how to have growth without pollution? Citing an example, she said Delhi was heavily polluted in 1990s and people were suffering from respiratory problems. After several campaigns and lot of efforts, now the bus fleet and autorickshaws run on CNG. These vehicles have now become cleaner, but the numbers of cars have multiplied. \"There are a lot of cars on road which run on diesel. These diesel vehicles are polluting the environment and all our efforts are lost. Where do we go now? We remain behind the problems every time.\"Narain, who has received the World Water Prize for work on rainwater harvesting and is a member of the Prime Minister's Council for Climate Change, said \"We are more and more convinced that climate change is real and it beginning to happen. It is linked to the consumption pattern we have in world and the economic growth we have adopted.\"She said Pranab Mukherjee is not the finance minister, but the monsoon. The monsoon determines the economic well-being of the country. At present, we are witnessing variation in rainfall and intense rainfall events, which is leading to floods and landslides.\"Thus, the generation is facing environmental crisis. All we need is to think out of the box, act boldly and push towards it. It is not difficult and we can bring in change. May be now you are watching films in Vasundhara film festival about the problems and may be in coming years you will watch the transformation and building inclusive and sustainable economies,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050833", "title": "BSNL broadband users a harassed lot", "text": "PATNA: Users of broadband are a harassed lot, particularly under Anisabad Exchange, these days. They are facing difficulty for the last 20 days due to non-availability of broadband connectivity and are unable to access the sites.A businessman said, \"All important work is being processed online these days. Due to non-availability of broadband link, business-related works are pending. Despite frequent complaints, the BSNL authorities have not rectified the fault,\" he said. Non-availability of the link also paralyzed work at several banking institutions d in these areas. Besides, many job aspirants who are waiting for their important mails, could not access the sites due to non-availability of the link.Many aggrieved people said the BSNL was yet to find a solution to their problems. That apart, the BSNL has been collecting full broadband charge each month from its users in these areas, they claimed.A BSNL official admitted that error 678 has crept into Anisabad Exchange which denies broadband link to its users. Efforts are on to rectify the fault, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050766", "title": "Five arrested for 20 theft cases", "text": "BHOPAL: Crime branch claims to have solved 20 theft cases after arresting five people from Bairagarh area with recovery of gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh.Acting on a tip-off, crime branch sleuths arrested the accused Younus, Raju and Haasin from Bairagarh's Sarafa Market area where they had gone to sell the looted ornaments. Rajesh alias Teelu, another member of the gang and Salahuddin, have also been arrested, senior superintendent of police Yogesh Choudhry said.Briefing on their modus operandi the police said kingpin of the gang, Younus used to start residing in a rented accommodation close to the house they wanted to target. Further, the gang also have a rented accommodation in Sehore which they used as hideout. Besides Bhopal the accused have committed thefts in neighboring districts as well, the police added.They confessed that the ornaments they were carrying were looted from Bairagarh area on February 16. During the interrogation they told about their involvement in four other thefts in Bairagarh, 13 in Nishatpura and two in Koh-e-Fiza, he said.The accused also engage themselves in jobs like welding, tailoring, auto driving etc though their main occupation is theft, the Choudhry added. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12055230", "title": "'Life Time Achievement' award for Dheeraj Kumar", "text": "Noted film and TV personality actor- producer- director Dheeraj Kumar was awarded the 'Life Time Achievement' award by PTC network in glittering function held in Chandigarh recently. The award was presented by Anupam Kher .Dheeraj Kumar has contributed immensely in the growth of Punjabi cinema as a leading man and as producer from 1980 to 1984, have acted in more than 21 films in Punjabi as a leading man during the that period.The note worthy film produced by Dheeraj Kumar title \" Fauji Chacha\", also had late Sanjeev Kumar in a stellar role.From 1985 onwards as an actor-producer-director, have immensely contributed to the growth of Indian television. Along with many memorable serials in various languages and Punjabi serial created by Dheeraj Kumar's company Creative Eye Ltd had meaningful impact on the growth of Punjab Television Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048933", "title": "NCW chief stands by her \u2018sexy\u2019 remark", "text": "JAIPUR: Chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW) Mamta Sharma has refused to tender an apology as demanded by organisations for her comments that women should not be offended on comments that they are \"sexy\".Talking to TOI on Sunday, Sharma said, \"I said nothing which invites the ire of people. I stand firm on my comments.\"Addressing a seminar here on Sunday, the NCW head had said, \"Don't be offended if someone says 'sexy', rather take it positively. Boys pass comments on girls terming them sexy, but sexy means beautiful and charming. We should not see it in a negative sense.\"Her statements at the seminar 'Gateway to Future' to discuss the present condition and role of women in development of the country have, however, drawn the ire of women organizations.Defending her statements, she said, \"My comments were decent enough not to hurt the sentiments of anyone. I said in the context that the word sexy which has a casual use and it is no longer implied in demeaning of women.\"Coming down heavily on the BJP women's wing and the People Union for Civil Liberties the NCW chief said, \"I asked them - have they even launched any campaign against some magazines and TV channels showing pornography openly? They are making an issue out of a mole to gain political mileage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "club road", "code": "12051457", "title": "Angels to devils, this fest had it all", "text": "CLUB ROAD: Keeping both creativity and experimentation in mind, the hospitality students of Ivanna Institute of Hotel Management organized a salad festival on Sunday, showcasing an array of healthy combinations.The students - pursuing either BSc or MSc course - displayed their skills by coming up with 25 unique styles of salad preparations, presenting them in an eye-catching fashion. Speaking on the flavour and ingredients of these salads,Mandeep Singh , an MBA HM student at the institute, said, \"We have kept in the mind the calorie-conscious Ludhianvis and prepared these salads in olive oil.''The students also made sure that these salads were prepared with natural colours so that the healthy elements were retained.The dishes part of food festival at Ivanna Institute of Hotel Management rich in fibre, carbohydrates and proteins, said Mandeep, a student. Different sauces, seasonings and spreads were used, adding to the taste.Guests, including chefs, looked impressed by the efforts put in by students in organizing an exhibition that was not only soothing to the palate but also to the eye.Chef Balbir Singh from Maharaja was all praise for these young chefs and said, \"The display is unique in all these salads. It's very different from what we usually come across.''Some of the salads that stood out for the guests were, barley and corn salad, chicken 'n' pasta with sun dried tomatoes, turushi, dolmades, devil's egg and fromaggio.M Kalyan, another chef from Ludhiana, said, \"'Speared angels' is something very different. It's a very innovative idea of having chicken with dates.'' A wide variety of vegetables, fruits, chicken, eggs and meat products were used in preparing the salads.Roots 'n' more* The word first appeared in the 14th century as sallet* The moshav (settlement) of Sde Warburg, Israel, holds the Guinness World Record for the largest lettuce salad, weighing 10,260 kg* City of Salinas in California is known as the Salad Bowl of the World* The expression 'salad days' coined by William Shakespeare in 1606 means youthful time, accompanied by the inexperience, enthusiasm and idealism", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049040", "title": "With an eye on assembly polls, Sena budgets to deliver poll promises", "text": "MUMBAI: They made a lot of promises before the elections - good roads, adequate water supply, street furnitures. Now, they want to be seen as a party which delivers all poll promises. To ensure that there is no lack of funding, Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray last week met municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar to discuss the budget which will be presented in the months to come. TOI has learnt that the party chief has asked the commissioner to deliberate on the promises made by the party during the polls and accordingly make the allocations in the budget.Winning the BMC elections was a booster for the Sena which is now eyeing the assembly polls. Party strategists say the new agenda in the BMC will act as Sena's report card in the next polls. \"The party chief has spoken to the commissioner to ensure that adequate budget allocation is made for projects promised before the elections,\" said a senior Sena leader. The Sena plans to take mileage from the BMC projects in the assembly polls. \"The BMC projects will highlight the qualities of our party. This will surely help us in the assembly polls,\" added the leader. TOI did contact the municipal commissioner, but got no response.In the run up to the elections, the ruling saffron alliance got brickbats from the public due to bad roads and erratic water supply. Sena corporators also admit the same. \"We have been criticized for bad roads and this would be the main concern once the new term begins. Our party chief has already started consulting the municipal commissioner on budget allocation,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman, standing committee.After the mayor elections are conducted, Sena corporators, led by party chief, would be sitting with the municipal commissioner to discuss the new agenda. The agenda is likely to be driven by the needs of each ward. Former mayor Dr Shubha Raul told TOI, \"This meeting is likely to be held after the mayor elections are completed. The meeting primarily will cater to the needs of each ward. But more funds will be directed towards unfinished projects.\"Topping the agenda would be roads and water. Ahead of the civic elections, the BMC had taken up work together for over 800 roads. To repair these new roads, the BMC is spending over Rs 900 crore. The major road work has already started but the work order for the minor road work was given on February 22. The work is supposed to be completed before onset of monsoon. The first deadline is by the end of this month and in all likelihood the civic body is going to miss the deadline. \"We are taking a stock of the situation and will ensure that the public gets good roads,\" said Shewale.Supplying adequate water to all Mumbaikars is also one of the top priorities of the party. Pilot projects like 24/7 water supply is underway in Mulund. Civic officials say that the pilot project is working fine but it might not be possible to replicate in other parts of the city. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"This pilot project is working as per our plans but it may not be possible to replicate the project in other areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054370", "title": "Mir Ranjan Negi wishes the Indian Hockey team", "text": "Indian men's hockey is now back in the limelight having qualified for the London Olympics this Summer. Chak De! India star, former hockey player Mir Ranjan Negi, who was also on TV show Jhalak Dikhla Ja some years ago, is elated with the hockey win.He says, \"Congratulations to the Indian hockey team for making it to the London Olympics. The entire team has been terrific. Much credit goes to Michael Nobbs for the complete transformation of our Indian hockey team. 30 replacements in 70 minutes game, is a landmark move.\" Meanwhile, the Indian hockey team is receiving messages on networking sites right since Sunday.Actors Rahul Bose and Parvin Dabas posted congratulatory message on their twitter page. Even Sonam Kapoor went all out in posting her bit. The Indian hockey team was disqualified in their Olympic entry last time. This time, the entire country is praying for them to bring the laurels back home. In 1928, the team won its first Olympic gold medal and until 1956, the Indian men's team remained unbeaten in the Olympics, winning six gold medals in a row. In total, the Indian field hockey team has won eight Olympics gold medals - the highest among all national teams.The Indian men's national field hockey team have qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London after a gap of 8 years. The team had a resounding victory over France in the finals of the Olympic qualifiers by beating France 8-1. Ace drag-flicker Sandeep Singh, starred scoring five goals - including a hat-trick - all from penalty corners (19th, 26th, 38th, 49th and 51st).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048744", "title": "Experiments rule theatre festival", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is the rehearsal of a play with its actors delivering cliched dialogues stereotypical to many commercial Gujarati plays.A young chap walks onto the stage from the audience and announces to a puzzled lot that he wants them to hear the national anthem. What is set in motion is a critique - on nation, today's youth and importantly on contemporary Gujarati theatre.This Gujarati satire 'Manne Rashtragan Sambhalvu Chhe' was performed at Gujarat Sahitya Parishad by 'Ouroboros'- one of the seven Amdavadi theatre groups which participated in the Ahmedabad Theatre Festival (ATF).\"Our association with ATF is not limited to them being our host. Watching artists from all over the country on a single platform was a learning experience,\" said director Chirag Modi. Thus being from the host city, these enthusiastic theatre artists did not limit their involvement to performing alone. At venues, you could see them volunteering hand in hand with the Budhan members.\"Versus the commercial theatre, experimental theatre has no takers in the city. It is limited to youth festivals and inter-college fests at an amateur level. Often Gujarati artists, who have moved out of Ahmedabad to cities like Delhi and Mumbai, have been able to make a mark,\" said Modi, who is also the head of department for drama at J G School of Arts. \"Having festivals like ATF not only puts Ahmedabad theatre on map, but also provides a space for groups into experimental theatre for whom otherwise it is difficult to sustain individually,\"The festival was well received by the Amdavadis who turned up in large numbers. \"ATF has not only brought an array of theatres to the city, but has also imbibed confidence in the city groups. We are planning another festival soon which will comprise 10 plays from the city and will travel all over Gujarat,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12048681", "title": "Indian laws to decide Italians\u2019 fate: Antony", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Union defense minister A K Antony on Sunday firmly stated that the naval guards responsible for killing two Indian fishermen will be tried according to Indian laws.The investigation into the February 15 incident off the Kollam coast and subsequent action would be under the Indian laws, Antony said . He expressed \"satisfaction over the probe, which is on the right direction\".The centre has pledged all its support to the Kerala government.\"The Centre would take all steps to strengthen the Coast Guard to avert such incidents in future. I assure you that there should not be any apprehension and the investigation will be carried only as per the Indian law,'' he said while speaking to reporters here on Sunday.The country has a strong and independent judicial system. The prosecution of the naval guards will be carried out according to the law of the land, in the most independent manner. The investigation is on the right path and the Centre has full confidence in the state police, he added.\"The case will be proceeded under the Indian law. Judiciary in the country is independent,\" he said. The arrested Italian naval guards -- Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone -- have been charged with murder under Section 302 of IPC.Antony later visited the house of Valentine Jelestine, one of the fishermen killed by the Italian naval guards.Terming the incident as most unfortunate and highly condemnable, the defence minister said the government would take all steps to get the necessary compensation for the victims' families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/godhra", "code": "12051338", "title": "State cops out in full force for anniversary", "text": "AHMEDABAD/GODHRA: The state police force is out on the streets, deployed at sensitive spots across Gujarat as the tenth anniversary of the Godhra carnage is observed today. Godhra, the epicenter of the incident, is heavily guarded with the deployment of two additional companies of the State Reserve Police (SRP).The repercussions of the Sabarmati carnage on February 27, 2002, were later seen on the streets of almost the entire state as hundreds of Hindus and Muslims were killed in communal riots . Cities like Ahmedabad were the worst hit. As many activists and action groups are planning to observe the anniversary, police do not want to take any chance in relation to law and order.Chittranjan Singh, the director general of police, told TOI that adequate measures have been take to ensure safety and security of people. \"We have assessed the situation with senior officials and have designed strategic deployment of the forces for the most effective action plan,\" he said. \"The entire force has been on alert and police patrol and combing have been intensified.\"He added that senior IPS officers have been deployed at spots prone to tensions.Ahmedabad saw extensive combing and checking of vehicles on Sunday as police officials visited areas vulnerable to communal strains and appealed to citizens to maintain peace.In Godhra, cops have been posted in all localities where trouble could potentially break out. \"We are fully aware of the sensitive situation and so have brought in additional police force,\" said B S Ninama, in-charge district superintendent of police, Panchmahal . \"There will be no restrictions on anyone's movements, but if someone tries to create trouble we will pick him up.\"\"Some programmes have been planned by locals to mark the 10th anniversary. We want to maintain peace in the town and avert any provocative incidents,\" said B S Ninama, in-charge district superintendent of police, Panchmahal. The areas put under heavy police security are Polan Bazaar, Patelwada, railway station, Signal Faliya, Juhurpura, Neelam Lodge and Saiyyadwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12050583", "title": "Rs 1 crore brought to Amravati by CM's close aide: Gadkari", "text": "AMRAVATI: Bharatiya Janata Party president Nitin Gadkari on Sunday levelled serious allegations against chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the Rs one crore cash seizure issue. Gadkari said that the cash seized by Amravati police days before the municipal elections was collected by contractors of Nagpur and brought to Amravati by a minister and close aide of the chief minister.Gadkari was in Amravati on Sunday for attending the felicitation programme organized by the BJP district wing to honour the newly elected BJP corporators of Amravati Municipal Corporation, as well as members of zilla parishad and members of panchayat samiti.Talking to reporters after the programme, Gadkari said the Rs 1 crore cash that was found in a car was not party fund as claimed by Congress leaders. He challenged Congress leader to produce evidence to back up their explanation. \"If it is party money, they should provide proofs such as transaction details of the bank,\" said Gadkari. Congress and NCP used money power to win the polls and hence this matter should investigated stringently, said Gadkari.Addressing the felicitation programme, Gadkari expressed hope to establish power in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. \"We expect to get success in the assembly polls in five states,\" he added.Making a scathing attack on Congress and NCP, he said that people in state are fed up of inflation and corruption. In Maharashtra, farmers are distressed due to load-shedding. Farmers are not getting proper support prices for their farm produce. \"Leadership is very important for the development of the state and country. But unfortunately in Delhi and the state, we did not get proper leadership. The Central government is inefficient and corrupt,\" said Gadkari. GDP of states like Bihar has been increasing but Maharashtra, which is a developed state, had not done expected progress, said Gadkari.Newly elected BJP corporators, as well as members of zilla parishad and panchayat samiti were felicitated by Gadkari on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050383", "title": "Water Board sets up panel for improved supply to outskirts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sensing seriousness of the water crisis prevailing in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC)'s peripheral areas, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has formed a committee to oversee water supply to these surrounding municipal circles. The panel, which is headed by HMWS&SB; director-technical, will identify critical areas and ensure regular water supply to those zones.As of now, the water board supplies around 83 million gallons a day (MGD) water to the 12 surrounding circles - Alwal, Gaddiannaram, LB Nagar, Kapra, Kukatpally, Malkajgiri, Quthubullapur, Rajendranagar, Patancheru, Ramachandrapuram, Serilingampally and Uppal - once in five days but that service is too erratic to be relied upon. For the supply to be commensurate with the population, the water board has to supply 120 MGD to these peripheral areas, but it manages no more than 83 MGD.\"The panel will collect data about the present water supply and allot water to areas where there is an acute shortage. For instance, Kukatpally and Quthubullapur are getting about 22 MGD (11 MGD each) of water, but, on the other hand, Alwal is getting only 3.50 MGD. The panel will divert 6 MDG from that 22 MGD to Alwal.\"It is part of an adjustment between areas. As a result, a few areas, which get water once a week, will benefit,\" a senior HMWS&SB; officer told TOI. \"We will take measures to ensure residents do not suffer,\" he added. The water board has been supplying 22.07 MGD of water to Gaddiannaram and LB Nagar circles. \"We will divert five MGD of water to other areas. Due to adjustment of water allocation, we will be able to supply water at least once in three days instead of every five days,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051012", "title": "Panjab University demands land from administration for extension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University (PU) is set for major extension and has asked the Chandigarh administration to provide a large chunk of land measuring 111 acre to meet its future requirement. A formal requisition demanding land has been sent to the committee of Chandigarh administration, which is preparing the master plan of city for futuristic developments.In its communication sent to the master plan committee, the university authorities have stated, \"For the future requirements of university such as hostels, science auditorium and others, it is requested that we be provided approximately 111 acres of land for extension of PU.\"The master plan committee is gathering data from all the institutions of city for preparing a composite regional plan for Tricity for the future planning of the periphery of Chandigarh in consonance said plan.University, which currently accommodates over 70 teaching and research departments, nearly 16 hostels and hundreds of staff quarters, needs land for new staff houses, hostels, and science auditoriums and sports complexes.When contacted, PU architect Harpreet Singh said, \"We already have many regional centres that are located away from the campus. The administration can allot us land anywhere in the city so it is not a problem for us. We have done extensive evaluation and found that there is a need to construct more hostels, staff accommodation and other facilities.\"PU had sent this demand proposal to the administration through its registrar. PU sources said maximum land, which has been demanded, would be used to build houses for PU staffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12054448", "title": "Core to launch education delivery services in UAE", "text": "MUMBAI: Teaching services provider Core Education and Technologies said it is expanding into teaching delivery by running an institute in the United Arab Emirates .The city-headquartered company listed on the BSE and NSE has tied up with the provincial government at Ras al-Khamiah in the UAE for running an already existing higher education institute.\"We wanted to get into education delivery for long time now and are also interested in the MENA (Middle East and North Africa) region...this tie-up will address both the issues,\" the company's Chairman and Global Chief Executive Sanjeev Mansotra told PTI over phone.He said the company is in the process of establishing a higher education university in Hyderabad.The eight-year-old company was till now engaged only in education services like providing content, assessment tools etc and this would be its maiden venture into teaching.A senior company official said it will start education delivery by taking over the operations of the institute in the province starting April 2012.The institute offers courses in the streams of architecture, engineering and business administration and provides the company a captive access to 300 students.On the revenues front, the official said the tie-up will provide a cash flow of up to 9 million Dirham per year, and the company will have to pay 2 million Dirham to the local authority and 15 per cent of tuition fees to Ranchi's BIT, which is the education content partner of the institute.The official said the company has earmarked $2 million in investments with regard to the newly stitched tie-up.He said the company has also entered into an agreement with the Government of Ghana to provide content for the K-12 (up to class 12) segment worth $13.5 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai/ ", "code": "12049534", "title": "Woman power at the wheel, destination Lavasa", "text": "MUMBAI/ :LAVASA: It was determination on display at the annual Lavasa Women's drive, flagged off from Bandra Reclamation on Sunday morning.Cervical cancer was the focus of this year's drive, but most participants were present to simply celebrate womanhood. Women young and old decked up their cars with imaginative themes and messages supporting various causes. Some messages on cars read: 'Screw cancer'; 'Don't be mean, go CNG green'; 'Once a year, PAP smear'; 'Cancer didn't know girl power until it met me'; 'Save the girl child or you'll remain single all your life'.Despite the presence of many celebrities, the participants were the true stars of the day. The ladies started the day early at 7 am and covered about 240 km between Mumbai and Lavasa. While 350 cars-each carrying two to four women, were flagged off from Mumbai, 150 left from Pune simultaneously for Lavasa. They were marked according to the time they took to cover a particular distance, with more points deducted for speeding than for reaching a destination late.Dr Rajan Badwe, head of Tata Memorial Hospital, present during the flagging-off, said, \"The most curable cancers are seen in women, which are easy to conquer if detected on time.\"Bollywood personalities Diana Hayden , Bhagyashree and Tanvi Azmi drove the 'Rosy' cars-the first ones to be flagged off. Hayden drove all the way to Lavasa to set an example for the participants. While Mugdha Godse, Sophie Chowdhary and former Miss Indias Simran Kaur Mundi and Parvaty Omanakuttam encouraged the participants, Chunky Pandey kept the atmosphere lively with his humour. Television stars like Tarana Raja, Manav Gohil, Amar Upadhyay and former cricketer Dilip Vengsarkar were also present. \"A woman is the energy, she is the future. Be aware and prevent deadly diseases,\" was Vengsarkar's message for the participants. \"This drive shows the kind of power and energy that women have. I hope to be a participant myself next year,\" Parvathy said.The last car was flagged off at 10am and it took more than four hours for each vehicle to reach Lavasa, where the rest of the day was celebrated by songs, dances, performances and other special treatment for the ladies, like free spa and make-up. Moreover, there were branded bags, watches and accessories waiting to be picked up at a 90% discount.Participant Nikita Singh (28), who drove with three friends, said: \"We had great fun driving all the way to Lavasa. Otherwise, neither my father nor my boyfriend let me drive for long fearing I will bang the car. But on Sunday, I had a fun-filled male-less day, without worry.\" \"The worst part was driving at 40 kmph, especially since the roads were empty on a Sunday. I felt like speeding up, but I had to abide by the rules,\" said Anahita Ghai (52).However, the ladies couldn't seem to get enough of actor Emraan Hashmi, who was flown by chopper to the venue. The event ended with singer and actor Meiyang Chang entertaining participants with foot-tapping numbers.LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the Associate Sponsor. JMD Auto, MAK Lubricants and Grabthebrand.com are the Co-sponsors. Dove is Hair care partner. This drive is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative Tata Memorial Hospital and conducted by Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.This is an unconventional yet so effective way to spread awareness about a good cause. Women have great spirit. I have known women in my life who have suffered from the illness. So I too wanted to do something, if only as small as coming to Lavasa to cheer the participants for this cause.Emraan Hashmi, actorEvery year, the drive has been focusing on breast cancer. This year, the focus was on cervical cancer as this is fast emerging as a bigger threat to women in India-especially in rural areasDevieka Bhojwani, cancer survivorMine is a warrior family. My grandmother survived breast cancer. Through my family, I have learnt it is all about awareness. I got my elder daughter vaccinated for cervical cancer at the age of 13Chunky Pandey, actor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049056", "title": "Solution for contemporary problem lies in understanding its historical perspective, says Aditi", "text": "JAIPUR: Foundation of the present is laid on past historical events, which is why it is important to understand history for a better present and perfect future, feels Aditi Sharma, a Class XII history student of Rukhmani Birla School appearing for the Board exam. She says the solution for every contemporary problem is impossible without understanding its historical perspective.When studying history, it is important to assume oneself in the period about which one is studying, says Aditi, who takes it upon herself to understand each and every historical event even study from different sources for better understanding. Having done extensive study on Partition, she says that it is one event she would want to change in the country's history.History has three sections - modern, medieval and ancient. She pays more attention to modern history as it has more weightage and also interesting, majorly comprising India's struggle for Independence.\"I have keen interest in reading about our past heroes,\" adds Sharma, who never forgets to discuss modern history with her parents. This subject gives knowledge about our past mistakes. \"If we become experts on this subject, we can try to make our future perfect as we can draw inferences from mistakes and correcting them by not repeating them in a similar situation in the contemporary world,\" says Aditi.She is aspiring to score in the 90 mark bracket and banking on NCERT textbooks. \"It is easy to score 70-80 marks, but the real battle starts when we target to score 90 and above. This task needs exhaustive learning not only from textbooks but also from other sources of information,\" says Aditi, who studies this subject every morning hours with a break of 10 minutes every 45 minutes for a cup of tea.She suggested that answers should be written clearly while highlighting one main point so that it becomes easy for the examiner to check. \"A good time should be devoted to textbooks as the subject is lengthy and needs continuous revision. Hence, it is not possible to study the whole syllabus just before the exam,\" says Aditi, who scored 10 CGPA in Class X and took part in many extra co-curricular activities and inter-school debates.\"I either watch TV, especially Discovery and History channel , and play with my younger brother, which works as my stress buster,'' she says. Aditi aspires to clear CLAT exam and to complete the law degree followed by the administrative exam.She loves the way her mother treats her during exams. \"My mother provides me with food rich in proteins and vitamins etc., and liquids at high intervals,\" Aditi adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050317", "title": "Kashmiris in the city face 'identity' crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thousands of kilometres away from their state, unskilled Kashmiris workers who have chosen to settle down in the city here are still feeling isolated and discriminated against. The group of workers toiling away in various parts of the city are unable to carry out basic functions such as open a bank account or even prove their identities as they do not possess adequate documentation. While the Constitution gives all Indian citizens the freedom to work across the country, it makes little or no provisions for the welfare of migrant workers, specially those from Kashmir. Migrants say that the 'Kashmiri' tag has made them vulnerable to police and employer harassment. From facing difficulty in even procuring a railway ticket to being constantly looked at with suspicion regardless of religious affiliations, they say that their Kashmiri identity has isolated them.Raj Kumar from Jammu hauls heavy boxes on his back throughout the day at Diwan Devdi which serves as the nodal point for loading and unloading cargo for the bustling Patel Market. He says that the State Bank of Hyderabad branch at Pathergatti declined to open a bank account in his name as he failed to provide 'sufficient' documentation. \"Sending money to my family in Jannu village in Jammu is very difficult because I don't have a bank account. In spite of showing my voter ID card from Jammu, they refused to help me and said that they wanted local ID proof. Now I have to rely on my choudhary (supervisor) to send money from his bank account. Also, because I don't have the right ID proof, I have had to bribe railways officials to procure a tatkal ticket.\" Kumar says that the 'Jai mata di' tattoo across Raj Kumar's arm didn't stop the Railway Protection Force constables from harassing him. He says that being a Kashmiri is a curse.Healthcare too is a cause for distress. With a dozen workers cramped in a single room, workers fall prey to diseases due to lack of hygiene. \"A group of four Kashmiris are paid Rs 80 each for hauling between 30 and 40 tonnes a day. The minute we fall sick we become like dead bodies and nobody even looks at us. Nobody understands our plight,\" rues Mohammed Subhan, another migrant from Jammu.Inayat Ali Baquiri from the AP Hammal and Transport Workers Union (APHTWU) says, \"These workers cannot be insured nor can be covered by the Arogyasri scheme because of the lack of an identity proof. Many, including the revenue department officials, are unaware that a letter from the village sarpanch works as a proof of identity.\" Baquiri says that the workers from all across the city including Diwan Devdi, Santoshnagar and Autonagar are registered with the organisation and are provided with identity cards. The organisation carries a file on the history of the employment of each worker to tackle harassment by police or employers.Experts say that digitisation of informal workers' ration and voter cards should be done. \"This would not only make opening bank accounts and transferring cash to their families easier but also would save them from harassment by authorities,\" says activist Ali Asghar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "12049704", "title": "Political parties vie for election crown, but ignore Taj city", "text": "AGRA: Voters in the Taj City have a long pending wish-list for politicians. Most of the demands are raised in every election but remain unfulfilled. Some reasonable ones include an international airport and better roads. Such facilities would give a major boost to the city that sees tourists influx round the year. \"Tourists don't prefer staying in Agra. They come, see the Taj and leave. If we get good hotels and roads, tourists might stay back,\" says Shakir Ali, a local travel agency owner.Bad roads and traffic snarls have badly hit city's major industry -- tourism. \"The urban development planning of Agra is totally haphazard,\" says Prof Sugam Anand of Agra University. MG Road is the lone main road. The city needs widened roads or a ring-road and flyovers to ease traffic congestion.But, no political party has adrresed the problem,\" says Prof Anand. Unfortunately, traffic, civic and erratic power supply are not the issues that dominate voting in Agra. Politics here too is caste-based. The city goes to polls on February 28 Agra has nine assembly seats -- Bah, Fatehabad, Etmadpur, Agra Rural (SC), Agra Cantt (SC), Agra North, Agra South, Kheragarh and Fatehpur Sikri. Agra was a BJP stronghold till last election when the Bahujan Samaj Party dislodged the saffron brigade. Congress, too, once had a strong footing in Agra, but lost control due to weak organisational structure. \"It's still a fight between BJP and BSP in the city,\" says local lawyer Kunwar Shailraj Singh.The three city seats -- Agra Cantt, Agra South and Agra North have the presence of all four major parties, i.e, BJP, Congress, BSP and SP. \"The fight is mainly among BJP, BSP and Congress,\" says Arunoday Bajpai,who teaches political science in Agra College.\"Congress candidates in Agra South and Agra North are also monetarily strong,\" says Prof Anand. While Sumit Gupta `Bibhav' is fighting from Agra North, Nazir Ahmed is trying his luck from Agra South. Bibhav comes from a political family and that adds to his strength and is facing challenge from three-time MLA and BJP candidate Jagan Prasad Garg. In Agra South, three Muslim candidates are in the fray, including Nazir Ahmed.An Independent Chaudhary Bashir, also a Muslim candidate, is in the fray from Agra South. Samajwadi Party has fielded Mohd Shareef Usmani while Julphikar Ahmad Bhutto is Bahujan Samaj Party candidate. Since this may lead to division of Muslim votes in the constituency, BJP might emerge a gainer. Agra's caste strucrure is dominated by Vaish and Jatavas. Muslims, Jats and non-Jatavs are also present in most the areas, though in different numbers. Apart from Agra Rural and Etmadpur, the other constituencies of Agra post-delimitation haven't changed much as far as their demographic profile is concerned. Etmadpur has now got urban voters from Agra North.Unlike its position in the the city, RLD has a strong presence in rural areas like Etmadpur and Fatehpur Sikri. In Etmadpur, RLD has fielded Baba Hardev Singh, who has the image of a clean bureaucrat, against the sitting MLA Dharmpal Singh of BSP. This may lead to division of Thakur votes.\"Addition of urban votes postdelimitation will lead to contest among BJP, BSP and SP at Etmadpur,\" says Singh. At Fatehpur Sikri, BSP and RLD are pitched againt each other. \"It's the non-Jatav votes which will make the difference in rural belt,\" adds Singh.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050728", "title": "Scribe death: STF likey to conduct narco test on accused", "text": "BHOPAL: The Special Task Force probing the murder of a journalist and his family in Umaria town about 160 kms from here, may conduct narco analysis test and DNA profiling on the two arrested to collect \"irrefutable\" evidence in the case, sources said.Sources in the police department said since the STF wants a \"foolproof\" case against the accused, so that they do not get any benefit during the trial, efforts are on to collect \"irrefutable\" evidences.\"The STF will apply for conducting the narco tests on the arrested persons, besides their DNA profiling and collect evidences by adopting more advanced technologies so that they don't get any benefit during the trial of the murder case and subsequently get released,\" a source said.He said the involvement of two arrested persons Amit Singh and Vidhyaniwas Tiwari is clear and evidence collected from the crime site will ultimately be proved against them on the basis of scientific probe.Rai, his wife Durga, son Jalaj and daughter Nisha were found murdered inside their house on February 17 and the case was handed over to the STF for probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049842", "title": "UP clears CBI probe into health dept clerk\u2019s death", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday recommended a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the mysterious death of health department clerk Mahendra Sharma in Lakhimpur. The clerk was handling a section of the NRHM-funded project at Pasgawan community health centre in Lakhimpur and his body was recovered a week after he went missing on February 7.While the police had initially claimed that Sharma had committed suicide, the victim's family insisted that he was murdered. His autopsy report revealed he died of smothering. After the death was highlighted by the media, the police lodged an FIR against six people, including Sharma's boss, the Lakhimpur chief medical officer. With election in Lakhimpur on March 3, the government has recommended a CBI probe. Government officials, however, described the recommendation as routine.\"The widow of the slain clerk had lodged a complaint with the district magistrate on Saturday seeking a CBI probe. After consulting the police, the DM forwarded his report to the government for a probe,\" said a senior government official. He added, \"The home department held a meeting of senior officials following which the DM's recommendations were forwarded to the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) which handles the CBI. We're waiting for a response from the CBI.\"What must have influenced the government's decision to hand the case to CBI was the recovery of Janani Suraksha Yojana cheques from the site where Sharma's body was found. It established that he was dealing with NRHM projects.Now, if the CBI probe, too, establishes that Mahendra died because of NRHM funding dispute, he will be the fifth person to have lost his life in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048790", "title": "These blind parents see with apple of their eyes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many eyes were moist when Bhavin Shah, a data entry operator from Jamnagar, went on stage at the Blind People's Association (BPA) premises along with his wife Asmita and daughter Anuja. Both Bhavin and Asmita are blind and Anuja was proudly leading the way as she got the duo on the podium and also accepted the congratulatory letter from the organizers saying that they are an example which the society can emulate.Lok Seva Trust, a city-based NGO in association, with BPA organized a felicitation programme at the BPA campus on Sunday morning for parents who have one girl child and refrained from producing a son to further their legacy. The organization felicitated 51 such proud parents out of which 10 were differently-abled.Bhimjibhai Nakrani, trustee of Lok Seva Trust, told TOI that the participants came from all over the state. \"We wanted to tell the gathering that the parents of these girls are ambassadors of save the girl child campaign. While we crave for a boy to further our lineage, we often ignore girls that become a pillar of strength for their parents. We received an overwhelming response for the event and are now planning to organize it at micro level in various districts across the state,\" he said.While all the parents were applauded, some moved the crowd with their tale. Himmatbhai Rathod, a music teacher with a special school in Bhavnagar, said that he and his wife Deena are dependant on their daughter Zalak for decision-making. \"She is smartest of us three. We put blind faith in her whenever she says anything,\" he said jokingly.He told TOI that raising a child as blind parents was no less than a Himalayan task. \"When she was very small, we used to try feeding her with a spoon. I don't know it was her intelligence or instincts, but she used to direct the spoon to her mouth whenever we faltered. Since then, she has supported us rather than us supporting her,\" said Rathod.Labhubhai Sonani, a crafts teacher at a special school in Bhavnagar, said that he and his wife Neela, both blind, have grown with their daughter Nistha. \"I don't think a son would have made our task easier. In Gujarati, they say 'Dikri vhal no dariyo' or a daughter is a sea of love, and I completely believe it. She has not only filled our lives with her love but also touched others' lives,\" he said.Sonani added that it is often said that a girl lights up two families but Nistha has also helped his school. \"When I went one day with her to purchase an expensive dress for her birthday, she refused and said that there are 22 other girls at my school who could benefit if we just purchase a simple dress and organize a fun activity for her friends. Listening to this, the shopkeeper was so moved that he ensured that all the girls get their dresses at less than half the price,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049871", "title": "Munde: UPA is blocking Shah panel's report", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress government at the Centre has suppressed the Shah Commission report due to elections and the BJP demands that its findings and recommendations be made public, senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde said on Sunday. Addressing a press conference, he criticized UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi saying her Saturday speech at Fatorda, Goa, did not really address the issues dear to Goans right now.The highlight of Munde's press conference was his allegation that the Congress at the Centre has suppressed the Shah commission report on illegal mining in Goa because Congress leaders have much to fear from its findings. Describing illegal mining as the biggest scam in Goa, Munde said it amounted to over 25,000 crore.Asked why the BJP at the centre was not agitating over the issue, Munde said that the party's opposition leader Sushma Swaraj had indeed raised the issue in Parliament and demanded for the Shah commission report to be made public, but the government was still holding on to it. Munde said parts of the report, published by some sections of the media, revealed a huge scam and exposed the Congress government.Munde also commented on Gandhi's assurance that the regional plan 2021 would be finalized only after taking people into confidence. \"Like the people of Goa, the BJP too want the RP2021 to be scrapped totally. But Sonia Gandhi said it will be corrected and then implemented. That does not fulfill the Goan people's aspirations,\" he said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049257", "title": "AI flight makes emergency landing at Mumbai airport", "text": "MUMBAI: An Air India (AI) flight with more than 100 passengers on board made an emergency landing at Mumbai airport on Sunday. The flight landed safely.Airport officials said soon after Mumbai-Chennai flight AI 572 took off, the pilot asked air traffic control for assistance to return, citing techincal problems.The incident happened around 6.30 pm when the flight, AI 572, from Mumbai to Chennai took-off from the airport. Airport officials said that after being air-borne for about seven minutes, the pilot asked the air traffic control for assistance to return to Mumbai citing technical problem with the aircraft.Officials said emergency services were summoned and the flight landed safely. \"The aircraft landed and all passengers were disembarked safely,\" an airport official said.An AI spokesperson said the aircraft had developed a hydraulic leak. \"We arranged for another aircraft and the flight left by 8.30pm,\" he said.The flight took-off around 8.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12048837", "title": "Gagged, raped at gunpoint, scarred for life", "text": "NOIDA: Life has come to a standstill for the girl, who was allegedly gangraped by five of her friends. The Class X student of a city public school is under immense trauma and breaks down every time she narrates her horrifying tale. The incident has left indelible scars on her psyche. With less than a week left for her board exams, she is unsure where her life will head after this.In the absence of any counselling provided by the district authorities, the trauma of such victims often goes unheard. \"When the police bring in someone for a medical test, we just do that. However, if the family asks for help then the district hospital has the right facilities for the same. We have a well-equipped adolescent health centre with a counsellor,\" said chief medical superintendent Meena Mishra.The girl claims she was blackmailed and forced at gunpoint to accompany the five men in their car, forced to consume alcohol, gagged, beaten up and raped by each of them. She had met the prime accused, Rahul Arya, last year near Sector 12 where she went for tuition classes. \"They began talking and at some point he introduced her to the rest of them. However, she was not really friends with any of them,\" said the victim's father.Her family says she has refused to eat or drink anything since the incident and has been blaming herself for the horrific episode. \"When I went to the police station, I saw the accused and even slapped one of them. They told me that my daughter's character was not good. She had provoked them and that it was her idea to drink,\" the girl's mother said. \"I am not denying that my daughter is very outgoing and makes friends easily. But does that mean that she invited rape and brought this upon herself?\" she added.In a shocking revelation, the victim has also claimed that the same men had raped her on May 24 last year. However, her stepfather was away at the time and her mother and close relatives, all worried about the girls' reputation, decided best to hush up the matter.\"They told me that they had recorded the May 24 incident on their cellphones and if I did not accompany them, they would upload the video on the Internet. I had no choice but to get in the car,\" the girl said. Her family, meanwhile, is worried that while her physical injuries have healed over time, she \"might never be able to get over the self blame for exposing her vulnerability and the sheer trauma\".Experts say that a conducive environment and cognitive counselling is essential at such times to help the victim get over the stress. \"The child needs to overcome the shock and self angst. She must be dealt with great sensitivity and her self confidence and trust in relationships need to be restored above anything else,\" said Dr Sameer Malhotra, chief psychiatrist, Fortis Hospital, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050858", "title": "MP ESI hospitals face shortage of doctors, staff", "text": "INDORE: Despite being entitled for coverage under Employees State Insurance (ESI) scheme, patients are forced to depend on other hospitals even for primary healthcare as state's 10 ESI dispensaries are reeling under severe shortage of doctors and Para-medical staff.Madhya Pradesh health department has been demanding that its staff on deputation be returned. \"People covered under the facility are suffering due to shortage of doctors in dispensaries. State government wants its staff back. Decision has to be taken by the state government whether it wants people to suffer or actions for the benefit of its people,\" Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) director SK Malviya said.ESIC government dispensaries in cities including Jabalpur, Pithampur, Nagda, Burhanpur, Khandwa, Satna, Gwalior, Amlai and Ujjain are facing acute shortage of doctors. According to the sources, doctors are sent to these cities on rotation basis to provide health services to the people. Nearly 30 posts of doctors in these dispensaries are lying vacant. Moreover by the end of year 2012, a large number of doctors will retire from the service.After the ESIC in city was declared model hospital and taken over by central government five years ago, several state government employees were appointed on deputation. The officials of ESI had vowed to increase its staff within three years but even after five years, human resources of ESI did not improve.The staff, who are on deputation, are not interested in getting back to parent cadre as ESIC being a central government body pays higher pay package to its employees than the state government. The hospital authorities have been inviting applications to fill up vacancies but without much success.One of the senior doctors told TOI that in states like Gujarat, health department conducts walk-in-interview and appoint doctors whereas authorities at ESI are not appointing staff for the vacant posts since long.Meanwhile, top officials at the ESIC have sought six months time from director general of the corporation to relieve the state government staff.\"We have written to director general seeking six months time to make necessary arrangements,\" said Dr K C Vishwas, Superintendent at ESIC hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12051063", "title": "Congress ready to welcome him?", "text": "HUBLI: Is the Congress preparing to accept beleaguered former chief minister and BJP leader B S Yeddyurappa into the party? \"We'll consider it if Yeddyurappa submits a detailed application,\" quipped senior Congress leader and Union labour minister Mallikarjuna Kharge on Sunday.There's speculation that the disgruntled Yeddyurappa will leave BJP for another party.Kharge told reporters here on Sunday that his party was ready to face early elections, but would not topple the BJP-ruled government as he feels it will fall on its own due to internal strife. Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily told reporters in Mangalore the state was facing a political crisis and asked the BJP to dissolve the assembly to restore its dignity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050284", "title": "What AP Budget means to the weaker sections", "text": "Unveiling the AP Budget for 2012-13 in the state Assembly recently, finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy claimed that record allocations have been made for the Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, Backward Classes and the Minorities in the ensuing financial year. \"AP is a pioneer in the country in the formulation and implementation of welfare programmes for the disadvantaged groups. The scheme of scholarships to students to pursue higher education is one of our flagship programmes,\" he asserted.The finance minister cited the massive increases in the non-plan and plan outlays for SCs, STs, BCs and minorities. The allocations have been increased by 14 percent for SCs, 26 percent for STs, 43 percent for BCs and 62 percent for minorities over the current year 2011-12's figures. In percentage terms, the hike in minority welfare budget looks impressive. But a closer look reveals that the minorities gained the least from the stepped up allocations for the welfare sector.The BCs account for almost 45 percent of the state's population. The total allocation for the BCs has been raised to Rs 3,014 crore in 2012-13 from Rs 2,101 crore during the current year. The SCs, with a 16.2 percent share in the State's population, have been provided an enhanced outlay of Rs 2,677 crore compared to Rs 2,351 crore in 2011-12. STs, who constitute only 6.6 percent of the total population, get higher allocation of Rs 1,540 crore as against Rs 1,230 crore in the current year. Minorities, on the other hand, have been allotted Rs 489 crore next year compared to Rs 301 crore during 2011-12.In absolute terms, the government has provided a hefty increase of Rs 913 crore for BCs, followed by Rs 316 crore for SCs and Rs 310 crore for STs. Minorities account for an increase of only Rs 188 crore in the ensuing year. Out of the Rs 7,720 crore allocated for these four groups, minorities share is a meager six percent. This is precisely the reason why the minorities are not particularly enthused by the rise in the outlay for their welfare.But, then, the fact remains that it is only in the nine successive budgets since 2004-05, which coincides with the Congress rule, the minority welfare budget has seen a quantum jump in relative terms. The allocation for minority welfare was raised marginally to Rs 39.12 crore in 2004-05 and then to Rs 49.12 crore in 2005-06 and Rs 69.60 crore in 2006-07. The outlay for minorities shot up to Rs 123.67 crore in 2007-08, Rs 181.03 crore in 2008-09, Rs 226.75 crore in 2009-10, Rs 237.46 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 300.87 crore in 2011-12. However, in terms of the total budget size of the State, the share of minority welfare allocation has edged up slowly from 0.12 percent in 2004-05 to 0.34 percent in the forthcoming year.A big chunk of the allocations for SCs, STs, BCs and minorities is earmarked for scholarships and other educational programmes. Economic support schemes come next in priority.Scholarships and fees reimbursement for minorities account for an outlay of Rs 316 crore next year from Rs 200 crore in the current year. The allocation for construction of buildings for minority hostels and residential schools has been raised substantially from Rs five crore this year to Rs 35 crore next year. Budgetary support towards subsidy for bank linked income generation schemes has been more than doubled from Rs 11.05 crore to Rs 25 crore.Assistance to Urdu Academy has been raised to Rs 5.35 crore. Centre for Educational Development of Minorities has been provided Rs two crore next year, in view of the need for conducting coaching programmes for minority candidates to appear for recruitment tests for the 1.2 lakh government vacancies which are being filled up during 2012.For Dairatul Maarif-il Osmania, the allocation is raised to Rs 1.25 crore. AP State Haj Committee gets an additional Rs 20 lakh. AP State Wakf Board gets only Rs 30 lakh more and Survey Commissioner of Wakfs is allotted Rs 25 lakh more.Assistance for construction of shadikhanas is doubled to Rs two crore. For the newly-established Dudekula Muslim Cooperative Societies Federation, a maiden grant of Rs 50 lakh is made in the 2012-13 budget. For other schemes, there is no change in the allocations.After all, minorities need not lose heart. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy told the Assembly the other day that \"I have a big heart to give more to the minorities. It is only that I don't have more money.\"(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051396", "title": "Their mean machine adjudged best", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Beating 350 odd teams, comprising the most brilliant brains from engineering colleges across India, a team of 11 students from Panjab University bagged the 'best cost efficient single seater off-road vehicle' award this year for their creation 'The Machine'.In an exceptional triumph, the boys from University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) won the best entry award in the 'cost efficiency' category at the national-level BAJA 2012 organized by Society of Automotive Engineering (SAE India) at Indore from February 16-19.It took a year of ground work and four months of consistent hard work for the team to design and assemble The Machine.\"The vehicle had to undergo several tests, including endurance, before it was shortlisted among top 82 vehicles that contested in the final round at Indore,\" said Prashant Chaudhary, a II year student of electronics engineering at UIET. The Machine underwent maneuverability test, acceleration test, hill-climb test and gradability test and cleared a marketing presentation round, cost presentation round and design evolution round to make it to the top among all vehicles.Having faced several challenges, like using an already used engine, the UIET team faced several hiccups before they perfected their off-roader.\"While testing our vehicle, we met with an accident after a half-hour drive. It was only when the vehicle was technically proved perfect that it was screened for further rounds,\" added Chaudhary.The UIET team scored 46 out of 50 for cost efficiency, which was the best among 82 teams. Led by captain- Nitish Bansal, a IV year mechanical engineering student at UIET, the team included Angadbir Singh, Vidit Ghai, Ajay Rawat, Ayush Singhal, Sahil Arora, Piyush Garg, Manish Kumar, Surinder, Prashant Chaudhary and Paramjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12050560", "title": "Five Muslim corporators form Nagar Vikas Aghadi in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: Five newly elected Muslim corporators belonging to minority community set up Nagar Vikas Aghadi on Saturday and declared that the front was ready for a tie-up with both Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP.UDF chief Mufti Ashfaq declared that he would support the alliance which was committed to developmental works. A parley in between Ashfaq and local BJP MLA Gowardhan Sharma is on.In the meanwhile, BJP-Shiv Sena alliance and Congress-NCP tie up failed to reach the magic figure 37 to form the civic government in the 73-member House of Akola Municipal Corporation.Interestingly, Congress-NCP have no scheduled caste woman corporator for whom the mayor's post is reserved.BJ P has only one scheduled caste woman corporator Karuna Ingle but it is feared that other groups of independents will not support the BJP nominee. A special general body meeting of AMC is likely to be called on March 5 or March 6 for electing the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050896", "title": "Delay in projects affect Indore's development plans", "text": "INDORE: Calling upon the people of the region, Divisional Commissioner Prabhat Parashar urged them to identify and isolate forces that are delaying development projects in the region. He was speaking at a seminar on Water Management organized by Senior Citizen Forum on Sunday.Stating that development projects should not be obstructed or delayed as they affect city's development, Parashar said, \"The delay in completion of Maheshwar dam project is affecting water supply scheme in the city. The work has been delayed by forces that should be identified and exposed.\"He informed that although the civil construction of the dam has been done, gates are yet to be installed. The project also awaits the necessary permission to fill the dam. He claimed that all those affected by the project have been rehabilitated and compensated.The former foreign secretary, N P Jain, stressed for starting early supply of water from Maheshwar project. Indore is expected to get 360 MLD water from Maheshwar in the coming years. Currently, the city gets 220 MLD water from Narmada Phase I, II and III, out of which around 40 per cent water is lost through leakages and thefts.Referring to the problems related to leakages, Justice P D Muley highlighted that most of the pipelines are 30 to 50 years old. At many places, gutter water gets mixed with supply water due to damaged pipelines, which has emerged as one of the major threats to the civic health.Retired project head of Narmada Phase III Prabhat Sankhala said the project has been completed and pipelines have been laid. The city would get additional 90 MLD water within a month with the construction of overhead tanks.However, he also stressed that the operation and maintenance of Narmada water supply will cost more than Rs 200 crore per annum, so it is important to increase the revenue collection from water supply.The former secretary water resource department of MP, M S Billore, believes that the city needs to develop satellite towns in order to reduce the burden on civic amenities on the major cities. He said it is easier to develop satellite towns near the water resources instead of providing water from far-flung areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049630", "title": "Fight to bag muslim votes escalates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Presiding over Muslim Sadbhavana Sammelan in western UP, Bharatiya Janata Party MP Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi tries hard to give the party a complete image makeover. In Mathura's Chhata constituency last Thursday, Naqvi could be heard repeating the same lines he had successfully tried out in seven such gatherings earlier. \"Over last 10 years Muslims representation in government jobs has come down by 42% in UP. In saffron belt of MP, Bihar, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh, the figures have gone up by 24% to 38% during the corresponding period. It is the will to empower a community which bears fruit rather than a bogus reservation policy,\" he summed up.Luckily, Naqvi gets a patient hearing unlike in past when he was booed off by maulvis. Have you heard any ulema issue an anti-BJP fatwa in western UP so far? he asked. \"It used to be a near routine poll practice in these areas but this time our message don't vote indiscriminately just to defeat a BJP candidate seems to have gone home,\" he goes on to claim.The smart sales pitch by the BJP's Muslim poster boy may or may not find favour with the target audience, but like his rivals, Naqvi is all geared to give the experiment a final push in last two phases. Muslims can make or break future of all key players in west UP arena, including Rohilkhand where 60 out of 123 constituencies record more than 30% minority presence. In Rampur, Muslim vote-share is pegged at 52.91%, in Morabadad it is 46.12% followed by Bijnor (43.56%), JP Nagar (40.56%) and Saharanpur (41. 49%). Again, barring Lucknow, Barabanki, Siddharthnagar, Bahraich and Balrampur, rest of the 16 districts listed under minority concentrated district (MCD) scheme are from western UP. Reason enough for the escalating fight to bag the largest share of pie among all parties even though BSP leads the pack in number game.BSP was a winner hands down in 2007 assembly election. Omitting 55 seats which have gone drastic changes post-delimitation this time, BSP then won 39, SP 11, BJP 12 and Congress one out of 73 seats. BSP also took the credit for having on its rolls highest number of Muslim MLAs from western UP-- 13, while rival SP showed up with 8, RLD 3 and UDF had 1. In 2009 parliamentry elections, things changed. Despite pitching in for a separate Pashchim Pradesh, BSP tripped on minority support here. SP fared best with nine while BSP cornered only seven out of 30 seats. Congress was confined to three, BJP and RLD got five each. Encouraged by the BSP's plummeting graph in the area, SP, BSP and Congress-RLD are all eager to take up the challenge and try their luck this time.Each has its battle plan ready. Apart from the quota hype -- 4.5% quota for backward Muslims extendable post poll up to 9% -- as promised by the minister for minority affairs Salman Khurshid, its weaver package will also be put to test in Shahjahanpur, Bareilly, Lakhimpur Khiri and JP Nagar belt known for its high Ansari concentrated pockets. The two phases will also determine the future of Congress's new Muslim face -- former SP MP from Saharanpur Rasheed Masood, elevated recently to a special invitee in Congress Working Committee (CWC) to send a strong message across. Apart from banking on his clout in Saharanpur and Muzaffarnagar, the party is also hopeful of encashing his goodwill in Darul Uloom Deoband. The Islamic seminary is known to be a game changer in this part.Though Congress ally RLD already has an edge here. Contrary to expectations, Darul Uloom Deoband has not joined its campaign formally but its well known political offshoot Jamait-ul-Ulema is already campaigning for Congress-RLD alliance in Jatland. Jamait's head Mehmood Madni has held two public meetings to promote Anil Tanwar who is a Congress candidate from Deoband reserved constituency, chairperson of UPCC research wing Tariq Siddiqui claimed. Madni would also campaign extensively in Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, Agra and Aligarh.Then there is also mission 85 - an action plan to garner support in 22 reserved constituencies which have more than 40% Muslims. Led by two dalit leaders, Barabanki MP PL Punia and Ashok Tanwar, the dalit Muslim front comprising ulema community leaders and academicians is out to cover each constituency. Punia hopes that the experiment would find favour with voters tired of BSP's misrule.Samajwadi Party is equally anxious to gain a foothold in the turf considered its weakest due to negligible Yadav support. The party has been trying to fill in the void left by Rasheed Massod's desertion and Mulayam's handshake with Delhi Jama Masjid's imam Ahmad Bukhari on January 28 could be one such attempt. Bukhari has acted strictly on quid pro quo basis, after his son-in-law Mohammad Umar Ali was given ticket from Behat constituency. But this has rattled party veteran Azam Khan. The tallest Muslim leader in the SP camp is said to be sulking in private ever since which could be a matter of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049149", "title": "Pharma Welfare body to protest against bias", "text": "JAIPUR: After the state government decided to give bonus marks to pharmacists working on contractual basis, the Pharma Youth Welfare Sansthan (PYWS) has decided to protest at Vidhan Sabha here against the decision.The medical, health and family welfare department will give bonus marks to the pharmacists who are presently working under the state government in Chief Minister BPL Jeevan Raksha Kosh, National Rural Health Mission, Medi Care Relief Society, AIDS Control Society, Institutes under Cooperative Department or Sahakari Upbhokta Bhandar.The department will give 4 bonus marks to the pharmacists who are working for the past one year. A candidate will get maximum of 20 bonus points depending on the experience he has gained in various state government's schemes.\"Such pharmacists who are working with the state government are more than 1,000 and the posts created by the department are 1,478. By giving bonus marks to their pharmacists, the government has ensured that they will get permanent posts. What about those pharmacists who are jobless? We will protest against the decision as we want jobless pharmacists to have a fair chance for getting jobs,\" PYWS State president Pravin Sen said.Also, the agitating pharmacists demanded that the number of vacancies should be increased. \"The state government has opened more than 14,000 drug distribution counters under chief minister free medicine scheme but advertised for only 1,478 posts. As per the Pharmacy Act, only a pharmacist can distribute medicines at drug distribution centre, so the number of vacancies should be increased,\" Sen said.There are 38,000 pharmacists registered with Rajasthan Pharmacy Council and majority of them are applying for the vacant posts, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12048575", "title": "Is a kid helping in house chores a child labour?", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten-year-old Raghu returns home from school in the afternoon. After lunch, he completes his homework and plays for a while. In the evening, he joins his father at their fruit stall on Arun Kumar Vaidya Marg. He sits there till 10pm, often joined by his mother, while his father attends to other tasks.Seven-year-old Menaka Thakur was brought to Dharavi by her father from Uttar Pradesh so that she could attend school. However, for the last two months she was being made to do all the household work and was also beaten up by her stepmother Aarti Thakur. Her father refused to intervene. The abuse came to light recently, when unable to bear the beating, Aarti ran out of the house crying. The neighbours rushed the battered child to Sion Hospital.Does asking your child to help with household chores, sit in the family shop or even work on the family farm constitutes child labour? Or is it akin to shramdaan (voluntary service)?In view of the prevalence of such incidences and the divergence of views, the Maharashtra government is seeking clarity on the issue. As directed by the state government, a state body for children's rights has invited objections and suggestions from parents, NGOs, child experts, institutions and other stakeholders.\"After the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, declared that employing children under 14 years of age is a crime, we have been receiving complaints of children being made to work by their parents. On the other hand, parents argue that a child helping out at home, in the family business or on the agricultural farm cannot be termed as labour,'' said A N Tripathi, secretary, Maharashtra State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights.The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act exempts children working in their family business as long as it does not interfere with their education. Tripathi said the present interpretation of the law is that it is child labour.\"There have been several instances of children being picked up from family shops, farms, stalls and sent to juvenile homes. Parents have a tough time in securing custody of their child. Also, officials before taking the child away from his/her parents do not inquire whether the child goes to school, how his/her performance in class has been, etc. It causes immense trauma for the child and the parents,'' he said.The advertisement issued by the commission has sought comments and suggestions on the issues under the description: \"Skill and personality development of children (below 18) to achieve their goal of self-reliance and self-sufficiency by doing shramdaan, self-service, in context to child rights.''Asha Bajpai, professor of law at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, said the concept of shramdaan in the context of child rights and labour is very ambiguous and not clear at all. \"It could be misused,'' she said, adding that despite various laws, child labour exists, and regulations are not being implemented. \"In my view, all forms of child labour should be banned. It is high time we take a stand on it. Any work that interferes with the education of a child must be regarded as hazardous and labelled child labour. Agriculture must be included in it as it involves exposure to dangerous pesticides which are hazardous,'' she said.Bajpai added that the Indian Constitution too sent contradictory messages: on the one hand, Article 21A makes right to education from ages 6 to 14 free and compulsory while Article 24 merely prohibits the employment of children below 14 years of age.Dr Samir Dalwai, member of the Juvenile Justice Review Committee, said, guidelines must consider whether asking the child to do a particular job inculcates good habits and benefits the family. The important question is whether such activities keep the child away from school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050265", "title": "Different strokes", "text": "Celebrating artA heady cocktail of dance, drama, music and puppetry is set to uplift the spirits of Hyderabadis next week when the second edition of 'RangaSutra' opens at the Nift auditorium on March 1. The festival, will this time see artistes from across India put up an array of cultural events over a span of four days. The much awaited event will take off with 'Ghalib - A Musical Play' by New Delhi-based Pierrot's Troupe and will see accomplished actor Tom Alter don the character of the legendary poet. The theatre run will continue on Day 2 of the festival with 'Mohenjo Daro', a historical drama about love in times of war put together by Bigbang Theatres, Mumbai. Flutist Jayaprada Ramamurthy &amp; group and noted Kathak dancer Mangala Bhatt will take centrestage on the penultimate day of the event and floor the audience with their signature performances. The same evening will also witness groups from Chennai and Bangalore put up unique dance-drama shows. If one of them will be seen depicting the relationship between Krishna and Draupadi, the other will celebrate friendship in 'Ekaharya' style. The event will close on March 4 with a never-seen-before puppetry show by Gombemane Puppet House, Dharwad, and city-based group Sutradhar's play 'The Untouched'. \"The USP of this festival is that it will have performances in a range of Indian languages, including Tamil, Malayalam, Hindi, Urdu, Bhojpuri and Avadhi, among others,\" said Vinay Varma of Sutradhar.Decoding cultureThrowing an over 18-year-old corporate career to the winds, Dharuni Garikapathy has now taken on a new role - that of an art promoter. Hoping to make her little contribution towards showcasing Indian art works that have failed to attract much attention over the years, Dharuni, has now decided to provide a platform to such forgotten forms of artistry in the city. As her first step, the former executive is now conducting an exhibition under the 'Best Hands India' banner that will showcase intricate crafts of artisans from across the country. From Kalamkari to Madhubani and Teracotta, the expo will have an exhaustive collection of art forms for Hyderabadis to admire and buy from. \"What's special about these products is that they have been directly bought from the artisans either through self help groups or fair trade companies working locally in these areas. For now we have fabrics, accessories and other home decor pieces that we will be putting up at the show,\" Dharuni said. \"I am glad I am being able to do something for my fellow artistes and hope this endeavour proves to be successful,\" she said. The show is scheduled to be held on March 3 and 4 at 'Hyderabad Goes Green' on Banjara Hills, Road No.5.In memory of...On the occasion of the 108th birthday of yesteryears' Bharatnatyam dancer Rukmini Devi, renowned dance historian and critic Sunil Kothari is bringing to town a 45-minute film on the life of the dancing sensation and her much popular Chennai-based dance school, Kalakshetra. Elaborating on the film, a BBC production, Kothari says, \"It was made in 1981 and features the much popular school and the work that goes on there. Even the life of the legendary artiste is shown through photographs in the film.\" Kalakshetra was founded in the year 1936 by the dancer and theosophist after her first successful performance at the Theosophical Society in Adyar (Chennai). The foundation, run by Leela Samson (a student of Rukmini Devi), teaches arts to its students in a traditional gurukul setting. The film will be screened at the dance department of the University of Hyderabad on February 29, the birthday of the dancer.Why Loiter?That was a question three authors Shilpa Phadke, Sameera Khan and Shilpa Ranade had set out to seek answers to while compiling their book 'Why Loiter? Women and Risks on Mumbai Streets'. Now, inspired by the publication, a bunch of students from the University of Hyderabad have set out to do just that in Hyderabad as part of a research project being jointly initiated by the varsity and Goethe Zentrum-Hyderabad. Their findings on the issue of public space in Hyderabad from the perspective of young men and women, complemented by five short films, photography, blogs and panel discussions, will then be presented before the audience at Vidyaranya High School on March 1. \"Two of the authors of the book, Phadke and Ranade, will also be present for the event that is being held as part of our special women's day celebrations,\" said a member of Goethe Zentrum adding, \"A repeat of the screening (documentaries) followed by an interactive session with students of HCU will also be held at the university later that week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12051682", "title": "8 die in road accident near Tirunelveli", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: In a tragic accident, eight persons of a family, including two children, were killed in a road accident when the car in which they were travelling collided with a lorry near Alangulam near Tenkasi in Tirunelveli district, on Sunday afternoon.Police said the eight deceased were returning from Tirunelveli after attending a family function. Only one person from the car managed to escape while the lorry driver also escaped, albeit with severe injuries.The deceased were identified as Arumuga Kalanjiam (55), wife of Ulaganathan of Seevanallur, Jayakumari (37), wife of Kalimuthu of Sivagiri, her daughter Gayathri (13), son Harish (10), their relative G Ammayappar (44) of Melagramam, his son Gowtham (9), daughter Selvi (20) and car driver A Bala (32) of Tenkasi. M Kalimuthu (44) and lorry driver M Velmurugan (37) of Keelaputhaneri in Tirunelveli district have been admitted in the Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital with severe injuries.Police said the families of Ammayappar, working as a senior officer in a wind power generation company, and Kalimuthu, a teacher in a private school had visited Tirunelveli along with their families to participate in the 'valaikappu,' (baby shower) of Jayakumari's sister-in-law. After attending the ceremony, they were returning in the hired car to Tenkasi on Sunday afternoon.When the car neared Alangulam, about 25 km from Tirunelveli, a speeding lorry coming in the opposite direction, rammed into the car. The car was mangled beyond recognition and the inmates were trapped inside. Motorists who passed by the way were shocked at the ghastly accident and immediately informed the ambulance and police officials.However, by the time the ambulance reached the spot, seven of the passengers of the car were found crushed to death on the spot. The health staff rescued Kalimuthu and Harish from the car and rushed them to the government hospital in Tirunelveli. However, Harish succumbed to his injuries on the way while Kalimuthu was admitted with severe injuries all over his body.Police said that they are yet to ascertain what led to the accident. \"There were no eyewitnesses to the accident. Few motorists had crossed by the way only moments after the accident occurred,\" a police officer said.The accident had caused disruption of traffic on the Tirunelveli - Tenkasi Road for nearly an hour until the vehicles were removed to the roadside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12053928", "title": "UP gears up for sixth phase of polling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for the sixth phase of UP assembly elections covering 68 seats spread over 13 districts would be held tomorrow that would decide the fate of RLD's youth face Jayant Chaudhary and state Energy Minister Ramveer Upadhyaya among others.Thirteen districts where polling would be held include Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Bagpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra.\"More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes at 22137 polling centres,\" the Election Commission said. A total of 1103 candidates, including 1017 men and 86 women are in the fray in this phase.To ensure free and fair elections adequate force, including central forces, has been deployed.All the political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD have extensively campaigned in the Jat land of the state.This phase would test the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh led Rashtriya Lok Dal which has its stronghold in the western region of the state.It would also decide the fate of youth face of RLD Jayant Chaudhary, Energy Minister Ramveer Upadhyaya, deputy leader of BJP Legislative Party Hukkum Singh and former minister Rajveer Singh, who is also son of former Chief Minister Kalyan Singh.While Jayant, who is MP from Mathura is contesting from Math seat in Mathura, Energy Minister Ramveer is seeking rerun from Sikandrarau seat in Hathras district.Ramveer's prominence would also be put to test in Sadabad and Dibai seats from where his brother-in-law Satyendra Sharma and brother Vinod Updhayaya are contesting respectively.Ramveer's brother Vinod is pitched against Rajveer Singh, a former minister and son of ex CM Kalyan Singh.Two more cabinet ministers Jaiveer Singh and Dharm Singh Saini are also in the fray in this phase from Barauli and Nakud seats.Popularity of Rashid Masood, who left SP and joined Congress, would also be put to test in this phase as his nephew Imran Masood is in fray from Nakud seat in Saharanpur district.This phase would also decide the impact of an appeal made by Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid Maulana Ahmad Bukahri in favour of SP as his son-in-law Umar Ali is in the fray for Behat seat in Saharanpur disrict.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12051491", "title": "Italian officials inspect fishing boat", "text": "KOLLAM: Were there any warning shots fired? This was the question to which an Italian team of officials, that visited Neendakara on Sunday, sought an answer. The five-member team, comprising two defence experts and three government representatives, visited the fishing boat St Antony, at which the Italian naval guards had allegedly opened fire.The boat, under police custody, is currently anchored near the Neendakara coastal police station.According to police sources, the team which arrived at Neendakara around 2.30pm focussed on finding out whether the marines had fired any warning shots at the boat when they mistook the fishermen for pirates. They looked for marks of fire shots on the peripheral surface of the boat, but could not find any.Warning shots are those shots fired by security personnel of a merchant ship when they come across suspected pirate vessels. The objective is to sink the vessel by perforating the hull of the vessel.Only if there is a counter attack would they fire at individuals. The team also took the photographs of the boat from several angles and made efforts through their sources to gather information regarding the fishing harbour at Neendakara, including the types of boats that visited the harbour.The team was accompanied by the officers of the special investigation team of the state police, including the Kollam crime branch superintendent of police Sam Christy Daniel and district crime records bureau assistant commissioner J Jacob, since the vessel was a crime scene guarded by the police. However, the Italian team did not interact much with the local police as they wanted to form their own opinions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049759", "title": "SMS from railway corp/board to be treated as ERS", "text": "PANAJI: The South Western Railway (SWR) has decided to accept an SMS sent by the Indian railway catering and tourism corporation (IRCTC) or the railways' website on par with electronic reservation slips (ERS) for undertaking a rail journey on e-tickets.In a press note, SWR stated that the railway board had earlier decied to treat the screen shot of the e-ticket displayed through laptops, palmtops, mobile phones referred to as virtual reservation message (VRM) and the mobile reservation message (MRM) for tickets booked on mobile phones, combined with a valid photo ID in original, as an instrument on par with ERS.But the SMS sent by IRCTC/railways should contain vital details of PNR: 4231009529, Train: 17415, DOJ: 23-02-2012, 3AC, UBL to TPTY, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050977", "title": "Throwing light on rights of differently-abled", "text": "Amid fun and frolic at the Leisure Valley, there was a stall dedicated to spreading awareness about rights and facilities mandatory under the law for differently-abled in the city. \"Most people knew only about reservations in jobs and provisions for ramps in public places in the name of facilities for the differently-abled.Literature on different notifications issued by UT administration from time to time was distributed among city residents to make them aware,\" said Davinder Singh Saini, president of Persons with Disabilities Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050387", "title": "Child protection unit mooted for victims of sexual abuse", "text": "KOCHI: The rights of child abuse victims in the state are not protected due to the absence of a child-friendly legal network . Most of the law machinery here, be it the police or the judicial system, are not sensitized to the required level while dealing with children.This was a common perception expressed at a meeting of experts to discuss the setting up of a protection system against child abuse organized by the Kochi-headquartered Human Rights Law Network (HRLN) Kerala. While the Juvenile Justice Act envisages the setting up of a child protection unit, which will be a multidisciplinary network of lawyers, psychologists, police officials, social workers and health professionals. However, it is yet to see the light of the day despite the state reporting increasing number in the sexual abuse of young children.\"We are proposing that the government set up a multidisciplinary task force in Ernakulam as a first step and gradually within a period of two years expand it to 14 districts. \"Since the Child Welfare Committee and the Juvenile Justice Board is in place, putting a task force which involves active and effective participation of individuals representing law enforcement community, judges and attorneys involved in civil and criminal court proceedings related to child abuse including sexual abuse and neglect is very important,\" said Sandhya Raju, advocate and director, HRLN.Earlier, the consultation meet was inaugurated by K Padmakumar IG, Ernakulam who emphasised the need for a collaborative effort among the various agencies for protecting children needing support from the law.The keynote speaker was Shaibya Saldanah, director, Bangalore-based NGO Enfold, which works closely with the Karnataka state commission on child rights in addressing the issues related to children facing abuse in that state. She suggested the need for a multidisciplinary approach in addressing the issue of child abuse.Referring to the child protection unit in Philippines, she recommended the setting up a unit similar to that in India. Among others who spoke on the need for a multidisciplinary approach as there was a severe lack of awareness among the authorities dealing with the child victims, Meena Kuruvilla, selection committee member, Child Welfare committees and Beena Sebastian, chairperson Cultural academy for peace spoke on the need for an effective rehabilitative mechanism. Trial court advocates Geo Paul and Sandhya J spoke on the insensitivities of the people in the law while questioning child victims and being insensitive to the trauma and fear a child faces in an adult-environment, even if it is an in-camera trial.Fr Kuriakose, Juvenile Justice Board member spoke on the kind of cases appearing before the Board and how it was reflecting the vulunerability of children in the society. Dr CJ John talked about the role of medical experts in the child protection system and suggested that the media stop addressing the victims as 'Paravoor sex victim, Kothamangalam sex victim' etc. \"Now tourist operators are showing the houses of the victims as a must-see place. The victim can never go back there,\" he said.Among others who spoke included Fr Gilton Childline, Fr Anthony, Director Don Bosco and Bobby from Mahila Samakya also spoke with respect to the lacunae in the existing system and the need for coordinated approach with linkages and networking among NGO and government machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051445", "title": "Conference on psychology", "text": "An international conference on applied psychology at Panjab University stressed on the right emphasis on collaboration and joint research work. Lars Eric Unestahl, a world famous mental trainer, demonstrated how integrated mental training and positive psychology delivers better results in sports , cognitive achievement and management.Insight into Android: A guest lecture on Android applications and how it overpowered the mobile industry was organized at SGGS College, Sector 26. Vipin Bhatnagar, assistant professor, department of physics, Panjab University, gave an insight into the development of Android applications and background of operating systems for smart phones.6th science congress: Deliberating on issues of research opportunities and inter-disciplinary approach in sciences, the 6th Chandigarh Science Congress (CHASCON) was inaugurated at the law auditorium in Panjab University on Sunday. Dr A K Singh, director, HRD, DRDO, was the guest of honour. He spoke about the use of radio tracers in health and disease. Dr Y K Chawla stressed on the need for younger generation to take notice of obesity , which can turn out to be a major health issue.Echocardiography workshop: On the concluding day of the \"6th Perioperative and critical care transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) workshop\" organized by the department of anaesthesiology and intensive care, PGI, a session was devoted to the use of the technique in non-cardiac surgery and in the ICU. Dr Fiehn from Germany stressed on the hospital management's perspective on TEE. There were lectures on infective endocarditis and intracardiac masses. The technique of transthoracic echocardiography was demonstrated on children with various congenital heart defects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054796", "title": "AR Rahman performs at Oscars 2012", "text": "Music maestro AR Rahman, who had performed at the Academy awards last year, returned to the prestigious ceremony as a part of the Oscars band.\"Oscar sangamam - If you are watching the Oscars live, catch our Oscar superband headed by Hans Zimmer perform tonight,\" Rahman posted on Facebook, alongwith a photo of his co-performers.The 46-year-old composer, who won two Oscars in 2009 for \" Slumdog Millionaire \", pleased the audience throughout Sunday night's ceremony with his instrumentals and vocals. He had performed his tracks from the film '127 Hours' at the Oscars last year.At the 84th Academy Awards, \"The Dark Knight Rises\" composer Hans Zimmer was the show's musical consultant with Pharell Williams .The performances at the ceremony included Esperanza Spalding's rendition of Louis Armstrong's 'What a Wonderful World' as a tribute to the dozens of entertainment industry professionals who died in the last 12 months, including Jane Russell , Whitney Houston , Elizabeth Taylor and Etta James .There was also an interlude from Cirque du Soleil . The circus gymnasts took on an old-school cinema theme, performing backflips in bell-boy outfits, cocktail dresses and tuxedos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12050074", "title": "74-yr-old killed in bid to resist robbery", "text": "DURGAPUR: A 74-year-old retired employee of Durgapur Steel Plant was murdered when he reportedly tried to resist a gang of dacoits at the City Centre area of Durgapur on Saturday evening. The victim, Dilip Kumar Bose, is the father of sub-inspector Shampa Bose, the officer in charge of the first all-woman police station in Asansol.On Saturday, neighbours noticed that the main door to Bose's house was open. On entering the house, they found Dilip lying in a pool of blood in his house. Police took the body to the hospital where he was declared dead. The victim was alone in the house at the time of the incident. since his younger daughter Sonali, a private firm employee, was away.Within half an hour of getting the news, Ajay Kumar Nand, police commissioner of Asansol - Durgapur, and Durgapur West MLA Apurba Mukherjee reached the spot. Sniffer dogs were taken to the spot, but they failed to provide any clue.Shampa Bose also rushed to the spot. Talking to TOI, Police commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur, Ajay Kumar Nand said that prima facie it seems that miscreants tried to loot the house. When the victim tried to resist, they might have fired at him. Some objects were found lying on the floor which indicated that the gang may have raided the house, Nand said. He has directed Durgapur Police to initiate a search for the miscreants and arrest the culprits.With children staying abroad or elsewhere in the country, elderly people had become soft targets of anti-social elements in the area, alleged locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12049496", "title": "62% farmers cannot meet educational needs: Survey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A recent survey on government's plan to shift small and marginal farmers away from unprofitable agriculture and engage them in economically viable activities, has found the government initiatives lacking in preparing the farmers undertake the transition.The survey conducted in 50 villages by Punjab Farmers Commission has revealed that 62% of Punjab farmers holding land up to 10 acres do not earn enough to take care of their educational needs.The survey has revealed that the dropout rate among the farmers' children is so high that only 0.4% of students reach the post graduation level and only 5% get technical education. Also, only 73% of posts of teachers are filled in rural areas.The rural schools are facing an economic exclusion - majority of these students being from scheduled castes. Farmers of upper strata of villages are sending their children to private schools, which however do not have qualified and sufficient staff.The survey found that in a test conducted in 147 government and 174 private schools on the syllabus of class V and VI syllabus, only 16% students of mathematics and 31% of science in the government school could answer questions. The same ratio in private schools was 3% and 8% respectively. And 12% and 16% of mathematics and science students respectively in government schools could not offer a single answer. In private schools, 21% students just could not offer any reply about questions on mathematics.The study has suggested that a separate cadre of rural teachers should be created and that a teacher should work for 10 years in rural areas before being transferred to urban areas. For ensuring attendance of teachers, biometric and SMS-based attendance should be introduced, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12050699", "title": "Student hangs self", "text": "MYSORE: A 22-year-old girl student allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself to a fan in a room here on Saturday. According to police, Milana, daughter of H S Nataraj, hanged herself using a veil at a paying guest accommodation in Nala Beedhi near Chamaraja Double Road. She was pursuing second year BA ( Journalism ) at Mahajana College.The incident, that took place at 2pm, came to light at 4.30pm when Milana's roommate Chandini came to the room, and seen the body through the window, police said, and quoted her suicide note that read:''No one is responsible for my death but it's a punishment for my mistake.'' Police are checking the call details of her cellphone since Milana was talking for hours together in the wee hours of Friday.Milana, a native of Hadya village in Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan, was residing in the city for the past two years. A complaint has been registered at KR police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049936", "title": "Man arrested for molesting 4-yr-old girl", "text": "MUMBAI: A 37-year-old man was arrested on Sunday for molesting a four-year-old girl. The accused, Sunil Joshi , was drunk at the time of the incident. Locals thrashed Joshi before handing him over to the cops.The incident took place at Sai Nagar in Kandivli (W), where the accused had gone to meet a relative. Joshi, who is employed with an automobile giant as a labour contractor, was roaming in the neighbourhood when he spotted the victim. He took the child to a desolate spot on the pretext of giving her chocolates, the police said.\"Joshi was touching the girl inappropriately when a resident saw him and alerted others,\" a police officer said. \"Both the victim and the accused have been sent for a medical examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049427", "title": "2 arrested for smuggling liquor into city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government's excise department on Sunday arrested two men allegedly involved in smuggling liquor. The department seized about 700 liquor bottles and impounded three cars that were used smuggling alcohol into the city.A joint team of Excise Intelligence Bureau and police seized the liquor bottles from Mehrauli and Okhla Industrial areas. The liquor stock included 368 imported liquor bottles and they were being brought to Delhi in an unauthorized manner, officials in excise department said.Three cases under section 33 of Delhi Excise Act have been registered against the accused.The foreign liquor bottles were of various brands such as Chivas Regal, Fuel Vodka, Nine Hills White Wine, Nine Hills Red Wine and Blender Pride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051020", "title": "Renovate, don\u2019t rebuild, say vendors", "text": "The authorities may be contemplating retaining the colonial facade of Russell Market while rebuilding the interiors from the scratch.But on Sunday, a day after a fire ravaged 174 shops, vendors categorically opposed the idea of rebuilding and said they would approach the BBMP soon on this. Any construction work, they fear, will take away their shops for a long time, leaving them with no alternative.\"We want them to renovate the market, not rebuild it. If they start rebuilding it, it will take months for them to finish it. We can't afford to be unemployed for so long. Let there be modifications to ensure safety. At the same time, ensure that we do not lose out business,\" said Nazeer Ahmed, a vendor.Relocation as an option is unthinkable for the vendors. \"We get business because we are in Russell Market. If we are taken out of here, we will have nothing left. The government plans include relocation,\" claimed Siraj, another vendor. BBMP officials, however, said they have no clear plan as yet. \"We don't want to take a hasty decision. First we want to discuss the matter with all the stakeholders,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050913", "title": "Danapur college plans to tie up with UK varsity", "text": "PATNA: B S College, Danapur, one of the oldest constituent colleges of Magadh University (MU), is likely to sign an MoU with a UK-based university to start teaching in the specialized branch of economics and finance management at Degree level. The college has prepared a blueprint for the proposed new course which would be introduced soon after getting approval from MU VC and the University Academic Council, said college principal Praveen Kumar .According to him, the London School of Economics has designed its own new condensed course of studies for BSc level teaching in economics and finance, economics and accounts, banking and finance, economics and management and others. Since the college is already imparting teaching in banking and finance at Degree level, introduction of these studies would provide opportunities to the talented and poor students, including girls, studying at the college, he said.PG in journalism: B S College, Danapur, has got approval from the university to start postgraduate (PG) teaching in journalism as well as Degree level teaching in commerce from July this year. Admission in both the courses would be held in June this year purely on merit basis, the principal said.Foreign collaboration: A N College, Patna, has tied a link with a Sri Lankan university to exchange cultural activities as well as in the field of advanced learning. A team of three teachers from the college visited Sri Lanka recently in this connection, said college principal Haridwar Singh. According to him, the college has also decided to exchange views and ideas in the field of waste management with a UK-based university. Details have been worked out in this connection, he said.NSS volunteers: NSS volunteers of A N College have launched a literacy drive in the slum areas of Rajbansi Nagar in the state capital. Hundreds of children, who were begging alms, were motivated by these volunteers to go to schools. This drive would continue under NSS social activity programme, Singh said.PG teaching: T P S College, Patna, will introduce PG teaching in botany, zoology, chemistry, political science and Urdu from July this year to cater to the needs of students. MU has already permitted the college to start PG teaching in these subjects, said college principal Baban Singh.Farewell function: J D Women's College students of English department gave a warm farewell to outgoing English Honours students at the college on Saturday. A variety of cultural programme was held to mark the occasion, said college principal Usha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12057848", "title": "AR Rahman performs at Oscars 2012", "text": "Music maestro AR Rahman, who had performed at the Academy awards last year, returned to the prestigious ceremony as a part of the Oscars band.\"Oscar sangamam - If you are watching the Oscars live, catch our Oscar superband headed by Hans Zimmer perform tonight,\" Rahman posted on Facebook, alongwith a photo of his co-performers.The 46-year-old composer, who won two Oscars in 2009 for \" Slumdog Millionaire \", pleased the audience throughout Sunday night's ceremony with his instrumentals and vocals. He had performed his tracks from the film '127 Hours' at the Oscars last year.At the 84th Academy Awards, \"The Dark Knight Rises\" composer Hans Zimmer was the show's musical consultant with Pharell Williams.The performances at the ceremony included Esperanza Spalding's rendition of Louis Armstrong's 'What a Wonderful World' as a tribute to the dozens of entertainment industry professionals who died in the last 12 months, including Jane Russell , Whitney Houston , Elizabeth Taylor and Etta James.There was also an interlude from Cirque du Soleil. The circus gymnasts took on an old-school cinema theme, performing backflips in bell-boy outfits, cocktail dresses and tuxedos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048366", "title": "Money, liquor fuelled anti-Kudankulam nuclear stir: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In response to anti-Kudankulam nuclear plant protestors threatening to sue Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the government is ready to reveal records showing how foreign funds were used to give local agitators daily handouts of money, food and liquor.The government is ready to back its charge that groups opposed to the Kudankulam nuclear plant diverted donations received under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act for purposes other than stated objectives like health and education. The money helped sustain the stir at Kudankulam.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) has denied that it has used any inducements to motivate protestors.Government sources said an investigation into the use of foreign funds and local reports showed that agitators were being given a daily food packet and liquor besides Rs 500 a day. \"We are ready to reveal the records with the government,\" said the sources.PMANE convenor S P Udaykumar has said he is prepared to file a defamation suit against the PM for insinuating foreign funds were used to fund the stir. He has said that while he is on the expert panel of reconciliation resource network attached to the Sweden-based Institute of Democratic and Electoral Alliance (IDEA), he has nothing to do with money transactions.The face-off between the agitators and the government is likely to deepen as the Centre does not seem ready to back off and the ant-nuclear protestors may be asked to explain use of large amounts of foreign funding received by organizations that have rallied local fisherfolk against the project.\"We have received certain reports about the NGOs in Tirunelveli and Thuthukudi around the Kudankulam project being funded by organizations from US and Scandinavian countries. This is based on home ministry investigations,\" MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy said.The role of church groups has also been commented upon with some quarters feeling that the clergy is worried that the economic benefits of the power plant might wean local population from their traditional lifestyles and beliefs.The National Council of Churches in India (NCCI) had initiated an email campaign asking the Union Cabinet to rescind the project. The Church of South India had also expressed concern over likely environmental and health hazards.With the PM naming foreign NGOs for backing the agitation and three outfits being banned, the government is ready to push on with the commissioning of the first 1,000 mw unit once it has received the green signal from the Tamil Nadu government.Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha had earlier requested the Centre to place the operationalisation of the plant on hold pending resolution of the concerns expressed by local communities. A state government appointed expert group has examined the plan and is due to submit its report. \"Once the report is in, the plant will be commissioned,\" said official sources.As the months wore on, the state government was assured that the plant met high standards of safety and that those opposed to it were fundamentally against use of nuclear power.The Fukushima disaster in Japan where a giant tsunami led to a crippling power breakdown saw release of radioactive steam and a series of explosions and three reactors experienced full meltdown has prompted fresh global worry over nuclear plants. This saw the agitation against Kudankulam gather pace although the plant is on the verge of completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051161", "title": "'Maharashtra lagging behind in industrial development'", "text": "The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association is one of the most active industry bodies in Nashik district, with a membership of 2,500 small, medium and large industries. AIMA president Dyaneshwar Gopale spoke to TOI about the body's initiatives to promote industries in the Ambad MIDC area in the city.What are the problems industries are facing in Nashik?Bad roads and garbage disposal are the major concerns in Ambad MIDC. The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) had constructed roads in E, W, and M sectors, but the condition of roads in other parts of the industry has deteriorated. In particular, the roads from Power House to Introl India, and Poonam Hotel to Datar Switchgear are spoilt. There are around 50-60 plating units in Ambad and Satpur MIDC, but an effluent treatment plant (ETP) has yet not been constructed.What is AIMA doing to promote industries in the region?With an aim to promote industries in the region, we organize a trade fair in Nashik once every three years. Besides, we also organize B2B (Business to Business) meetings with large-scale companies. This year, around 14 small- and medium-scale companies from Nashik got contracts from the large units. Moreover, we also take delegations of industrialists to international trade fairs. We have also started updating the industrial directory, which is expected to be released shortly.What is AIMA's role in the octroi issue?Right from the beginning, we are of the opinion that octroi should be cancelled, but this request has gone in vain. There is no octroi in other states in the country; it exists only in Maharashtra. The decision of cancelling octroi is only in the hands of the state government. The state is lagging behind on grounds of industrial development and industries from the state are moving towards other states. Hence, the government should immediately take a decision on octroi.What are the issues pending with the government?According to new government rules, security cabins can't be set up at the entrance gate of the industries. The decision taken by the government is completely wrong. Security checks or registration of visitors are done at the entrance gate of the companies, not inside. We recently held meetings with the government, but no decision has been taken so far in this connection. Moreover, during registration of industrial plots, labour cess is also charged as per the ready reckoner rates. Why should labour cess be charged if the government has already fixed the plot rates? We have also demanded separate police stations for industrial areas like Ambad and Satpur sections of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) for the safety of workers and industries. We have raised this issue several times, but nothing has been done in this connection.Is the growth of industry in the district satisfactory? If not, why?The growth of industry in Nashik is not satisfactory. There is only one mother unit in Nashik, i.e. Mahindra &amp; Mahindra. On the contrary, there are several automobile companies in Pune. Hence, like Pune, automobile companies must come to Nashik. But large companies can't come here due non-availability of land here. We have been following up the issue with the state government. Secondly, farmers are also opposing land acquisition here.How many sick industries are there in Nashik? What are the reasons behind this trend? What is AIMA doing in this connection?There are around 150 sick industries in the Ambad, Satpur and Sinnar areas of the MIDC. There are different reasons for this, like financial problems, union issues, etc. The government must sort out the problems of these sick industries and allot plots to other industries wanting to set up their base in the Nashik district.Are industries getting enough power?There are no complaints regarding power. Industries are getting enough power here.Is infrastructure in MIDC areas good enough? What is lacking?Nashik's MIDC areas are better as compared to others in the state. The condition of roads has deteriorated at some locations. The commissioner of the NMC has promised to earmark Rs 5 crore every year for developmental work for the MIDC areas of Nashik. There will be no infrastructural issues if the NMC administration spends the amount for industrial areas every year.Industry is blamed for the closure of the Nashik-Mumbai air service. Why are industries not patronizing the air service?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "egra(east midnapore)", "code": "12050026", "title": "Two rape accused 'lynched' by villagers", "text": "EGRA(EAST MIDNAPORE): Two youths were allegedly beaten to death by villagers on Saturday night after they allegedly raped a woman, snatched her belongings and left her in a field bleeding profusely.Villagers, however, denied lynching the youths, claiming they were alive when they were handed over to police.As allegations and counter-allegations (by police and villagers) flew thick and fast, East Midnapore SP Asoke Prasad and ASP (Contai) Ujjal Bhowmik rushed to Egra's Dubdu village to handle the probe themselves. \"The case is being investigated and all complaints are being looked into,\" Prasad said.The ASP said the victim, now in hospital, alleged that she was raped. A police team has been deployed to keep vigil in the area.The victim - a 38-year-old housewife - helped her husband to manage his grocery shop. On Saturday, he had left for home early, leaving her to down the shutters and bring the day's earnings home. Around 10 pm, the victim left alone for home, which is barely a 10 minutes' walk. A part of this stretch, however, is desolate. On this stretch, two youths in their early thirties accosted her and dragged her to a nearby field. After stealing her jewellery and cash, they forced themselves on her, assaulting her severely to stop her from resisting.The woman's muffled screams for help alerted villagers returning home. When they realized villagers were nearby, the duo - later identified as Shibu Jana (32) and Snehamoy Bar (32) - fled and took refuge in the nearby bushes. But the villagers hunted them down and beat them up severely.Ramkrishna Nandi, a local resident, admitted that the villagers had indeed beaten the duo up. \"But sometime close to midnight, a team from Egra police station came to the spot where around a thousand people had gathered. The two youths, unconscious but alive, were picked up in the vehicle. But on Sunday morning, the bodies were found near the Dubdu gram panchayat office,\" he alleged. Another villager, Nandigopal Sheet, too, alleged the same. Villagers believe the cops thrashed the youths to death and are now falsely implicating the villagers of lynching them.Police, on the other hand, said when they came to take away the bodies on Sunday morning, the villagers didn't let them. Refusing to hand over the bodies till police came clean on their allegations, the villagers later gave in when they were assured of a thorough probe into their complaints and that villagers who were not involved in the brutal assault would not be victimized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049695", "title": "Uncertain future stares at TET candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Archana successfully qualified the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) held in November 2011 and was looking towards a better future. But this computer teacher in a school, who draws a paltry salary of Rs 4,000, is crestfallen ever since TET anomalies came to the fore. Archana says: \"Qualifying TET and getting a job was the only hope I had for better survival. But, it seems the government has left us nowhere. I doubt whether there will be any recruitments or not.''With two kids and separated from her husband, survival for Archana has been tough. \"Those who have eaten our money have no idea how we managed it. Spending nearly Rs 3,000 for a person like me is not easy,'' she says angrily. She had scored 101 marks (out of 150) in TET (primary schools), and 117 marks (out of 150) for TET (upper primary schools).Conducted for the first time by state secondary education department on November 13, 2011, TET was surrounded in anomalies since beginning. On February 8, then secondary education director Sanjay Mohan was arrested for duping TET candidates by promising them success in the test. Mohan was charged with cheating, criminal conspiracy, and Anti-Corruption Act. On February 25, he was slapped with Gangster Act by Akbarpur police, Ramabai Nagar. The scam has now left candidates in a state of shock as uncertainty looms over their future.But Archana is not the lone candidate. Ask Pratyush Mishra, who secured 112 in the first paper and 111 in the second, and he says: \"This government job for me was like a penny thrown in a beggar's bowl. The financial conditions at my home are not positive and unemployment has taken its toll. While education officials are enjoying on our money, we are at the receiving end.''On an average, Pratyush had spent nearly Rs 30,000 for appearing in TET. More than 25,000 were paid for coaching classes, rest for application forms and speed posts. \"They (secondary education department) asked us to pay Rs 500 for each district where we want a job. And even after following every rule and regulation, we had to see such a day,'' he said.Foreseeing her bleak future, a visually impaired Suprabha Verma said: \"My father is a farmer. One of my brother works in a battery shop and two others do not work. In such financial strain, I chose to appear for TET as I finished BEd only last year. I wanted to help my family and also be self-dependent.''TET, for Shailendra Prasad Shukla, a native of Azamgarh, was not only a handsome source of income but also a golden opportunity to enhance quality of education. \"In my village, there are people who are not well qualified but are teachers in primary schools. I could not get a job because of poor marks in lower standards. TET was a medium to show your talent and I was successful in doing that. But in the present situation, things seem to get worsen.'' Shailendra's TET score is a good124 marks.Avantika Shukla, another candidate, vents out her anger on the government. \"After much hulabaloo for fair recruitment of teachers in primary and upper primary schools, TET turned out to be a mere cash earner for the secondary education officials. The candidates are left no where. All we have is a hope that things will get better.''Supporting candidates, state secretary, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS), RP Mishra said: \"It's a scam worth crores. Most of the candidates who appeared for TET belonged to not very sound families. In many cases, this was their only effort for daily bread and butter. It's high time that the corrupt should be punished and recruitment for candidates begins.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049627", "title": "SpeakAsia laundered Rs 700 crore with help from UAE firm: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Police are probing the role of an international firm in the SpeakAsia scam.They said a link had been established between Seven Rings International, a UAE-based firm, and the multi-level marketing company being investigated for fraud.Sources said that the economic offences wing (EOW) found evidence to prove the nexus. \"SpeakAsia office-bearers have been denying links with Seven Rings International, but we have got documentary evidence,\" said a police officer.A source said Seven Rings entered into an agreement with SpeakAsia Pte ( Singapore ) and Haren Ventures Pvt Ltd. \"Seven Rings offered to act as a publisher for SpeakAsia surveys but on the condition that they get 60% profit while SpeakAsia got 40%. Seven Rings said it had a wider reach and the agreement would be beneficial to SpeakAsia. They promised to publish an electronic magazine (e-zine) too,\" said the source.EOW arrested 10 persons allegedly associated with SpeakAsia last year following complaints from investors that they had been cheated. The investors had said that they had been sold web subscriptions for Rs11,000 each, and in return for filling survey forms for multinational firms, had been promised annual payments of Rs52,000. But the money, they said, had not been paid.The police are hunting for SpeakAsia's Indian head, Manojkumar Sharma and its global chief Haren Kaur.\"SpeakAsia entered into the agreement in February 2011 to avoid tax agencies. \"While Elia De Prisco signed papers on behalf of Seven Rings, Sharma signed them for SpeakAsia,\" said the source. Prisco is said to be an Italian who organizes business lectures and seminars across the world.The police suspect that Sharma is behind the Brazilian firm Mister Colibri (mistercolibri.com and colibrimakemoney.com), which op-erates on the same model as SpeakAsia and lists Sharma as its largest investor.The police suspect that over Rs700 crore was laundered from India with help from Seven Rings.Investigators said AdMatrix, another company, was involved in SpeakAsia's operations.Colibri promises investors large annual returns for watching advertisements on a video-sharing web site and EOW found that it was using the same backend codes as AdMatrix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051280", "title": "Batras make grand plans for son's birthday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 67-year-old resident of Sector 40 and a retired superintendent from Panjab University, B L Batra is all set to celebrate his leap year born son's birthday with a grand bash this year.Born on February 29, 1976, his son Jatinder Batra, will be away from home for the first time in 36 years on this birth date. A chartered accountant by profession, Jatinder is away to London on an official tour and is likely to get promoted shortly. Despite his absence, the family back home is in celebration mode.\"His birthday has been a special date for all members of our family. Except once every four years when we get a chance to celebrate his actual birth date, we have been celebrating his birthday on March 1. With no hesitation to quote his birth date in records, all his school and other documents contain his original date, which is February 29,\" added B L Batra.Jatinder, who completed his BCom honours from PU went on to do his CA from London and eventually got placed in a bank's division in Gurgaon. Born on the special date, he has always been an exceptional student and obedient son, cites a proud father. \"I believe because he was born on this special date, he has been a very bright student. He made us very proud by ranking third in the city in Class XII Boards with commerce stream,\" added Batra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049123", "title": "Cops prepare sketches in Santa Cruz robbery case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Santa Cruz police are preparing identity sketches of the three men who assaulted a jewellery salesman at a crowded street and robbed him of jewellery on Saturday. The victim, Mahavir Parikh, is now stable. The police have not been able to ascertain the value of the jewellery stolen. No arrests have been made yet.Parikh (39), a resident of Andheri (E), was attacked outside Shabri restaurant on Tilak Road near the Santa Cruz railway station. The accused-trio arrived in an auto and threatened Parikh with a chopper and revolver. They attacked him with the chopper, injuring his left thigh, before snatching his bag of jewellery. They then forced the auto driver, Ramesh Pandit (29), out and decamped with his vehicle.\"We are trying to trace the auto as we have the registration number. We have recorded the statements of Pandit and Parikh and the description of the offenders,\" said a senior official. Parikh is recuperating at the Asha Parekh Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050411", "title": "Swiss company shows interest in Butibori officials scouting for land to set up unit", "text": "NAGPUR: A Swiss industrial pump-maker has shown interest in taking up land in the Butibori Industrial estate. A team of officials from this company which is scouting for around 13 acres of land to set up a manufacturing unit as well as servicing facility had visited Nagpur, which is one of the prospective destinations for its proposed venture. Sources say that the MIDC has received a few inquiries also for the new Butibori estate, which is an extension of the existing area by 1500 hectares.As the pump-maker wants land in the existing estate at Butibori, MIDC has also recently received inquiries from a steel major planning to acquire around 200 acres in the extended area. However, it is too early to decide the case as much of the ground work needs to be done. This includes taking over possession of land, carving out plots and setting up other infrastructure, said a senior official in MIDC's headquarters at Mumbai.Local industrialists who briefed the Swiss company's representatives along with those from the MIDC, say they are hopeful that it may choose Nagpur as the site. President of Butibori Manufacturers' Association (BMA) Hemant Ambaselkar said that as far as the service sector is concerned the company can start it right away and the plant can follow soon.MIDC officials also confirmed the visit by the company's officials. There are plans to pump in over Rs 200 crore in this project, said a source in BMA.\"This company is engaged in making high-power pump used in power, petroleum and waster water processing industries. With the presence of a large number of power plants in the region, Nagpur can indeed be an ideal site for a company which also makes pumps to be used in power generation units,\" said Ambaselkar. Nagpur also has enough casting and metallurgy units which can work as ancillaries to this unit, he added.The company has a single plant in India, but there are manufacturing facilities in Brazil, China, Mexico and South Africa.The steel maker on the other hand is one of the top players in the sector having a capacity of over 2 million tonnes. It has three units in the country including one in the state.Nagpur is on the radar of several industries as the tenure in the tax holiday zones of the country are nearing an end. With goods and services tax (GST) on the cards, which will do away with inter-state taxes, Nagpur due to its central location is expected to come up as a hub of logistics activities. Auto major Maruti has already acquired land in Butibori for the same purpose with the facility expected to be ready soon, said a source in the Vidarbha Industries' Association (VIA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12055133", "title": "Apple iPad to get Adobe photo apps", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Adobe Systems Inc , taking another step toward making its software more compatible with Apple Inc's devices, released a pared-down version of Photoshop editing software for the iPad.Photoshop Touch, a tablet-computer version of Adobe's Photoshop, includes features for combining images and applying photo effects to create printed pages and websites. The software, which already runs on Google Inc's Android operating system, will sell for $9.99 in Apple's iTunes App Store.Adobe planned an announcement today to mark the start of the Mobile World Congress , scheduled to run through March 1 in Barcelona . Adobe, the largest maker of graphic-design software, is delivering more tablet- and Web-based versions of programs as it moves beyond personal-computer software. The San Jose , California-based company is also adapting products for the increasingly popular HTML 5 programming language and cloud- computing software.The changes are intended to accommodate an industry shift away from Adobe's older Flash technology and ensure that Adobe programs run on devices from Apple, which had barred Flash from iPhones and iPads .In addition to the iPad version of Photoshop Touch, Adobe released a test version of Air software that lets Flash developers create applications running on Android and on Apple's iOS operating system.Game performance Air 3.2 includes the ability for applications to use graphics processors in tablets and smartphones to improve the performance of games, Danny Winokur, an Adobe vice president, said in a telephone interview. The final version of the software will be released in March.Another new product, Project Primetime, will let broadcasters publish copy-protected Internet videos while enjoying the ability to insert ads and measure viewership.Adobe's creative-solutions division supplied 41 per cent of the company's gross profit last quarter and delivered a gross margin of 97 per cent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg . In November, Adobe said it would concentrate its development and sales on digital publishing and advertising to seek new revenue streams.The company's Digital Publishing Suite is used by companies such as Martha Stewart Omnimedia Inc (MSO) and Conde Nast Publications to create tablet-computer versions of magazines. Readers downloaded about 16 million digital issues created with the software in the past 12 months, Winokur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051358", "title": "'Autobotix' eyes NASA award", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With high hopes and great expectations of winning NASA's System Engineering Award, this group comprising 10 students-cum-friends is all set to fly to NASA with their three aircraft projects on March 6. Proud to have qualified for the competition out of 500 universities from around the world, Autobotix, as they call themselves, are preparing hard for the competition since three months.From importing the required equipments from various countries to turning them into flying machines , this group has done it all by themselves. \"A total of 500 universities from around the world had applied for the competition. Out of these 500, 63 have been selected with five teams being from India. We are one of the five teams,\" said Raunaq Singh Loomba, the team captain.From test flying the machines to correcting the faults identified, the group is all set to win laurels for the country with their two large-scale RC aircrafts and one Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV). \"We have won various national awards too and are confident that we will win this competition. Our UAV is sure to win with its unique features and innovation,\" said Sahil Kamboj, a team member.Elaborating on their project UAV's features, Aakash Adlakha, said, \"It has the capacity to carry more pay load than its own weight. This aircraft is hand launched and needs to be detached and put in a box while carrying. What would come as a real challenge for us in this competition is the one minute time that has been allotted to open, assemble, start and launch the aircraft. However, we have been practicing it every day.\"And what got Autobotix together says Sahijbir Singh is the passion for flying. \"Each member of the team specializes in different things which worked to our advantage. Plus, a common passion for flying fueled the driving force,\" he said. About their team's USP, Diwakar Arora, said, \"Unlike other teams participating in the competition, our team's expertise is robotics. All other teams comprise students of aeronautical engineering. Whatever knowledge we have gained about the field is from practical learning at our own level.\" Other members of the team include Jeet Saini, Udit Singhal, Deepak Sharma, Prateek Kaushik and Pukar Pandey. All the students are studying in Maharishi Markandeshwar University, Mullana, and belong to Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana, Sikkim and HP . The competition will be held from March 16 to 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049444", "title": "Capital cry to bring back kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: They broke down as they spoke about little Aishwarya (1) and Abhigyan (3) who were taken away by Norwegian child welfare service, Barnevarne, in May last year. The kids' maternal grandparents Manatosh and Shikha Chakrabarti tried all means to be reunited with the children, including seeking help of the external affairs ministry.Weary and angry, they have come to Delhi from Kolkata to protest in front of the embassy of Norway starting Monday. They are demanding that the government get the children released from the custody of Norwegian child care service before March 8. \"The children's visa expires on March 8. We have had enough and we want our kids back no matter what. The Norwegian government is committing a human rights' violation by snatching children away from their mother. We know that most child rights' agencies are with us in this crusade,\" said Shikha.She vainly tried to fight back tears as she recounted the family's ordeal on being separated from the kids on May 11, 2011. \"Do you know the pain of a mother who has been separated from the baby she has just given birth to? Aishwarya was taken away when she was four months old and still being fed on mother's milk. My daughter Sagarika went through immense mental and physical pain,\" she said. Bernevarne took the children away from their parents, who were deemed unfit to look after them.\"On what basis have they drawn the conclusion that the parents are not fit to bring up their children? They even alleged that my daughter, Sagarika, was mentally unfit to take care of them. But they did not have any evidence to support these claims. In fact, my daughter is a graduate in clinical nutrition and dietetics, and could not have been better equipped to attend to the children. They were so healthy and happy,\" Shikha added. Sagarika also got medical certificates from local doctors, who certified her to be fit to raise the kids, she said.Manatosh recounted the time when the parents and grandparents met the kids at Stavanger for an hour after almost three months. \"It's was a moment I will never forget. After an hour was up, they almost wrenched the kid away from the mother's arms. The kids have become quieter and look scared. Abhigyan has forgotten his mother tongue, Bengali, and Aishwarya can barely recognize her parents. We fear they are going through a lot of trauma,\" he said.In November last year, a Norwegian court had ordered that the children would live in a foster home till they turned 18. Since then, the kids have been kept with three foster families. \"How can the children have a normal upbringing if their foster parents get changed so many times? The third time, they kept Aishwarya and Abhigyan in separate homes, which I am sure will impact them,\" added Manatosh.The Chakrabartis were recently informed that the Norwegian child care services have appealed for extension of the children's visa. \"How can Bernevarne appeal for their visa extension when their parents and family are here? It's illegal. The Norwegian government should get the kids released immediately,\" he said. Shikha and Manatosh appealed to Delhiites to show solidarity by participating in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12048990", "title": "NRHM scam: UP wants CBI probe into clerk\u2019s death", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday recommended a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the mysterious death of health department clerk Mahendra Sharma in Lakhimpur. The clerk was handling a section of the NRHM-funded project at Pasgawan community health centre in Lakhimpur and his body was recovered a week after he went missing on February 7.While the police had initially claimed that Sharma had committed suicide, the victim's family insisted that he was murdered. His autopsy report revealed he died of smothering. After the death was highlighted by the media, the police lodged an FIR against six people, including Sharma's boss, the Lakhimpur chief medical officer. With election in Lakhimpur on March 3, the government has recommended a CBI probe. Government officials, however, described the recommendation as routine.\"The widow of the slain clerk had lodged a complaint with the district magistrate on Saturday seeking a CBI probe. After consulting the police, the DM forwarded his report to the government for a probe,\" said a senior government official. He added, \"The home department held a meeting of senior officials following which the DM's recommendations were forwarded to the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) which handles the CBI. We're waiting for a response from the CBI.\"What must have influenced the government's decision to hand the case to CBI was the recovery of Janani Suraksha Yojana cheques from the site where Sharma's body was found. It established that he was dealing with NRHM projects. Now, if the CBI probe, too, establishes that Mahendra died because of NRHM funding dispute, he will be the fifth person to have lost his life in the scam.The NRHM scam surfaced in April last year when two CMOs of family welfare department - Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh - were shot in a span of six months. Then in June, 2012, deputy CMO YS Sachan, who is an accused in both the murder cases and also the NRHM scam, was found dead inside Lucknow jail. The CBI is already probing the three deaths and the scam. This was followed by suicide of UP Jal Nigam engineer Sunil Verma, whose house was raided by the CBI.A clerk in Pasgawan in Lakhimpur, Sharma was reportedly involved in a dispute with Lakhimpur chief medical officer (CMO) Dr JP Bhargawa. His family claimed it was linked to the signing of documents to settle some accounts including one under the Janani Surakhsha Yojana, which was being handled by Sharma. His family alleged that some of Sharma's colleagues called on him on February 7 and the 52-year-old clerk left with them. That was the last time he was seen alive.After initial reluctance, the police lodged a case of kidnapping, murder and criminal conspiracy against CMO Dr Bhargava, deputy CMO Balbir Singh, Pasgawan community health centre in-charge Dr SC Gupta and Pasgawan clerk Rajesh Hans, apart from Kuldeep and Munna Lal - two office-bearers of health employees association's Lakhimpur unit. The case was lodged on the basis of the written complaint lodged by the slain clerk's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050936", "title": "Diamond jewellers favour bank loans for buyers", "text": "INDORE: The diamond jewellers are demanding facility of bank loans on the lines for purchase of gold, which they feel, will give a boost to the sales of diamond jewelleries. As per the current system, no bank in the country provides loans for buying diamond-studded jewellery items.More sales of diamond jewelleries would simply mean more revenue coming to the state government's kitty in the form of value added tax (VAT), said a section of jewellers.At present, the jewellers pay 1% value of total sales of diamond jewelleries to the state government in the form of VAT.Interestingly, the facility of loan against gold jewellery is already flourishing in the country and it has resulted in a number of players joining the bandwagon, which include Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Indian Bank and Muthoot Finance.However, the bankers feel that it was not possible in the present system to extend loan facility for purchase of diamond jewelleries as it was difficult for them to find the valuers, unlike in case of gold jewellery.The jewellers however, think that it can be possible if the banks agree for a tie-up with the diamond jewellers and leave the responsibility of guarantee for quality of diamond jewellery to the jewellers themselves. Moreover, they are of the view that the authorisation of PAN card or credit or even Cibil scoring can be taken into account before finalising the loans.There are a few card companies that are providing the credit facility to the cardholders in case of branded diamond jewellery. Still, the problem was that this kind of facility was available for a short-period only, stretching not more than three months.Vinod Garg, who owns Gitanjali showroom in Indore, says that once banks start providing loans for purchasing diamond jewellery, it would definitely help in increasing the sale. What happens is that people have requirement for diamond jewellery, but they are unable to buy them due to cash crunch and hence the need for bank loan facility, added Garg.Ankit Barmecha, who owns a New Delhi-based firm selling fancy diamond jewellery and is looking for opening its branches in Indore and Bhopal, says that there should be clarity on the issue of guarantee on such loans between the banks and the jewellers' associations.He said that more sales of diamond jewelleries would simply increase the revenue flow into the state government's kitty in the form of VAT. At present, the jewellers pay 1% value of total sales of diamond jewelleries to the state government in the form of VAT, he added.Talking to ToI, M Narendra, CMD of IOB, said, \"We do provide loans against jewellery. The only thing that such loans can be given against the value of gold studded in the jewellery only. But, we don't have proper personnel for valuation for diamond jewellery and hence it was not possible for the bank to extend loans against purely diamond jewelleries\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051056", "title": "New fire station for southern sectors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the emergence of both residential and commercial areas in the southern part of the city, Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has planned a new fire station in Sector 53. The southern parts have just two fire stations at present in Sector 38. The civic body has kept aside over Rs two crore for improvement of fire services in the city. A part of this amount would be spent on the construction of the new fire station. \"We are desperate to construct over half a dozen new fire stations in various parts of the city to add to the seven stations we have at present, which is not sufficient compared to the area-population ratio,\" said an official from the fire department.At present, fire tenders take time to reach spots near Mohali border. As per the guidelines of the government of India, there must be a fire station within every kilometers' radius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054712", "title": "Rachita signs a film on cars", "text": "Post-\"Chaplin\" and \"Mach Mishti &amp; More\", Rachita has signed on another film. Titled \" Char Chaka\", the film is about the journey of a vintage car.Says Rachita, \"I was offered this movie by Partho Ganguly. It is about the journey of a vintage car. In the film, I play an urban girl who goes to her ancestral house after her grandparents' death. She inherits this car as a legacy but doesn't know what to do with the car. Finally, she decides to sell it off once she takes it along with her to Kolkata.\" However, on the way back from North Bengal to Kolkata, she confronts a group of hooligans. \"The journey is interesting and by the time this girl returns to Kolkata, she has already started bonding with the car and no longer wants to sell it off. I'm told that while Dibyendu is supposed to play the hooligan, Joy Sengupta will be playing my uncle. Riju is playing the driver of the car.\" Shooting for the film is expected to begin in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048809", "title": "Husband battered to death after marital row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year-old woman clobbered her husband to death when he was asleep in the wee hours of Sunday. Police have arrested the woman on charges of murder and suspect it to be the fallout of an extra-marital affair.Odhav police officials received a complaint from Ranchhod Patel, secretary of Suketu Shopping Center, Nikol Road, on Sunday morning, that they have found a dead body in the building. Upon reaching the spot, police found the body of Pokram Sengar, 30, a resident of the same premises, from Mahalaxmi Flour Mill where he used to work. His wife Mamta was absconding from the spot.\"Sengar was hit repeatedly on his temple with a 10-kilogram weight used on weighing scale. It must have been an instantaneous death for him. Our first priority was to track down Mamta. We tracked her down with her five-year-old son with the help of technical and human surveillance from a relative's residence. She confessed upon detention that she killed her husband,\" said P S Goswami, inspector of Odhav police station.He added that as per her statement, the duo had a major fight on Saturday after Sengar saw her with Vikas, a youth working at the flour mill, in the market. Suspecting them of having an affair, Sengar beat up Mamta, which enraged her. She was awake when Sengar fell asleep at night and struck him with the weight repeatedly and fled from the spot.\"We suspect her to be involved in the relationship. The duo did not have a cordial marital life and she wanted to leave him. However, we are recording statements of Vikas and nearby residents to corroborate the theory. We have arrested her for the murder,\" said an Odhav police official.Odhav becoming hot spot for murdersThe murder reported on Sunday was the fifth murder reported in the area so far in 2012. According to the investigators, there were four murders reported in January, including the double murder of Prachi Muraskar, 40, and Sonu, 17, residents of Arbudanagar. The duo was killed by Prachi's husband Praveen. Other victims include Gautam Makwana, 25, who was killed in a scuffle with a local bootlegger and Sandeep Yadav, 34, a paan parlour owner who was stabbed by a local strongman when Yadav asked for his dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049403", "title": "Women show spunk, energy in drive against cancer", "text": "PUNE: This year's Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD), aimed at spreading awareness about cancer, especially among women, saw around 2,000 women from Pune and Mumbai enthusiastically driving in 500 cars - displaying colourful messages and imagery on various issue - all the way to Lavasa on Sunday morning.'Fight Like A Girl' was one of the oft quoted messages which were enough to encapsulate the true spirit of this year's Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD), aimed at spreading awareness about cancer, especially among women. Around 2,000 women from Pune and Mumbai enthusiastically drove in 500 cars - displaying colourful messages and imagery on various issue - all the way to Lavasa on Sunday morning.The names of the winners will be announced at a later date and they will be felicitated on March 4 in Mumbai.The event's Pune leg was flagged off amidst much cheer from VITS in Hinjewadi by actor Kimmy Katkar, with actor Payal Rohatgi and wrestler Sangram Singh in attendance.\"This cause is very close to us women. We don't look after ourselves and try to show that we know everything. It's a good wake-up call to get ourselves checked. So, next week, the first thing I'm going in for is my pap smear test,\" she said.\"It's fabulous to see so many women participating and the messages they are displaying with such creativity on their cars. Women are the only ones who can spread the message to other women,\" said Katkar, as one richly decorated car rolled out after another.A massive pink toy crab stabbed with a fake green knife sat atop Amrita Kapoor's car carrying her co-passengers. \"By this, we want to say to women to get cancer off their backs. Today, most women neglect the need for early check-ups and treatments because they are too busy managing their families, with very little time for themselves. Also, potential cases of cancer are being detected in several families,\" said Kapoor, who lost her mother to cancer.Some cars even displayed messages to save the girl child. 'Dowry, a curable cancer', read one such poster stuck on Ripple Mirchandani's car.Aparna Santosh and her team displayed a poster that read: 'Cancer is not contagious, but my spirit is.' \"We have lost some near and dear ones to cancer. Seek help before it's too late,\" said Santosh.Once at Lavasa, the ladies were welcomed to the beats of the 'dhol' and 'taasha,' and could unwind in a fun-filled ambience with offerings like 'chaat' and 'gola' counters, tattoo painting, and even spa treatments. Actors Emraan Hashmi and Tanve Azmi and former Miss India Diana Hayden made their presence felt with encouraging messages supporting the LWD cause.\"My wife is a fantastic driver. So I don't think that women are bad drivers,\" said Hashmi, adding a touch of humour. But on a serious note, he said, \"I have lost two very close people to cancer and I'm glad to be associated with this initiative. The ladies who have participated today have made a greater contribution to this cause.\"Hayden, whose grandmother passed away due to cancer, also drove down to Lavasa. \"The atmosphere while driving down her was just so buzzing. There's this beautiful, amazing, tangible energy out there,\" she said. \"The LWD is about empowering women,\" said Azmi.To enliven the spirit of the event, the 2000-odd participants were also put through dance and photography workshops by Ganesh Hegde and Dabboo Ratnani, respectively. Since its inception in 2009, LWD has been receiving a phenomenal response, said Anuradha Paraskar, senior vice-president, marketing and sales, Lavasa Corporation Limited.\"The theme this year is cervical cancer. It's been a good innings so far with registrations, workshops and other activities for women who could not participate. The response from Pune is encouraging. The woman of today is energetic and ambitious. Our concept is 'What Drives You' and women who have achieved stupendous success in various fields will be felicitated with the Woman In Driving Seat awards initiated by Lavasa this year,\" she said.Around 400 rural women living in and around Lavasa were also screened for breast and cervical cancer and then referred to Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, Paraskar added.\"This year, too, we will carry forward our support for the cause of cancer awareness at Lavasa. Part of the proceeds of this event will be donated to Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, that will continue its contribution to cancer prevention,\" she said.The participants included around 50 cancer survivors who shared their experiences at Lavasa. A talent hunt - 'Body and Soul,' a dance programme by danseuse Suchitra Date and her students and a performance by singer-actor Meiyang Chang kept the ladies grooving after much physical effort put in for the cause of LWD.LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Limited. MSD is the associate sponsor. Mak Lubricants, Dove, Galaxy Care Hospital, Orchid and VITS are the other sponsors. It is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative Tata Memorial Hospital and conducted by Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049535", "title": "Speaker overwhelmed with the love received in Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar's charm offensive won her hearts during her five-day visit to Pakistan as leader of a seven-member delegation of Indian MPs. The delegation returned on Saturday suffused with the warm hospitality of the people in Pakistan. This is the first bilateral visit of a Lok Sabha Speaker to Pakistan.The delegation comprised BJP's Shahnawaz Hussain and Tarun Vijay, Madan Lal Sharma (Congress), Birendra Prasad Baishya (AGP), Saidul Haque (CPM) and Inder Singh Namdhari (Independent).Kumar's speeches in Urdu struck a chord with her Pakistani audience. Her speech at the banquet hosted by her counterpart Fehmida Mirza was telecast by PTV, the state-run TV channel of Pakistan. All her interactions in Lahore and Islamabad were peppered with Urdu shayari and charmed Pakistanis responded in equal measure.Kumar said she was overwhelmed with the warmth and love of the Pakistani people during her five-day visit. She led a seven-member delegation of MPs, the first of its kind, following an invitation by the Pakistani Speaker.\"There should be a relationship of peace and friendship between the two countries. Both countries should resolve their outstanding issues through dialogue,\" she said.Besides Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani and interior minister Rehman Malik , the delegation met members of the National Assembly of Pakistan, chairman of the Senate in Islamabad. In Lahore, they met chief minister and governor of Pakistan's Punjab province.The delegation met Pakistan's intellectuals, including Salima Hashmi, daughter of poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz , Sana Mir, captain of Pakistan's women cricket team and family of slain governor Pakistan's Punjab Salman Taseer. \"Every interaction threw up the desire of increased people-to-people contact and interaction between the countries. Dialogue should continue,\" said Saidul Haque of CPM.Kumar had an extensive tour of the historical Taxila, Data Durbar, Minar-e-Pakistan and samadhi of Maharaj Ranjit Singh.BJP's Tarun Vijay said Pakistan Muslim League president Chaudhry Shujat Hussain assured that renovation of Katas Raj temple would be taken up soon.After the visit, Namdhari rued the partition of India. \"If India was not divided, we would have emerged as the greatest world power with the immense resources that both countries now waste in a futile exercise of fighting each other,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054739", "title": "Huawei unveils 'world's fastest phone' Ascend D Quad", "text": "Huawei has announced Ascend D Quad, claimed to be 'world's fastest' smartphone running on a quad chip at the ongoing Mobile World Congress (MWC) show in Barcelona , Spain.Powered by Huawei's K3V2 quad-core 1.2GHz/1.5GHz processor, Ascend D Quad has 16 core GPS that offers 2X performance.Running on Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS, Ascend D Quad features a 4.5-inch 720P high definition touchscreen display with 330 PPI (pixels per inch).The phone has 8 megapixel BSI (backside illumination) rear-facing camera with 1080p full HD video-capture and 1.3 megapixel front-facing camera for video calling. As for memory, the phone will come with 1GB RAM and 8GB internal memory. Ascend D Quad comes with a 1800mAh battery, which is expected to last for one to two days depending upon usage.The phone also features Huawei's proprietary power management system which the company claims provides up to 30 per cent energy saving. For audio, there is Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound and Audience earSmart voice technology. For connectivity, the phone packs 3G HSPA+ 21Mbps/5.76Mbps, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth 3.0.Apart from Ascend D Quad, Huawei has also unveiled Ascend D Quad XL and Ascend D1 smartphones. The Ascend D Quad XL comes with a 2500mAh battery which provides two to three days of normal usage. The Ascend D1 runs on a 1.5 GHz dual-core CPU and has a 1670mAh battery.Ascend D Quad series will be available in China, Australia, Europe, Asia-Pacific, North and South America, and the Middle East in the second quarter of 2012. The Ascend D1 will be available from April 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049287", "title": "She gave fake surety for bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old woman, who helped hardened criminals get bail by furnishing them fake surety bonds, has been arrested. With her arrest, police have busted an organized racket of fake sureties being prepared in districts courts of city to help criminals avoid court hearings, police said.South district anti-auto theft squad came to know about one 'Munna-Jamanti' gang that was preparing these fake sureties for criminals by furnishing fake surety bonds in courts. The accused, Nirmala Devi, a resident of Shashtri Nagar, was held on Friday when she came to Saket court to give fake surety for a criminal. Nirmala, along with her paramour Munna, orchestrated the entire racket.Several complaints were received by the police from courts regarding fake sureties. The gang has reportedly provided over 100 sureties till now. Involvement of lawyers, who helped in the preparation of false documents, is also suspected, cops said.\"The fake surety cases were reported at Tis Hazari, Saket, Rohini Court and so on. Nirmala appeared as fake surety with forged documents by different names like 'Kanta' and 'Salma' in various courts,\" Chhaya Sharma, DCP south said.Nirmala started working as 'munshi' at Tis Hazari Court in 2008. She came in contact with another court staffer Manoj alias Munna.Manoj used to manage clients cum inmates lodged in Tihar jail and promise them fake sureties. \"He would make a list of such criminals who needed sureties and hand over the list to Nirmala when she visited him on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The duo charged Rs 10,000 to 20,000 for each surety,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12056176", "title": "Team Anna to campaign in poll-bound Goa", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna will campaign in poll-bound Goa from tomorrow with Justice Santosh Hegde, who had differences with the group, joining them.The activists will attend ten public meetings and three press conferences during their three-day campaign in the state.A statement said Hegde, Arvind Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi, Sanjay Singh, Manish Sisodia, Maulana Shamoon Qasmi, Gopal Rai and Mayank Gandhi will address the public meetings scheduled in Benaulim, Margao, Merces, Cuncolim, Valpoi, Bicholim, Marcel, Ponda, Sanguem and Vasco.Hegde, who had differences with Team Anna, had not attended any of the campaign meetings of Team Anna in Uttarakhand, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.Team Anna has said that they will not target any particular party.Assembly elections in Goa will be held on March 3.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054723", "title": "Nitya Menen is impressed with co-stars", "text": "Actress Nitya Menen is all praise for her co-stars Dulquer Salmaan and Unni Mukundan, both in the running to be the next big thing in Mollywood.The actress, who had the opportunity to work with both actors at the nascent stage of their acting careers, is impressed with their talent and attitude.About her co-star Unni, she says, \"My first thought after meeting him was that he was the next big thing. He is a very good actor, which is rare to find these days, plus he's equally handsome.\"Nitya, who herself has maintained a professional decorum, also has words of praise for her costar Dulquer. \"He's such a simple person with absolutely no airs at all. Since he comes with no baggage and is the same age as me, it's easier to work with him,\" the actress remarks.Nitya is currently shooting in Kozhikode for Anwar Rasheed's Usthad Hotel. \"I don't play a straightforward love interest to Dulquer, but a friend who has always been there for him,\" she adds.The actress also has few days of shoot left for Amal Neerad's Bachelor Party, which she reveals is \"more of a boys' movie because of the language they use.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "sanguem", "code": "12049582", "title": "'Vote-trade' to determine Sanguem's fate", "text": "Sanguem: In Sanguem constituency, it's going to be a neck-and-neck fight between Yuri Alemao, the son of urban development minister Joaquim Alemao, and Subhash Phaldesai, a former zilla panchayat member. Both are into the mining trade - while Yuri runs his father's mining firm, Phaldessai is among the leading mining transport contractors from South Goa. Both are making a debut entry into the assembly polls from Sanguem, the constituency rich in mineral ore.The simplicity of the equation ends there. What has confounded the situation is that for the first time there is no presence of the \"hand\" symbol in Sanguem, as Alemao is contesting on the NCP ticket, the Congress' alliance partner. To counter the Yuri-challenge of the Alemao brothers, the BJP played a master stroke - it chose to field a party new-comer---Phaldessai even if that meant depriving seating MLA Vasudev Meg Gaonkar the party ticket thereby hurting the ST community that comprises over 30% of the electorate. What's significant is that the Sanguem constituency has been represented by the BJP in the state assembly for the last three terms - the last two by Gaonkar. Will the BJP's gamble pay off or will Yuri come up trumps overcoming all criticism of the Alemao-family raj? The battle lines are drawn up and it's anybody's guess at the moment.With an eye on elections, Alemao descended in Sanguem almost six months before the announcement of elections and dished out an assurance to the electorate of changing the face of the constituency if people elected him. He harped on the development works done by his minister father and uncle, PWD minister Churchill Alemao, and tried to sell his vision to the voters. He pumped in moolah, lots of it, in \"social work\" and also gave government jobs to many. He has been touring the constituency on a daily basis for the last six months accompanied by municipality councillors, village sarpanchas, etc, trying to convince the rural voters that he means business.Says Agustinho Mascarenhas, a close aide of Alemao. \"Yuri has done a lot of work for the people. He is accepted by the people of Sanguem, going by the fact that people of all religions are with him. He is sure to win by a good margin,\" Mascarenhas said.The Congress camp, on the other hand, has a cause for concern. Having suffered losses in the last three elections from Sanguem, the defeat of the alliance candidate this time threatens to create a large and serious dent in the Congress voter-base. In the absence of the Congress candidate this time, there are chances that the hithereto loyal Congress votes may switch over its allegiance to the BJP. \"If that happens, it will prove detrimental to Alemao in this election and to the Congress in the long run,\" a political observer said.The BJP camp is upbeat and high on confidence. The BJP workers claim that the anti-family raj sentiment will work in its favour. Phaldesai, in his meeting with the voters has been laying stress on his assurance to bring about agro-based ventures in the industrially backward constituency. His manifesto speaks about eco-tourism enterprises, satellite city, and other innovative projects.However, the political fortunes of Alemao and Phaldesai will largely depend on what stance the ST community adopts in the elections. What has made the BJP workers worrisome is the fact that the incumbent Gaonkar who hails from the ST community, has refrained from participating in the party's poll campaign so far.Political observers feel that if at all the BJP's ST community votes split, they will get divided between Phaldessai and independent candidate Prasad Gaonkar who is also from the ST community and has a significant support-base in the remote areas of the constituency. GVP candidate Minguelino D'Costa, the former chairperson of the Sanguem municipal council, is also likely to split the nearly 4,500 Catholic votes from this constituency.Poll watchers say that though the contest is poised for a close fight at the moment, the role of \"vote-trade\" the few days ahead of the polls will turn out to be the deciding factor. And nobody disagrees on this count.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050225", "title": "Rare zoo species get privacy in forest", "text": "CHENNAI: In an attempt to provide a peaceful environment for breeding animals, officials of the Arignar Anna Zoological Park at Vandalur have begun to shift five endangered species from the visitors' area to the reserve forest.Young, physically fit animals have been shifted to specially designed enclosures, far from visitors' eyes. The older animals and cubs will remain in the existing enclosures. White tigers, lions, lion-tailed macaques, Nilgiri langur and ostriches will be moved into the forest. These five species are classified as a highly endangered under Schedule 1 of the Indian Wildlife Act 1972.\"This is the first time such an effort is being made. We will move other species based on the knowledge and experience we gain from this effort,\" said zoo director and chief conservator of forests K S S V P Reddy.Noise and air pollution from nearby stone quarries are one of the reasons for the shift. The huge rush of visitors, especially during weekends and holidays, also adds to the noise levels in the visiting area of the zoo, where most enclosures are located.At least 4,000 visitors come to the zoo every day, the number doubles on weekends. Zoo officials said primates often cry out in fear.\"The noise obstructs mating and creates psychological fear among animals and birds, especially when they give birth to young ones. Often, field staff have found a mother trying to hide new-borns in bushes or holes within the enclosure to protect them from enemies, a fear created by noise,\" said a zoo veterinarian.Two enclosures for the lion-tailed macaque and Nilgiri langur have been built. Each enclosure has one male and two or three female lion-tailed macaques and nilgiri langur. The two enclosures for lions and tigers will have one male and two females. A few pairs of ostriches will be in the other enclosure.The enclosures are made of wood or stone on a raised area and surrounded by a protective ditch, known as a motte enclosure. The cost and space of each enclosure depends on the species.For example, each enclosure for the lion-tailed macaque is 300 sq. ft and costs 6 lakh. The zoo has 24 macaques, 19 tigers, including nine white tigers, 64 lions, and 20 Nilgiri langur, including the young one born on February 22.The 600-hectare zoo comes under the Vandalur reserve forest, which covers an area of 1,250 hectares. Most of the forest areas under the zoo limits have a variety of flora and fauna. The zoo got permission from the Central Zoo Authority, the nodal agency for country's 198 zoos, a few months ago for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12051634", "title": "Knitwear industry feels the heat of power crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tirupur knitwear industry, that is yet to regain from the impact of a Madras High Court order of closing down dyeing units polluting river Noyyal, is witnessing yet again a tough time due to the power crisis that has hit the state.According to industry sources, Tirupur exports knitwear worth Rs 13,500 crore per year which is expected to fall to the extent of Rs 5000 this year if the power crisis continues for long. The industrial hubs of Tirupur face power outages that last for more than 10 hours per day.\"With industry facing operational problems and shrinkage in profit margins caused by rising raw materials' prices and the closure of dyeing units; power cuts would further escalate the cost of production and make sustainability of the units difficult,'' says M P Muthurathinam of Tirupur knitwear exporters association.Due to the unavailability of diesel at subsidised rates, it is difficult for the industry to operate on generators for long hours as profit margins dip drastically.The industrialists in the region felt that the state government should come out with incentives to enthuse more entrepreneurs to set up windmills so as to reduce the overall power deficit. \"The government should also take steps to install new power projects at the earliest,'' said G R Senthilvel, another exporter.According to Senthilvel, knitwear industry in Tirupur is facing intense competition from units in China and Bangladesh . \"With extended power crisis, we are unable to deliver products on time. Buyers in Europe and US are now preferring units in China and Bangladesh\", he added.Price of yarn that has increased almost three times in the past one year has irked the unit owners. According to CITU district secretary M Chandran, workers have started feeling the heat. \"As the crisis continued, their earnings started diminishing. Many are failing to match their income with the rising prices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049780", "title": "Gurgaon women raise the bar for fine whiskeys", "text": "GURGAON: When it comes to choice of liquor, whisky, even not so long ago, was really not considered to be a woman's drink. However, as Gurgaonites say, the scenario seems to be changing fast.A long-time wine and vodka drinker, Gurgaon resident Deepti Dua tasted whisky seven months back with a friend. \"Some months back while I was dining with a friend of mine from UK, she ordered for Scotch and asked me try it too. Since I had never tasted it, I was a bit reluctant but then I finally took the jump and ordered for it and quite liked it too. Since then whisky has been a favourite. After a hard day's work me and my friends buy a bottle of Jack Daniel's and relax,\" said 25-year-old Dua, who works with an event management company in the city.Two years ago, it was unusual to find a woman in the city at a bar ordering a fine scotch but now women are very much a part of what has been traditionally associated with manhood. Even club owners admit that the city has seen a significant rise in women appreciating scotch whisky. \"In the past 2-3 years, there has been an increasing trend of women shifting to whisky drinking. We regularly get women who come in groups to enjoy the drink on several evenings,\" said Mrityunjay Tiwari, general manager of Vapour, a restobar at Megacity mall.With strong taste (alcohol content of 40-60%), whisky was originally known as \"Aqua vitae\" or \"water of life\" for it healing properties, the first recorded reference to the substance being found in the Scottish Exchequer Rolls of 1494. A drink of the royalty and the clergy, ladies in Gurgaon has readily taken to expanding their pallet. \"It is no longer a man's drink. In fact such is the scenario that there are men who can't have a sip of whisky while there are women who love single malts,\" said Hemant Nautiyal, owner of Striker Pub and Brewer based in Sector 43, adding that 8-9% of the women - some regulars and some first-timers - who come to their bar ask for whisky on the rocks.Whisky connoisseur and lifestyle consultant Sandeep Arora cites the reason for the rising trend. \"Gurgaon is a hub for corporates and have these high-end condominiums inhabited by working women professionals, single mothers and ladies who are well-traveled, have disposable income and above all enjoy lifestyle. Their exposure to single malts is increasing with every trip they make abroad.\"\"Women are willing to experiment. When a woman goes for a drink and the friend orders for a whisky today, she wants to try it. That is how they develop a taste,\" added Nautiyal of Striker. Tiwari of Vapour says another major reason for the rising trend is related to the kind of clubs that has come up in the city. \"Women might be drinking whisky earlier too but in their homes but now that they get that comfortable ambience, they are willing to enjoy the same at a restro-bar.\"Arora says 30% of the women in the Spirit of Nero - the first exclusive women's whisky club in India are from Gurgaon which includesprofessionals, corporate honchos, entrepreneursand socialites among others. \"In my whisky appreciation session 40-60% of them are women,\" said Arora.Arora, who is known to have introduced the concept of rare and customised whiskies to the elite in India, says it is these appreciation sessions which include learning the correct style of nosing the drink, choice of pre-dinner and post-dinner whiskies among others that have helped develop an interest among women about the drink.Club owners say women who drink whisky are quite mature and know what kind of evening and experience they want and what place they are going to. \"Women who go for whisky are mostly in the in the age group of 28 to 40. The younger ones are more into beer/wine or cocktail drinking. However, there are a few young ladies who experiment with the drink sometimes. In the age group of 28-40, women are usually happy to relax and settle down,\" added Arora.However, not all know how to enjoy single malt whisky and prefer some variations in their drinks. The Westin Gurgaon recently organized 'Whisky Fever', a month-long exclusive beverage promotion- for the whisky connoisseurs. \"We had not specifically targeted women but were surprised to see that 60 of whisky connoisseurs were women,\" said Amit Kumar, Manager Food &amp; Beverage at Mix Lounge and Bar at Westin. The promotion featured whiskey cocktails with names like Yankee Sweet, Tennessee Classic and Manhattan Perfect classic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049402", "title": "4 held with drugs", "text": "Four persons from Orissa who were in the city to sell 66 kg brown sugar worth Rs 3.5 lakh were arrested last week. ANC Bandra unit, led by Mritunja Hiramat, laid a trap at Dahisar and nabbed the four.Police recovered 66 kg ganja worth Rs 3.5 lakh.The accused have been identified as Shiba Nahak, Suresh Parbavasi Biswal, Ranjan Shiboo Vishwas and Balram Sethi. All have been booked under the NDPS Actand further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12048444", "title": "Pakistan may junk Kashmir issue temporarily", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Pakistani establishment, in a bid to carry forward its peace plan on Kashmir in the wake of internal crisis in that country, has invited leaders of both the factions of All-Party Hurriyat Conference to Islamabad for talks to explain its \"changed position\" on Kashmir. A source close to the Hurriyat said there is a move to shelve the Kashmir issue \"for the time being\" in the wake of internal political crisis in Pakistan.Pakistan's high commissioner in New Delhi, Shahid Malik , accompanied by a few other diplomatic staff, drove to hardline Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani's winter address in Delhi on Saturday and handed him an invitation letter from foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar . Malik has already invited the chairman of the moderate wing of the Hurriyat, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq , along with Shabir Shah and Nayeem Khan, to Pakistan, for talks on its change perception on Kashmir.Geelani's spokesman Ayaz Akbar said the Pakistani diplomats visited the Hurriyat leader in Delhi and Geelani told Malik that he will speak to his colleagues and let the Pakistan government know about his decision. Incidentally, Geelani has never visited any foreign country accept Saudi Arabia where he went for Haj.Foreign ministry sources in New Delhi said Geelani will be issued a passport if he applies for it in view of the invitation by the Pakistani government. Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, who arrived here on Sunday, said he would leave for New Delhi again in a week for another round of talks with Pakistani diplomats at the Pakistani embassy.Earlier on Saturday, second level Hurriyat leaders including Shabir Shah, Nayeem Khan, Molvi Agha Hassan and Shahid-ul-Islam held a round of talks with high commissioner Malik. This was their second meeting in less than a week, Nayeem Khan told TOI. \"We had a healthy discussion on the Kashmir issue and our proposed Pakistan visit,'' Khan added.Shabir Shah, while expressing satisfaction over the outcome of the meeting, said, \"The Pakistani leaders reiterated their moral, political and logistical support to the Kashmir cause.'' He said that Pakistani diplomats and politicians said they are eagerly awaiting them in Islamabad for further talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049954", "title": "Fake SIM card racket busted in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) claimed to have busted a fake SIM card racket with the arrest of three persons from Jogeshwari on Saturday. This is the fifth fake SIM card racket to be detected in the city in the last four months.Acting on a tip-off, ATS sleuths raided Chaurasiya Communication near Ghaswala compound in Jogeshwari and arrested Manoj Chandan Singh, Ram Manohar Lalbahadur and Kaushal Sharma. Investigators said the trio has been selling active SIM cards without any verification.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said 175 SIM cards, 17 demo cards, seven rubber stamps, 23 photographs of different persons and PAN cards were recovered from the trio.The perpetrators of last year's July 13 triple blasts had used fake SIM cards to execute the terror attacks.The accused used to make copies of original documents submitted by customers, said the police, adding that they would then paste photographs of different people to create fake identification documents. The trio used these bogus papers to activate SIM cards. \"We are now looking for more than 60 persons who had purchased fake SIM cards from the accused,\" said Maria.Last month, the police arrested SIM card dealer Mohammed Razzak Turk and seized 4,931 fake SIM cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049672", "title": "3,794 candidates appear in UPPGMEE", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) organized the UP Post Graduate Medical Entrance Examination(UPPGMEE)-2012 on Sunday. Out of the total of 3,926 candidates who had registered, 3794 appeared in the examination. As per chief proctor, CSMMU, Prof AA Mahdi, the examination was conducted peacefully. Teachers, district administration, and officials of director general of medical education showed full cooperation in conducting the test. The exam was held at six centres, out of which three were at UPSC Bhawan, Netaji Subhash Chandra Girls College, Mahanagar Boys College.Four teams from CSMMU comprising the vice-chancellor, registrar, finance officer, dean, medicine and dean dental, chief medical superintendent and medical superintendent took rounds of all the centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050412", "title": "2 arrested in murder case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Railway have police arrested two persons for their role in the murder of 25-year-old auto driver in Jadcherla on October 26, 2011. After committing the murder, they had dumped the body on the railway tracks to make it look like a suicide.The victim, B Balaswamy, 25, of Gangapur in Mahbubnagar was found dead on the railway track between Gollapally and Jadcherla railway stations on October 26, 2011.After inspecting the scene of offence, the Kacheguda railway police had booked a murder case and began the probe.During the probe, police discovered that Balaswamy had an affair with a fellow auto driver P Boya's wife. Police came to know that a day before he was found dead Balaswamy consumed liquor with Boya.Police picked up Boya for questioning and, during the interrogation, he confessed to have murdered Balaswamy. \"While consuming liquor, a heated argument ensued between Balaswamy and Boya about the illicit relationship. In a fit of rage, Boya picked up a spanner and attacked Balaswamy on the head. He died on the spot,\" GRP SP M Kanta Rao said.After committing the murder, Boya with the help of his friend, P Mallesh, shifted the body onto the railway track to make it look like a suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049540", "title": "Court allows foot overbridge project citing safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court has allowed the railways and the state government to go ahead with the construction of a foot overbridge (FOB) at a residential colony saying that public safety is paramount.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, while dismissing a petition filed by a group of persons claiming the land in Harkesh Nagar residential colony, upheld the single judge's order dismissing their plea on January 31.\"The railways deemed it necessary in the interest of safety of the public residing in the neighbourhood of the railway tracks to construct an FOB at the said site, the said developmental activity in the larger public interest could not be interfered by the court,\" the bench said.The court also rejected the petitioner's argument that this very court had earlier dismissed a plea for FOB construction and it should restrain railways, the government, MCD and DDA on the issue.The court accepted the argument of the railways that the shops of the petitioners are within the boundary of railway land and those were unauthorized occupation and encroachment.The boundary wall was repeatedly damaged by residents for crossing rail tracks from the said point, endangering their lives, the railways said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "burnpur", "code": "12048558", "title": "Villagers, cops clash over land in Bengal", "text": "BURNPUR: At least 15 people, including seven policemen, were injured when villagers fought a pitched battle with the cops for more than two hours over land acquisition for an IISCO plant at Purusottampur-about 220 km from Kolkata-in Burdwan district on Sunday.The villagers later gheraoed law minister Moloy Ghatak's residence for four hours, claiming that the Trinamool Congress had promised to back them in 2007, but betrayed them after coming to power. They were led by local Trinamool councillor Pabitra Majhi, who was injured in the lathicharge. The gherao was withdrawn after Ghatak assured the villagers that he would organize a meeting between them, IISCO officials and industry minister Partha Chatterjee.The villagers have been demanding jobs for 230 landlosers and asking the IISCO authorities to leave a small portion of land where they have a shrine. But, the management has turned down their pleas. Bhaskar Kumar, AGM (PR) of IISCO, said, \"We don't provide jobs to landlosers as per the SAIL policy. Instead, we give financial compensation as stipulated by the HC. We have submitted the compensation to the state government. I don't know why the agitation should take place under the circumstances.\"Asansol ADCP (west) Subrata Ganguly said, \"We have been camping in the area to help the IISCO management build a boundary wall. On Sunday, the villagers started throwing stones at us, injuring seven cops. The situation is under control and a police picket has been posted in the area. Three villagers have been arrested.\" Among the arrested are Purusottampur Jami-hara Bachao Committee president Chandra Sekhar Roy and another leader Rajib Roy.Kunal Dawn, a villager, said they had no information about the boundary wall. Clashes broke out after the police stopped the villagers from going to the shrine, he said.Dawn said Mamata Banerjee, Chatterjee and Ghatak had visited Purusottampur in 2007 and stood by them in their fight against land acquisition. \"It seems that the new government is no longer interested in the landlosers' agitation,\" he added.According to IISCO officials, the land is required for a vital rail link of the greenfield integrated steel plant. Since 2007, the villagers have been demanding jobs claiming that SAIL had earlier provided jobs in Chasnala, Bhilai and Rourkella. For the 2.5 million per annum greenfield plant, the company has pumped in Rs 16,000 crore and acquired 353 acres of land. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had laid the foundation stone of the project in December 2006. SAIL chairman Chandra Sekhar Verma has sought the state government's intervention several times in the past. Once the new steel plant is complete and commercial production starts, IISCO at Burnpur will be the biggest steel plant in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "at the oscars", "code": "12054028", "title": "Anil Ambani walks red carpet at the Oscars", "text": "At the Oscars: Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani with his Dream Works Studios' partners Steven Spielberg and Stacey Snider at the Red Carpet of the 84th Academy Awards ceremony held at Kodak Theatre, Los Angeles on 27th February 2012.The Help, War Horse and Real Steel produced by DreamWorks Studios were represented in 11 nomination categories for this year's Oscars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12051076", "title": "Thieves decamp with booty worth Rs 2.54 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Gold and silver ornaments, and cash, worth Rs 2.54 lakh were reported stolen from Milind Khade's residence at College Road on Saturday. The thieves broke open the door between late Friday night and the early hours of Saturday at Patil Residency, Visemala, and decamped with the ornaments and cash. A complaint was lodged with the Sarkarwada police.Mobikes stolen: Three motorcycles worth Rs 45,000 were reported stolen on Saturday. Pratik Kale's Yamaha motorcycle worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen at Shivaji Chowk. Atul Gosavi's Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 15,000 was also reported stolen. Nitu Rathod's Honda motorcycle worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen from the parking lot of Vasu Shriservice Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kurupam (vizianagaram)", "code": "12048786", "title": "Woman gangraped, hubby beaten up", "text": "KURUPAM (VIZIANAGARAM): A tribal woman was allegedly gangraped by six persons while she was returning home after visiting a jatara in G Sivada panchayat of Kurupam mandal, Vizianagaram, in the late hours of Saturday. The incident came to light on Sunday afternoon.The 30-year-old woman of Srirampuram village and her husband went to take part in Trinadha Swamy jatara on Saturday. They were returning home from the jatara after midnight when the incident took place. A gang of ten people, who were in an inebriated condition, accosted the couple while they were passing through a thick forested area in the village.The men forcibly dragged the woman into an isolated place after beating up her husband mercilessly. Six of them reportedly raped her. The couple lodged a complaint with the police on Sunday afternoon. Police have arrested two persons yet and have launched a hunt for the remaining.The woman was sent for medical tests to Parvathipuram area hospital, according to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050863", "title": "6 held for student's murder", "text": "PATNA: Police on Sunday arrested six persons in connection with the death of a computer student, Mudassar Nazar (25), who was found dead at his rented house at Naya Tola under Phulwarisharif PS on Saturday evening.Nazar's hands were tied and an electric wire was wrapped around his waist. The deceased, a native of Saraikuri village under Bahadurganj PS in Kishanganj district, lived in the house of one Imam Mehendi for the past one year.Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey said the deceased's father, Mohammad Mohsin, a schoolteacher, had lodged a named FIR against six persons charging them with murdering his son. The arrested persons had been identified as Imam Mehendi, his wife Farzana, Zamil, Matluv Alam and Tazubar Khan. Dubey said prima facie, it appeared to be a case of murder, though an attempt was made to pass it as a suicide case. He said Nazar's head bore injury mark and blood stains were also found on the wall of his room.The SDPO said Nazar was having an affair with Imam's niece. He had written in his diary that he was scolded by the girl's family. A letter written by the girl had been seized, saying she felt very bad when her family members ill-treated Nazar.Body recovered: The Akilpur police in Patna district recovered the body of a married woman, Phula Devi, from the Ganga on Sunday. She was a native of Chitnawan village and her in-laws' place was Badan Tola under Maner police station, said Maner police station SHO Rasbihari Paswan.Police said she had returned to 'sasural' on February 10 with her brother in-law Upendra Kumar. On February 16, her family members came to know about her murder. Paswan said the deceased's uncle had lodged a written complaint alleging that his niece had been murdered by her father in-law, mother in-law, brother in-law and sister in-law for dowry. The deceased's husband is working in Kolkata. Married about nine years back, she had three children. Raids were on to arrest the accused as they are on the run, the SHO said.Girl killed in road mishap: A young girl, Pinki Kumari (18), died on the spot after a three-wheeler knocked her near Bahadurpur railway crossing under the Patrakarnagar PS on Sunday. SHO Dhirendra Pandey said the police have seized the vehicle, but the driver managed to escape. The body has been sent to PMCH for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12051049", "title": "Auto drivers to go on strike tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: Brace yourself for a bus or taxi commute on Tuesday as autorickshaw drivers of rival unions plan to stay off the roads to push for a higher minimum fare as well as higher fare per kilometre.While one union has demanded minimum fare be raised to Rs 24 from Rs 17 and from Rs 9/km to Rs 12/km, another union is asking for Rs 20 as minimum and Rs 10 per km later. There is consensus that the fare should be increased. \"The previous fare of Rs 17 was fixed two years ago and since then there has been an increase in the price of LPG. Two years ago, the rate of LPG was Rs 34/litre, which has gone up to Rs 50/litre. If you include the price of oil, the total cost incurred comes to Rs 57/litre. Looking at the increasing expenses of drivers, the fare hike is necessary ,\" said M Manjunath, president , Adarasha Auto and Taxi Drivers' Union (HMS.)The unions say the fare should be determined on the basis of cost of living index. \"We met the deputy commissioner last Monday and submitted a memorandum about it. We are open to an agreement, but the fare has to be increased to a minimum of Rs 22/km, else autorickshaws across the city will go on strike on Tuesday,\" said Manjunath.The IT City now has as about 90,000 autos . \"We need to look at 18 parameters before fixing the fare and according to that, the fare should be Rs 24 and not Rs 17 (minimum). We're also demanding an autorickshaw colony and a welfare board to look into our problems ,\" said HG Srinivasa Murthy, president, Autorickshaw Drivers Union (CITO).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051527", "title": "Protection sought for travellers", "text": "Emotions flowed as profusely as the waters of the Mapusa river at the Aldona-Calvim ferry point where over 200 residents of Calvim, Aldona and Mayem thronged on Sunday for a memorial service.The service, organized by parishioners of Calvim, were to remember the victims of the bus tragedy of February 18 and to seek God's protection for commuters on the route.Four students of the Aldona-based St Thomas Girls High School-Priyal Salgaocar, 10, sisters Dyna, 8, and Elvina Dias, 11, and Nagle Gracias, 11-along with Calvim-resident Josephine Dias, 58, and Mayem-resident Dayanand Hoble, 55, drowned when the bus 'Shree Ganesh' slipped into the river. The bus was travelling from Mapusa bus stand to the ferry point.As the parish priest of Calvim's St Sebastian Church, Fr Anand Da Gama Pais, led the service, those attending it broke into tears as they approached the cross near the ferry point with folded hands. A hymn invoking the Holy Spirit-'He atme mogache, he atme Jezuche'-filled the air.Da Gama Pais told the gathering, \"We have gathered today to ask for God's protection and for His shield for all residents of Calvim, Mayem, Chorao and other villages who use this route. The tragedy of February 18 has sent shock waves through Calvim and we ask God to give the families of those who have died the strength to accept their losses. May their wounded hearts heal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12052891", "title": "JNU polls 2012", "text": "Preparation for polls for the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) student union (JNUSU) started with much euphoria among students who are busy filing nominations,deciding on the candidatures,laying down the agenda and campaigning on campus.The varsity goes to polls on March 1.All major student groups including the All India Students Association (AISA),the Students Federation of India (SFI),All India Students Federation (AISF),National Students Union of India (NSUI),Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and a few independent candidates as well will be seen contesting the elections for the 35 positions.While the election manifesto of the SFI highlights infrastructural crisis as its main agenda,it is also focusing on more hostels and gender issues.The AISA is focused on increasing the quantum and duration of scholarships at all levels in the university.The issue of reduction in weighting of viva marks is the other important issue on the agenda of the AISA.According to student leaders,the weighting for viva voce at the JNU,which is currently 30%,is not only illegal but also leaves scope for discrimination.The parties are demanding it to be reduced to 10-15 %.Other parties like the NSUI and ABVP are highlighting issues like making the campus more disabledfriendly and increasing the number of seats for the reserved categories. While February 28 has been fixed for presidential debate in the JNU,February 29 is a no-campaign day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056106", "title": "Three missiles against Mahesh Babu!", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu has been way ahead in the number one race with two big hits in a row. He has three films among the top five all time hits in Tollywood history.Although he doesn't have the number one hit in his name, Mahesh has gained serious pace with Dookudu and Businessman movies. Now it is the time for other close competitors to prove their mettle.All the three close competitors of Mahesh Babu are coming up with their latest releases this summer. Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh, Junior NTR's Dammu and Ram Charan's Racha are slated for release in summer with a considerable gap between them. All the three movies are riding high on expectations and their fans are expecting these films to be huge hits and thus proving that they are as good as Mahesh when they deliver the goods.Fans are not expecting them to break the record of Magadheera, but a forty to fifty crore blockbuster will do. Because by doing so they will prove a point that with the changed market strategies and statistics, every superstar can recreate the magic of Dookudu at the box office. So that will keep the 'number one kaun!' debate open and intact. Interesting scenario indeed!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050203", "title": "Court ruling today on fate of Sankararaman murder trial", "text": "CHENNAI: The fate of the stalled murder trial against the Kanchi Sankaracharyas and others in the Sankararaman murder case will be known on Monday, when the Madras high court delivers its judgment on a batch of writ petitions.Sankararaman, manager of the famous Varadaraja Perumal temple in Kancheepuram, was hacked to death inside the temple premises on September 3, 2004. Both heads of the Kanchi mutt - Jayendra Saraswathi and Vijayendra Saraswathi - were arrested, along with others, in connection with the murder. On a petition from them apprehending foul play, the Supreme Court shifted the trial to Puducherry.While the trial was hurtling along in the sessions court at Puducherry with several key witnesses, including Sankararaman's wife Padma turning hostile, it was stayed by the high court on August 25, 2011, after a petition was filed by advocate P Sundararajan alleging that audio tapes containing certain conversations had surfaced recently, indicating attempts to influence the trial through unfair means.Several more petitions, including two by Padma, were later filed seeking registration of an FIR facilitating a probe into the origin and authenticity of the audio tapes, besides a fresh trial against the accused. After the interim orders were passed, the matter was placed before Chief Justice M Y Eqbal to be posted before another bench. The matter then went to a division bench headed by Justice D Murugesan, before being placed before a bench of justice K N Basha and justice N Paul Vasanthakumar. According to a cause list published by the high court, Justice Basha, sitting single, will pronounce the judgment. Justice Paul Vasanthakumar is sitting in the Madurai bench at present.Yet another twist was added to the tale, when the then trial judge, T Ramasamy, was transferred a few weeks ago. The appointment of a new judge is awaiting formal notification by the Union Territory of Puducherry, as it is a deputation.With most of the trial done and the original trial judge not at the helm anymore, whether the high court would vacate the stay; whether the court would order resumption of trial from where it was stalled last August; or whether it would order a fresh trial will become clear on Monday when justice Basha reads out the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054529", "title": "'Vishal plays a triple role'", "text": "Director Sundar C reveals that his upcoming commercial flick is going to be a bilingual in Tamil and TeluguIt took five years for Sundar C to return as a director with Masala Cafe, which is underproduction. And now, he's already readying up for his next film. The actor-director has roped in Vishal to play the lead in his next, which should take off shortly.Sundar reveals that he will start shooting his Tamil-Telugu bilingual with Vishal very soon. \"Vishal is playing a triple role and I can assure that you wouldn't have seen such characterization in Indian cinema. Many actors have played triple roles but this will certainly be one of a kind. It will be a pucca commercial entertainer. The other cast and crew are yet to be finalized,\" he informs.Sundar, who is known for the comedy in his films, has a full-length comedy in the form of Masala Cafe. Naturally, the expectations are bound to be high, but the director says that he is very confident about the success of his film. \"You will know if a film is working even as you are shooting it. I was really happy directing this film. The cast (which includes Vimal, Shiva, Anjali, Oviya and Santhanam) is quite fresh and so, it was a refreshing experience,\" he says. The director says that he is now looking for a new title for the film. \"We want to have a Tamil title. But the problem is that Masala Cafe is a very apt title for the film and it has stuck to the minds of the people. Every alternative that we come up with doesn't seem to be as attractive,\" he confesses.Meanwhile, Sundar's long-pending film as an actor, Murattu Kaalai, is releasing by March-end and he says that he never realized the significance of acting in a remake of a popular Rajini film when shooting for the film. \"It was just another film for me because I was doing three other films at that time and didn't have the time to mull on the fact. But I felt the jitters while shooting the iconic intro song, Pothuvaga En Manasu Thangam...,\" he adds.FUNNYBONES Having worked with all the top comedians in the last two decades, Sundar C tells us what makes them funny", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12055097", "title": "Good news for aspiring editors and cinematographers", "text": "Cinematographer and editor are positions that are in-demand, providing great prospects today.India's largest film school, the 22-acre International School of Film + Media (ISFM), founded by Annapurna Studios and the Akkineni family, is launching the country's first worldclass six month program in editing and cinematography, with batches commencing in March.ISFM is India's only privately-managed nonprofit film and media school. The non-profit status has helped garner support from the industry, with internships available with production companies in many states. In the cinematography course, the students get all the camera practice they need, moving from DSLRs to professional video cameras, HD and film cameras.Students will learn how to create the image they want, through light, lenses and movement, rather than simply recording what is in front of them. ISFM also approaches editing from a different perspective. \"The person who knows how to work an avid machine might make 15,000-20,000 per month. The person who makes the artistic decisions on where to place the cuts, can make many times that amount,\" says Chris Higgins , VP Marketing.\"We understand that software is necessary, so we train students on both FCP and AVID, but move on to the artistic side of the profession, teaching students to be editors, rather than operators.\" Hema Malini , Tabu, Kamal Haasan and Mani Ratnam are on the advisory board of this film school. Accommodation options available for national and international students. Call: 040 4914 1234. or log on to www.isfm.edu.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12049698", "title": "Kasara road mishap claims two lives", "text": "NASHIK: Two persons, including a minor, were killed and four others seriously injured when their Maruti van skid off the road and fell into a 22-feet deep gorge at Kasara ghat this morning at 9.45am, the police said. They were headed to Shirdi from Bhandup in Mumbai.The deceased have been identified as Sunanda Patil (55) and Ayush Bhoir (8).Among the injured is former BMC corporator Damodar Patil (65) who, along with three others, was admitted to a private hospital in Nashik.The driver of the vehicle lost control, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050002", "title": "Nokia Siemens Networks may close Kolkata unit", "text": "KOLKATA: Nokia Siemens Networks, one among the first firms to believe in the state's IT dream back in 1989, may close down its Kolkata unit, if a letter written by its employees to the assembly standing committee on commerce and industries is anything to go by. The committee will visit the company's 11-acre plot in Sector V on March 1 to find a way out of the quagmire the company has dipped into.The letter - last in the series written by its employees to state IT minister Partha Chatterjee, labour minister Purnendu Bose and even chief minister Mamata Banerjee - was prompted by a company decision to give VRS to 126 contractual staff in December 22 last year. The letter says the decision was spurred by the logic of a \"less production load\" and may have a bearing on an estimated 2,000 contractual and 80 permanent employees the company employs at its factory in Sector V. The fear grew stronger after most departments were \"made redundant.\"The letter was discussed threadbare on February 15 meeting held by the assembly committee. Acting committee chairman Rajib Banerjee made a strong pitch for the March 1 visit to gauge the extent of the problem and take it up with the state government. Initially, when the factory was inaugurated by then chief minister Jyoti Basu , the state (read WEBEL) had a 50% stake in it, which was later sold off to Nokia in April, 2007.\"The company's Kolkata base was a cornerstone of their global operations. The government had over the years given several sops to the company. Now even Siemens is keen to invest in the state on its own. At such a juncture, it would set a bad precedent if the first company which set foot in Sector V were to wind shop and leave Bengal. We will try to help them out of the situation.\" Banerjee said.Anindya Chatterjee, the company's Kolkata unit head, confirmed receiving the letter informing them about the March 1 visit by the legislators.An employee, requesting anonymity, said, \"The letter to the assembly committee was our last resort to bring our plight to public domain and ensure the state government's intervention. We'd met senior ministers but nothing has come out of it yet. Over the years, the Kolkata manufacturing unit has been stymied and the focus is more on the Chennai unit. We fear after the VRS in December, other employees will also be shown the door. How long will the company retain employees without any work?\"A Nokia Siemens Networks' spokesperson said, \"As per our policy, we don't comment about hypothetical situations or scenarios concerning our businesses. As is the case, exigency of work determines our engagement with flexible workforce. In West Bengal, in addition to our manufacturing facility, we have many offices and hundreds of people who are supporting several large telecom operators. Nokia Siemens Networks remains committed to its customers through this extensive network of offices and people across the state. The company's actions are and will continue to be governed by fair treatment and open communication with our employees.\"A senior company executive, refusing to be named, reasoned the company had spoken on downsizing its global workforce by nearly 17,000 in November last year. A part of this would also be in India, he said. \"These are ripples of that announcement. As of now, there is no possibility of folding the Kolkata operations. Barring the Salt lake factory, there is also another unit in Kolkata which employs 80 people. The issue (on less work) stems from the company's new strategy shift to focus more on mobile broadband and services from the traditional fixed line variants. The Kolkata manufacturing unit's core focus was on the later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056625", "title": "Kahaani is not being adapted into a novel: Advaita Kal", "text": "She may have gained renown as a bestselling author of Indian chicklit, but Advaita Kala has also made a name for herself in the world of Indian cinema by venturing into the realm of screenplay writing.Her first screenplay was for the Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra flick Anjaana Anjaani, which she has more recently followed up with one for the Vidya Balan-starrer Kahaani. In fact, there are even reports that the film is going to be adapted into a novel by Advaitaherself, which the writer refutes. \"\"To start with, I wrote the story of Kahaani as a novel, so there is really no adaptation involved. The novel always existed; it's just that it will release after the release of the film, so it's really more a question of timing then adaptation,\"\" she says.In fact, even though Kahaani was originally written for the screen, Advaita wrote it as a novel. \"\"In fact, the script for Anjaana Anjaani was written as a novel and then converted into a screenplay. When I started writing the story of Kahaani, I got swept away with the narrative and just continued writing. Very early on, I knew this had the makings of a novel as well and by the end of it, there were 185 pages! It made sense to have a novel; the tool of interior monologue is something I explored while writing this story and that can be best interpreted via novelistic form,\"\" explains Advaita .The author and screenplay writer has taken the scathing reviews for the story of Anjaana Anjaani -- which was called \"\"painful to watch\"\" and having \"\"no script to speak of\"\" by some critics -- in her stride. \"\"It's a learning curve and I am on it. It's going to happen to me again -- when you are working in the public domain you are going to be criticized. That just comes with the good fortune of having the opportunity of sharing your work with the world. I know I have to keep telling stories; that's what I do,\"\" she says.In fact, she has even written a couple more screenplays that are with Siddharth Anand. \"\"We will see if it's in their destiny to become films,\"\" she says, adding, \"\"But I am now taking a break from movies and concentrating on my fiction writing. It's where I feel I belong right now.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12050685", "title": "Karnataka\u2019s luxury train Golden Chariot gets all-time high patronage", "text": "MYSORE: An increase in the occupancy rate this season has given a welcome fillip to Karnataka's luxury train - Golden Chariot - which takes tourists to several destinations in South India between October and March. The occupancy rate has touched 42% already and is expected to reach 45 per cent in the next few rides. This is the highest occupancy rate since its launch four years ago. When it was started by tourism department and Indian Railways in 2008, the occupancy was just 20 per cent.In the second year, it increased to 25% and later rose to 40 per cent.Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation Project director Srinivas said, ''This year the occupancy rate has increased to 42% which is the all-time high since its launch. We are expecting 45% passenger traffic by the end of this season.'' Apart from getting tourists from the US, Switzerland and England, this year the corporation has received tourists from countries such as Brazil, Austria and Australia. The Golden Chariot was launched for the first time in South India with an aim to promote tourism and aid tourists to have a glimpse of various places in south India. On slashing rates for domestic tourists, he said, ''In a bid to attract domestic tourists too, we have given 20% discounts. In the initial years, the chariot used to ply only in two states - Karnataka and Goa. It was extended to Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Kerala with the new tag 'Southern Splendour.' This helped to increase the tourist inflow. We have overcome all shortcomings and would be in a good position by 2014.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053270", "title": "Who inspired Nandini Rai's makeover?", "text": "Look at actress Nandini Rai and you will never imagine she could have been anything but glamorous.But the Hyderabadi-born Sindhi, who will soon make her debut in Malayalam with director Sajeed's Goodbye December, confesses she was once obese. \"I have always been a foodie and in school, I was this podgy kid. But once I decided that I wanted to be an actress, I took a Uturn. I went on a strict diet; had just chapati and fruit juices and stayed away from carbs. It killed me to give up sweets, but I had to,\" she says.However, Nandini says, \"Being chubby as a kid had its own advantages in my case. I was chosen to play the late actress Soundarya's daughter in a film because of the way I looked then. In fact, it was the day I saw all the adulation that Soundarya received from the public that I decided I wanted to be an actor too.\"Two years of rigorous dieting, and Nandini, formerly known as Neelam Khourani, found herself winning beauty pageants, commercials and roles in films.After a stint in Bollywood with Login and a Telugu film, Nandini seems upbeat about her Malayalam debut. \"The best thing about the Malayalam film industry is that there are a lot of movies here which gives importance to female characters. That's a welcome change from industries wherein the focus is entirely on the hero.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12051582", "title": "As city expands, the need for a development authority is urgent", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite being the second largest city in Tamil Nadu and a nationally important hub for economic activity, the city still lacks a development authority on the lines of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority. The need for such an authority is more urgent now as the city has expanded considerably. The long pending demand for a Coimbatore Development Authority still remains only on paper.Agencies representing both trade and industry blame the inability of the city to attract large-scale industrial investment in recent years, for the absence of such an authority. \"Those trying to invest here are discouraged by the delays in approvals and lack of adequate facilities. Such an authority will ensure planned growth of Coimbatore and its surroundings,'' says M Krishnan, president of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore. \"Investors would have to look at Coimbatore when Chennai becomes saturated with growth. Several industries were reluctant to invest in Coimbatore as their employees may not be able to find affordable housing, decent schools and entertainment options that match their expectations. Such development takes time. But we need to create a system that will facilitate this development,\" he said.According to Ravi Sam of CII, such an authority is inevitable as it would substantially reduce the time taken to grant building plan approvals. \"With faster approvals, development would also be on a fast track,\" he says.Agencies have already urged the government to include it in the Twelfth Five Year Plan. \"It has been a long pending demand of the people,\" said R R Balasundram, vice president of the Chamber. However with limited resources and power entrusted with the local planning authority that is short-staffed, the execution of proposed plans has taken a back-seat, he says. \"The plan to have such a government body was recommended by Justice Mohan Committee. When you look at the sustainable growth that Chennai has achieved, the role of the CMDA has been commendable,\" says K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause.\"The corporation cannot handle the challenges posed by rapid expansion by itself,\" said M Kandhaswami, president of Coimbatore District Small Industries Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050146", "title": "AMRI victims' kin plan to meet Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Families of the AMRI fire victims are planning to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee . On Sunday, they came together to be with each other, to share their pain and anguish and discussed their future course of action and how to keep the issue alive in the public mind.The families also discussed the recent developments in the case.\"We have faith in the judicial system and we are sure that it will deliver justice to the victims,\" said Subhasis Chakraborty, secretary of Human Health Right Forum (HHRF), an organization formed by the families of those who died in the fire on December 9. Chakraborty lost his wife Munmun.Apart from sharing their pain, the families, during their meeting also decided what the HHRF's next course of action will be. They will be meeting the chief minister, taking out silent procession and tying up with NGOs to take their movement for justice forward.\"We are seeking an appointment with the chief minister. If we are granted the appointment on March 9, we will go and submit a memorandum with signatures we have collected from the public,\" said Chakraborty.The families had launched a signature campaign in the beginning of this month. More than 15,000 Kolkatans have expressed their solidarity with them by signing the campaign. Representatives of some NGOs were also present at the meeting.\"We do not want this case to be dismissed as any other case of accidental fire. We will not sit idle till justice is done to those who were killed by the inferno,\" said Raja Ganguly, whose father J L Ganguly was one of the victims of the December 9 blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12051177", "title": "A hormone that measures love life?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Are you in a relationship and want to know how long it will last? Just check the level of oxytocin or the \"love hormone\" in your blood, scientists say.Researchers from Bar-Ilan University in Israel found that couples who have higher levels of oxytocin in their blood stay together longer than those with lesser level of the hormone.For their study, the team measured levels of oxytocin in people who had recently begun relationships. Six months later, the couples with the higher levels of oxytocin tended to still be together , while the others had split, LiveScience reported.The finding suggests oxytocin , a hormone also involved in mother/infant bonding, plays an important role in the initial stages of our romantic attachments, the researchers said.\"These findings suggest that oxytocin in the first months of romantic love may serve as an index of relationship duration,\" they wrote in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology .The study also shows that at a biological level, the process of becoming attached to a new partner may be similar to the process of bonding with a new child, they added.A previous study had found that a nasal spray of oxytocin could improve interactions between couples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "salua (west midnapore)", "code": "12050034", "title": "CIF jawans withdraw stir in Salua", "text": "SALUA (WEST MIDNAPORE): The Counter-Insurgency Force (CIF) jawans withdrew their agitation a day after a clash broke out in the highly protected Salua headquarters.Late on Friday, jawans from CIF and Eastern Frontier Rifles (EFR) - the two specialised security units engaged in anti-Maoist operations - clashed with each other in the Salua EFR headquarters, leaving 25 injured. Eighteen of them were CIF jawans. The CIF jawans were allegedly seen with their service rifles during the clash but most of the injuries were from brickbatting.Late on Saturday night, IG CIF SN Gupta, SP CIF Monoj Verma and district police superintendent Praveen Tripathy spoke to the agitating jawans. The IG has promised that the camp will be shifted to other place. The jawans had started their agitation following the clash to protest against the incident.The jawans complained that many of their belongings were stolen. The police have assured them that a search operation will be launched to recover the lost items.Around 11.30pm on Saturday, an FIR was lodged at Kharagpur police station by one of the jawans that some of them had gone to a local fair and after they returned to their camp around 1am, almost a thousand of unknown outsiders, who were reportedly residents of Salua, arrived at the place and rampaged their camp. The jawans were allegedly beaten up by the attackers.However, Suresh Giri, a resident of Salua campus, had said a scuffle broke out between him and some CIF jawans, but the problem was sorted out. Twenty more CIF jawans then came looking for him and beat him up. Giri's friends and other locals rushed to intervene. \"When we reached the spot we saw another huge force of 100-120 CIF personnel, armed with service rifles, approaching the fair ground,\" said Roshan Ghishing, an organizer of the fair.District police superintendent Praveen Tripathy said that a complaint had been received and a probe was on. Meanwhile, those of the injured jawans who were admitted at Kharagpur subdivisional hospital were later shifted to Midnapore Medical Hospital.EFR assistant commander SK Sorkhel said the EFR was not involved in the matter and that the CIF is looking into the case. The entire area is tensed and the police are patrolling the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051296", "title": "Mother-daughter duo booked for cheating", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A woman and daughter have been booked for allegedly cheating an NRI youth, Ashish Sood, who is settled in Australia, for hiding the marital status of the daughter. The daughter was already married and divorced, before getting marriaged to NRI Sood on Sunday.The booked woman and daughter identified as Kamlesh Puri and Tamanna are residents of Sector 45.According to the FIR lodged at police station in Sector 17, Tamanna and NRI Sood tied the knot on February 21, 2011, and registered their marriage on February 28, 2011. Though, Tamanna already possessed a tourist visa for Australia, but for obtaining permanent residence in Australia she applied for spouse/dependent visa before Australian Embassy on March 15, 2011, the FIR states.Police sources said complainant Sood and his parents came to know of the marital status of Tamanna when they received a rejection letter for her visa from the Australian Embassy in May, 2011. The complainant alleged that during verification he came to know that his wife had been married with a resident of Sector 29 in December, 2008, but was divorced on December 8, 2010.Sub-inspector (SI) Om Parkash, investigating officer of the case, said, \"Ashish Sood filed a complaint in the district courts under Section 156 (3) of the CrPC and a criminal case was registered following the instructions of the courts.\" He added, the booked duo will be quizzed in this regard.Police sources said complainant Sood and his parents came to know of the marital status of Tamanna when they received a rejection letter for her visa from the Australian Embassy in May, 2011. The complainant alleged that during verification he came to know that his wife was a divorcee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050536", "title": "Tribal project officer suspended", "text": "Tribal project officer M M Khojre has been suspended following several irregularities during implementation of various schemes, sources said. During 2010-11, training for women in processing fruits and preparing juices was organized. The project officer selected Raje Sambhaji, Krida Prasarak Mandal for the scheme. It was shown on papers that training was given to 41 women at Motsawanga in Mangrulpir tehsil of Washim district and 31 women at village Narkhed in Nandura taluka of Buldhana district. Additional commissioner inquired into the matter and contacted 32 of the 41 women in Motsawanga and 24 of the 31 women in Narkhed and found that they were not aware of any such training.Offences were already registered against Gayatri Gram Vikas Sanstha Kahad Shivni at Karanja Lad of Washim district.Senior citizen jailed for outraging modesty of 10-year-oldSeventy-year-old Mahadeo Fokmare of Jawla village has been sentenced to six months jail term for outraging the modesty of a 10-year-old girl. Judicial magistrate first class Shubhada Thakre delivered the verdict in which a fine of Rs 1,000 was also imposed on the accused. On September 12, 2007 the accused found the girl alone at her house. He entered the house and made indecent advances towards her. She raised an alarm, hearing which her grandmother rescued her.Offence registered following court orderFollowing a lower court's order, an offence was registered against Shukdas Maharaj, president of Vivekanand Ashram Hiwra in Buldhana district, and three others for grabbing the land at Akoli Khurd on Saturday. The land measuring 5262.50 sq m worth over crores of rupees was purchased on bogus documents, according to the complaint filed by Lalchand Pitale in a local court. The fact was even disclosed in the inquiry report of chief executive officer zilla parishad, Akola. The other three accused included Ashok Padhye (50) sarpanch Sheela Mangle and gram sevak Ganesh Ghuge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12051413", "title": "Sanober Kabir gets Lodhi Club rocking", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Lodhi Club set the right mood for the weekend, enjoying a cultural function on Saturday night. Dressed in a combination of red and black, the members jived with actress-turned-singer Sanober Kabir and a western dance troupe from Delhi, who performed for them.However, the highlight of the evening was a ramp walk by some women members of the club.Cultural secretary of the club Pawan Garg said, \"We were planning a big event for Valentine's Day but since it was a Tuesday we were not able to. But the cultural function on Saturday night was great.'' He said it was the first time they had set a dress code for any event but it was successful. Garg shared some of the club's plans. \"On Holi we are going to organize a bash while on Baisakhi too there would be a grand celebration in the club premises,'' he said.Neha Garg, a student from Aggar Nagar who had participated in the ramp walk, said, \"It was great fun while participating in the ramp walk even without practising for the event. The dance performance by Sanober was also great. I enjoyed a lot.''Monical Mittal of Civil Lines said, \"It was exciting to dress up in red and black and participate in the ramp walk. It refreshed memories because I have participated in several such events earlier also. It gives a chance to take a break from daily routine. I hope the club team organizes such events more frequently.''Couples also participated in a special dance before everyone enjoyed special Punjabi food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049270", "title": "Domestic help robs Rs 31L from Juhu home", "text": "MUMBAI: Ornaments and silver articles, collectively worth Rs 31.25 lakh, were looted from the Juhu apartment of a financial consultant on Saturday afternoon.The police are looking for the consultant's househelp, Suresh Parida alias Lambodar (32), who is an Odisha native and is the prime suspect in the case. Incidentally, the complainant, Harendra Thanawala (59), had registered his domestic help with the police.Thanawala stays at Mittal Park on Juhu's JR Mhatre Marg with his wife. His son stays in a separate flat in the same building. Parida was working for Thanawala on a full-time basis for the past six years. On Saturday morning, Thanawala and his wife left home around 11.30 am to attend a family function. They left Parida alone at home as they trusted him and were to return in a few hours. Around 3.30pm, when the elderly couple came home, they found both Parida and their valuables missing.\"There were two cupboards in the house that contained ornaments and valuables. While Parida opened one of the cupboards with a duplicate key, he broke open the lock on the other,\" said a police official. He made off with gold, pearl and diamond ornaments, besides silver articles, totally worth Rs 31.25 lakh. \"The couple tried calling Parida's cellphone a number of times as they didn't find him at home. But he did not attend their calls. Thanawala then registered a complaint of theft with the Juhu police.Parida hails from Jagatsinghpur in Odisha and migrated to Mumbai six years ago. \"We have sent a team to Odisha to find him. A team is at work in Mumbai as well,\" an official said, adding that their job has become easier as Parida had been registered with the police. The Zone IX police have been very particular about registering househelps, watchmen and drivers in every housing society in the Oshiwara-Bandra belt since last year. This has helped bring down the crime rate immensely. Officials said that several househelps, who had an ulterior motive to take up the job, fled without getting registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053870", "title": "Gattu releasing in India on April 20th", "text": "The special mentioned children's film of the 62nd Berlin film festival is ready to charm the Indian audienceAfter wooing the audience in the prestigious 62nd Berlin Film Festival and getting a special mention with all the shows of the movie being sold out, Children's Film Society, India's movie Gattu is ready to release in India.The movie is directed by Rajan Khosa and will release in the country on April 20th this year. The movie stars Mohammad Samad as 'Gattu', Naresh Kumar as 'Anees Bhai' and Bhura as 'Tiger' the sheep and the music in the film is composed by Sandesh Shandilya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049150", "title": "'Victim may never sing again'", "text": "MUMBAI: It may take a long time before Malad-based housewife Sonal Goyani can sing again. The 34-year-old former singer and mother of two has damaged her vocal chords, after her acquaintance, Jayesh Goswami, slit her throat at her Malad residence on Friday. Goswami (36), who also attempted to kill himself in the same manner, is in a critical condition. Investigations in the case have come to a halt as both, Sonal and Goswami, are not in a condition to speak to the police.\"We had sent our personnel to record Sonal's statement at the Evershine nursing home in Malad, where she is admitted. But doctors told us that her vocal chords have been damaged and she won't be able to speak for a week at least,\" a senior official said. \"Doctors have adviced that even after a week, she won't be able to talk normally. She will speak only in hushed tones and our personnel will have to stand with his ear close to her face to hear her.\"Goswami, who is admitted to the Bhagwati Hospital in Borivali, isn't doing any better himself. \"Only when either of them records their statements with us, can there be a progress in the probe,\" said zonal DCP Mahesh Patil.Sonal's husband, Hetalbhai, an imitation jewellery trader, is looking after her at the hospital. Goswami had left behind a note in Sonal's flat, stating that he and Sonal were in an intimate relationship for two years and that her husband used to torture her. He added that he and Sonal had planned to die together as they could not get married and love together. Sonal's husband, however, rubbished these allegations.\"We are probing the authenticity of Goswami's claims. We are also in the process of questioning residents of Sonal's housing society whether Goswami was spotted there frequently,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12051242", "title": "Mumbai bird race: Ashy Minivet spotted after 47 years", "text": "MUMBAI: It was last reliably spotted in 1965. But on Sunday, the Ashy Minivet was spotted once again in Karnala Bird Sanctuary by the team that won the second position in the eight edition of the HSBC Mumbai Bird Race.The team has photographic evidence of the bird, which is mostly found in tropical and sub-tropical moist forests and in temperate forests. Pravin Subramanian, core member of the Mumbai Bird Race, said, \"This bird has not been reliably sighted since 1965. There has been no evidence until today about the sightings of Ashy Minivet in the city.\"Nearly 400 professional and amateur bird - w at ch e r s flocked to the city's fo re s t e d a re a s, g r a s s - l a n d s, creeks and other birding hotspots as part of the bird race. Enthusiasts from townships and far-flung areas like Alibaug and Karjat also participated in the race's eighth edition. Several of the region's experienced bird-watchers provided leadership to the unique event, where participants were divided into 70 teams. From dawn to dusk, bird-watchers at sites like Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), Karnala bird sanctuary, Sewri mudflats and Maharashtra Nature Park at Mahim kept their eyes peeled to spot various species.The bird race has almost become an annual ritual for 74-year-old M D Khattar. Armed with binoculars, bird identification guides and a log sheet, Khattar, who has been an avid bird-watcher for over 10 years, was one of the oldest participants of Sunday's bird race.Several new birdwatching amateurs also participated in the event. Coordinator of the race Sunjoy Monga told TOI: \"This certainly generates a sense of awareness among the kids. Though they have a very short attention span, this bird race brings them closer to nature.\" Hearing bird-calls is crucial in sighting them, added Subramanian. A financial consultant, Subramanian keeps this time of the year free to organize the Mumbai Bird Race. \"I have been bird-watching since my college days. It brings you very close to nature.\"However, everything is not hunky-dory. Bird experts say rampant development in the city has brought down the bird count. Monga said that haphazard development of Mumbai has affected the bird habitat. \"Any team which spots a woodpecker should consider themselves lucky,\" he added. Khattar too feels that the numbers have gone down.Statistical snapshots Around 400 bird enthusiasts in 70 teams participated in Sunday's bird raceBirder facts In 2005, when the first bird race took place, there were around 150 birders. 2009 saw maximum participation with 500 -odd birders.Bird-watching sites: Sanjay Gandhi National Park Karnala Uran Datiware Kalyan - Tansa - Karjat Alibag PhansadDwindling numbers: The population of woodpeckers, junglefowl and raptors in the city appears to have gone down, going by this year's bird tallyWinners 1st Black Bittern and Grey Headed Lapwing: The two teams sighted 169 birds each 2nd Greater Spotted Eagle: The team sighted 160 birds 3rd Ichthyophaega: The team spotted 150 birds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "helsinki", "code": "12055266", "title": "Nokia unveils cheaper Windows phone Lumia 610", "text": "HELSINKI: Nokia Oyj, the world's third-largest smartphone maker by shipments, will sell a Windows Phone priced at 189 euros ($254) in the second quarter to capture first-time users against similar devices powered by Google Inc's Android.The Lumia 610 will be 30 per cent less expensive than Nokia's current cheapest smartphone running Microsoft's Corp's Windows platform. The device will be targeted at young people to hook them to the company's new platform. Nokia also announced a high-resolution camera phone as it returned to the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Europe's biggest wireless show, with its first product introduction in three years.\"The price makes it very competitive with the low-end Android devices,\" Carolina Milanesi, a research vice president at Gartner. The handset will be attractive to operators as it will require very little subsidy, she said. \"You build momentum, you build volume and then you build interest in the ecosystem.\"Nokia Chief Executive Officer Stephen Elop won good reviews for the first two Lumia phones using the Microsoft platform, which sold \"well over 1 million\" units, he said Jan. 26. Nokia's shares have fallen about 10 per cent since it unveiled those handsets Oct. 26 as consumers continued to bypass Windows Phones in favour of Android handsets costing as little as $100 and Apple Inc's iPhone, which broadened its range with discounted older devices.Bigger ecosystemMicrosoft has adapted Windows Phone software so that it requires half as much memory and runs the cheaper 7X27A chip from Qualcomm Inc. That should help manufacturers cut their costs.The Lumia will run on the updated version of Microsoft's software, Windows Phone 7.5, known as Mango , which will be based on cheaper hardware, according to the announcement.\"Nokia is starting to deliver on Elop's promise to bring down the price points and enlarge the Windows Phone ecosystem,\" said Martin Garner, a London-based analyst at CCS Insight. \"It's still too early to proclaim success, the volumes are not there, but he is executing and doing it at the right sort of speed.\"The manufacturer also said that its high-end Lumia 900 device, which will first go on sale in the U.S. with operator AT&T; Inc., won't be made available on any other fourth- generation network except in Canada. The handset, which will be sold in the second quarter and costs 480 euros, will run on a form of third-generation technology called HSPA+.Emerging marketsNokia, based in Espoo, Finland, also introduced three phones for its Asha line, sold primarily in emerging markets. The company got about 46 per cent of its sales last year from these phones and other low-end phones, which lag behind smartphones in processing speed and applications such as video calling and corporate e-mail.Smartphone sales may grow 39 per cent this year from 472 million units, according to researcher Gartner Inc. Android and the iPhone together accounted for almost three quarters of smartphone sales last quarter, while Nokia's share was 12 per cent, Gartner said. A billion people may use smartphones by 2016, Forrester Research said in a report this month.The Finnish company has lost more than 60 billion euros in market value since Apple introduced the iPhone in 2007, including a 14 percent drop on Feb. 14, 2011, the day Elop announced that Nokia would embrace Windows Phone and taper off its 10-year-old Symbian product line.Brand, volume Nokia will need the US market for brand credibility and emerging markets for volume. It's preparing to sell the Lumia 900 handset with AT&T; while the Lumia 710 is in shops including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Nokia will offer Lumias in China and Latin America by July, Elop said Jan. 26.Last year its handset revenues fell in all regions except the Middle East and Africa and Latin America. The Lumia 710 costs 270 euros. The company introduced the Communicator, one of the first handsets to surf the Internet, in 1996. Its N8 Symbian smartphone, introduced in 2010, had a 12-megapixel camera. The company's new camera-phone, the 808 Pure View, will have a 41 megapixel sensor, alongside optics jointly developed with Carl Zeiss AG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051315", "title": "4 of family among top 10 in hat contest", "text": "It was a proud moment for Grewals as four entries from their family were selected among the top 10, for wearing the best and most beautiful floral hats during the floral hat competition held at Rose Festival.Abninder Singh Grewal, wife Chanderdeep, their factory worker Charanjeev and guest Flora from Germany, unleashed their creative side to make hats for the competition. Together as a family they visited the Rose Festival with their beautifully decorated floral hats.\"We call ourselves, Gary Arts (flower boutique) Family, and it was truly a fun experience for us to participate in this competition. Initially, my wife hesitated to wear the hat, but my children and I convinced her somehow. As we entered the Rose Garden everyone started clicking our pictures and requesting to be photographed with us!\"The hats made by Grewals were even kept at the Rose Festival for others to wear and click pictures. Himanshu Sachdeva, who took care of the stall where hats were kept, said, \"We saw a huge rush of people at our stall and even won the first prize for best decoration. We had kept a Mickey Mouse decorated with flowers at the stall and every third person was clicking pictures with it!\"Floral hat contest was organized for the first time by Chandigarh administration during Rose Festival and being winners of the first such event is what made the win sweeter. The event was organized to unleash the creative talent in city residents by holding a competition for all age groups to participate and decorate hats with artificial or real flowers.Other than this, Mr and Miss Rose Festival was yet another event which was organized for the first time, where youngsters were witnessed competing for the title. Romil, student of Panjab University, and Charu Verma, student of GCG-42, won the titles for Mr and Miss Rose Festival, respectively.On the concluding day of Rose Festival, prizes for other contests like on the spot painting competition, folk dance competition and antakshri were also announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12050582", "title": "Meet on bio-sciences from tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of zoology, St Aloysius College will organize a two-day national seminar on 'Recent advances in biological sciences' from February 28. The seminar is being organised under the star college scheme sponsored by the department of biotechnology, Union ministry of science and technology. The seminar aims at providing a scientific platform to deliberate on the progress in research in various fields of biological sciences.It also seeks to encourage young minds to undertake need- based research in the same.Students, teachers and research scholars from across the country will participate in the seminar. Shakuntala Katre, former chairperson, department of zoology, Bangalore University, chief guest will inaugurate the seminar. Rev Fr Swebert D'Silva, principal will preside over the inaugural function.Shakuntala Katre will deliver the keynote address after the inaugural function. Fr Walter Andrade, finance officer of the college as the chief guest at the valedictory function. . Fr Leo D'Souza, director of laboratory of applied biology of the college will preside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "12049376", "title": "Contract killers nabbed, man booked for giving supari", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A youth in his mid-20s was arrested for giving a supari to get the father of his estranged wife killed. The plot was revealed on Saturday, when police arrested two alleged contract killers.Mangal Singh and Balwainder Singh, residents of Bhiwani, were arrested from near the residence of Randhir Singh, a resident of Kalyan Nagar, Jagadhari, when they were looking for him to execute the killing.A country-made pistol and two knives were seized from their possession. A case has been registered against them and Ved Pal, the estranged son-in-law.\"Ved is involved in a dowry harassment case. During questioning, Mangal and Balwinder confessed to have taken supari and had tried to kill Randhir in court, but failed. Hence, they decided to kill him in the locality,'' a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "12051699", "title": "13 fall ill after consuming sewage water", "text": "THANJAVUR: As many as 15 residents of the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board (TNSCB) quarters in Thanjavur, underwent treatment for diarrhoea and vomiting on Sunday as sewage water got mixed with the drinking water here.TNSCB had constructed 297 residential flats at AV Pathi Nagar in Vadakku Vaasal area of Thanjavur. Most of the flats were occupied by sanitary workers of the Thanjavur municipality. Since Saturday, many persons including women and children suffered from vomiting and diarrhoea. They were later admitted to the Thanjavur Medical College hospital.As it persisted on Sunday also, the issue was taken up with the district collector who ordered the municipality officials to take immediate steps. The medical team provided treatment to them and brought the situation under control. When contacted, Dr P Sivanesan, town health officer of Thanjavur municipality, said that the medical team gave necessary treatment to the 13 affected persons. The mixing of sewage water with the drinking water had resulted in the health problem, he said. The residents were rearing pigs for commercial purpose, which often damaged the water pipelines and the drainage supply. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051446", "title": "Soft skills arm cops in public dealings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A cop standing at a traffic-light signal or police check-post, talking in chaste regional dialect could be a thing of the past in Chandigarh, as the training department of police will impart training in soft skills and English speaking.Recently, a batch of new recruits of traffic police had undergone this training programme. The course is meant for beat cops, traffic cops and all other officials who are engaged in public dealing. Police is also contemplating a tie-up with an NGO or a city-based institution to impart training. In January, around 250 traffic cops had taken similar training.\"This will be a two to three week course. Cops will take training from experts and a certificate will be presented to them after successful completion,\" said a senior official of the training wing of Chandigarh police, who declined to be named.He added, \"Most officials, eventhough they are graduates, hesitate to speak in English because of their simple upbringing and village background. This training module is aimed at grooming them to be more friendly and social. Apart from building their confidence, cops will be also be given training in stress management, anger control and mannerism by experts.\"Recently, Chandigarh police had deployed many new recruits and they believe that this course would add to their confidence. \"We come across different people everyday. There are cases when a violator does not understand Hindi or Punjabi, so in such cases this course will help us deal appropriately with different types of people,\" said Ramesh Kumar , a traffic cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048840", "title": "NCP worker held for financial fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Chandu Thakkar, state vice-president of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), turned himself in at CID (Crime) office in Ahmedabad, it was the end of chase for him going on for more than two years.According to CID (Crime) officials, Thakkar, also a member of Bhabhar Nagar Panchayat in Palanpur, Banaskantha, had taken a loan of Rs 2.5 crore from Ahmedabad-based Gujarat Industrial Cooperative Bank (GICB), 10 years back. However, when he failed to pay up the dues, the bank first registered a complaint with Ahmedabad police after which the investigation was handed over to CID (Crime) two years back.\"Thakkar knew about the development and he tried to evade arrest for long. While he visited Bhabhar at regular intervals, he used to flee when police came knocking on his door for his statement in the case. Just recently, we got a tip-off that Thakkar was appointed chief guest at a community marriage in Bhabhar and we kept a watch. However, he did not turn up,\" said a CID (Crime) official.Officials added that he had addressed a gathering through video-conference to maintain his presence in the area and evade police action. He has been charged with cheating and breach of trust under IPC Sections 420 and 406, a non-bailable offence. NCP officials had earlier accused the state government of using the police machinery to harass the NCP office-bearer fearing their loss at the important seat of Bhabhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048760", "title": "First social entrepreneurship meet held at MICA", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mudra Institute of Communication, Ahmedabad (MICA) held its first Social Entrepreneurship Meet called 'PRAGATI 2012' on Saturday. The events discussed about the large number of Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO) in the country and the lack of accountability in most of the NGOs.P K Laheri, chairman and managing director of Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd, was the chief guest at the event.Founder member of Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan, Zakia Soman, spoke on how India needs social entrepreneurs. Referring to the wide gap between the country's rich and the poor, Soman said there are 'Two Indias' in the same country - one that has everything and the other that has nothing. \"Equality of opportunity is the biggest promise of our constitution but we are denied of it,\" she said. Soman added that the patriarchal nature of the country is one of the biggest social evils in our society and that this evil, which is deeply embedded in every Indian, has to be eradicated.The day also saw a panel discussion on how the number of NGOs in India is growing exponentially, with the lack of accountability posing a concern. The panelists were founder of a national NGO called Parichay Vijay Bajpai; founder of NGO, Samavedana, Janki Vasant; CSR head of Reliance ADA group Anupam Nidhi, founder of an NGO called The Difference, Arastu Zakia. Nidhi spoke about the credibility of the social sector from a corporate's point of view and how CSR activities are more than just an obligation, but are an integral part of a corporate.Mica also held literary activities on Saturday and Sunday as a part of its annual literary meet called 'Maktub 2012'. Prestigious institutes such as IIM-Ahmedabad, SIBM Pune, among others, participated in the meet. The festival also had reputed authors delivering lectures and talks during an event called 'Author Speak'. Well known actor, composer, lyricist, singer and scriptwriter Piyush Mishra shared his experiences with the students in a talk at the event on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048968", "title": "Fifty-year-old attempts suicide by burning self", "text": "JAIPUR: A fifty-year-old man attempted suicide by self-immolation at his Jhalana Dungari residence on Sunday morning.The victim identified as Urma Meena alias Suraj set himself on fire at his rented accommodation. His land lady saw smoke coming out of the first floor of the house and, thus, called people of the nearby locality and rushed to the fire engulfed portion of the house.\"The burning man was wrapped in a blanket and then rushed to the Sawai ManSingh hospital here,\" said a senior police officer of Gandhi Nagar police station.\"The victim has sustained 70% burns and chances of his survival are meagre,\" authorities at SMS said.Asked about the reason behind the extreme step, the police said they are still to find out the reason. \"He was working as a cleaner at the office of Geological Survey of India (GSI) at Jhalana Dungari itself. A few days ago his son Mahendra and daughter-in-law Premi had visited him. According to the land lady, no fight or scuffle was witnessed and the threesome had also gone for shopping.\"Police are yet to record the statements of the accused. \"Prima facie, it is an attempt to suicide, yet the possibility of accidental fire can't be ruled out,\" the sub-inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050110", "title": "Teacher shortage puts kids in language soup", "text": "CHENNAI: In many city corporation schools, English-medium students are made to sit in classrooms with their Tamil-medium batch-mates, with lessons taught in one language and explained in another in their textbooks.Civic body officials say this is because they have not been able to recruit enough teachers and due to low enrolment in English-medium classes.The civic body's efforts to open more schools with English as the language of instruction was, ironically enough, part of a plan to increase enrolment as well as improve standards of teaching and raise the pass percentage.The corporation needs at least 300 more teachers for the 1,42,387 students in its schools, some of which offer both English- and Tamil-medium instruction. The corporation currently has around 3,600 teachers in all.According to education department guidelines, the teacher-student ratio in corporation schools should be at least 1:40. \"It is not financially viable to appoint a teacher and assign a classroom if there are less then 40 students in a class,\" an education department official said. \"Some English-medium classes have as few as six or seven students.\"If the schools receive a written order to switch to the activity-based learning (ABL) method, the corporation will require even more teachers, as the minimum prescribed teacher-student ratio for this system is 1:30.The students are struggling to cope with being taught in Tamil and being given English textbooks, but some corporation officials say the language of instruction does not matter much. \"English, Tamil and mathematics are common anyway. So they have to learn only science and social studies in Tamil,\" a corporation official said.School authorities say teachers are allotted by the teacher recruitment board on the basis of the number of students in each school. \"English medium was introduced only last year. We have just eight students in Class 5 so we cannot have separate teachers for them,\" a headmistress of a Besant Nagar school that was granted permission to start English-medium classes.The education department has submitted a list of vacancies to the teacher recruitment board. \"We have sent a subject-wise list of vacancies in 2010 and 2011. The board has told us that it will allot the teachers by April, so next year we should be at full strength,\" said a senior official in the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053925", "title": "Rajini wanted the climax to be changed?", "text": "According to sources Rajini wanted the ending to be very different and discussed with Aishwarya regarding her directorial debut filmApart from the praises, Rajinikanth also had some suggestions to make. He was not very satisfied with the climax and had conveyed this to Aishwarya. Sources say that Rajini wanted the ending to be very different and discussed with Aishwarya regarding this.Going by her father's experience in the industry, Aishwarya has also decided that she needs to adhere to his suggestions. 3 stars Dhanush and Shruti Haasan as the lead pair with Siva Karthikeyan in an important role. Music is by Anirudh.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050531", "title": "6 bank managers, 2 clerks booked for fraud of Rs 98.36 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Eight bank employees, including six managers, of Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCC) have been booked by Butibori police for forgery that led to a loss to the tune of Rs 98.36 lakhs. The cops have registered offences under various sections for fraud, criminal breach of trust and other charges after bank authorities produced the audit report before the police.It has come to fore that bank managers posted at Takalghat branch of the cooperative bank between 2004 and 2010 have been named in the case. The tainted managers were identified as RB Ingole, SD Choudhary, SV Vilkarwar, VD Thosre, NN Samarth and SD Chute. Bank cashier SB Tiwari and clerk MD Pandey, who kept the records, were also named as coaccused in the case.Police said that the culprits would accept deposits from account holders and make relevant entries in the pass book, but the money was never deposited in the bank. The customers' money would be diverted to the personal accounts of the people involved in the nexus, leading to a loss for both account holders and bank. The accused would also make bogus withdrawals in the name of some account holders and channelize funds to their personal accounts.Senior inspector KM Rajput of Butibori police station said that the probe would start soon. \"We will check documents and quiz the concerned people,\" he said. No arrests have been made yet in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12057013", "title": "Actress Revathy flags off Calicut mini marathon", "text": "Amidst much fanfare actress Revathy flagged off Calicut Mini Marathon held under the aegis of Thantedam Gender Fest on Sunday, Feb 26.The mini-marathon served as a precursor to the upcoming Thantedam Gender Park, a novel project envisaging a cultural centre that will offer women from various strata of society a slew of support systems and services such as library, juvenile home, health centre and legal assistance.After flagging off the 10 KM marathon for men, Revathy who has always worked for the betterment of women in the society said, she was extremely happy to see youngsters taking up the gender cause.The Thantedam fest with its theme \"Empowering her future\", aims to highlight women's issues such as poor work force participation, domestic violence, customary dowry practices and security concerns faced by women in the society. And also provide a platform for people to discuss these issues openly.The gender festival will encompass a host of events for women such as sports and food festival, health camps, self-help group support workshops, documenting and sharing of stories of women's struggle and success.Actor Jishnu Raghavan, Calicut Collector P B Saleem were also spotted at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049494", "title": "Amaan Ali\u2019s Tagore tribute wows audience at Siri Fort", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sarod player Amaan Ali Khan on Sunday evening enthralled the audience with a special recital at the Siri Fort Auditorium commemorating the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore and Swami Vivekananda. The performance was part of a two-day festival organized by Legends of India to pay tribute to Tagore and Swami Vivekananda.The show started late, but the moment Amaan Ali Khan, dressed in a dark green kurta, took the stage, the atmosphere was enlivened. Entry to the event was free music lovers from across the city came see the sarod recital. \"I feel privileged to be part of the celebrations for commemorating two great legends,'' said Khan, after apologizing for the delay in starting the recital. Before starting, he thanked his father Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, mother Subhalakshmi Khan, and younger brother Ayaan Ali Khan who were sitting in the front row for being present. Khan then said he would be playing the traditional jhinjhoti raag followed by two or three compositions. Accompanying him were tabla maestro Satyajit Talwalkar and tabla player Vineet Vyas.The audience heard the music from the strings of the sarod with the tabla beats in rapt attention and the first composition was followed by a thumping applause. Amaan Ali is a seventh generation in a family of musicians and is the grandson of Aaafiz Ali Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051333", "title": "Residents hug cute little pugs", "text": "With a telecom brand reintroducing the little pug in its commercial replacing the inanimate zoo zoos, the demand for the cute canine has surged again, as the little vivacious pet is finding more takers in the Tricity. The heavy price tag, however, has come off pugs with the fawn and off white coloured ones available between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000. A black pug is available for Rs 15,000-20,000 in the tricity.The trend favouring pugs was evident on Sunday at a dog show organized under the aegis of Kennel Club of India (KCI) in Mohali, where breeders mostly sold pugs among all breeds.About this returning craze for pug, Chandigarh Kennel Club secretary Harinder Singh Aulakh said, it fulfills all the requirements of a family dog and as it comes under the 'toy dog' category, it is most popular among children. Aulakh agreed the telecom commercial has augmented its demand and said, \"This pet doesn't demand much time from the owner and is not destructive like other dogs.\"Mohali Kennel Club president G S Sandhu said pugs are even bought as complementary pets by people who already own other dogs.\"Commercials and movies plays a major role in popularizing a pet and this is the reason the little pug is back in demand,\" said Panchkula-based veterinarian Dr M R Singla. He added that children find pugs cute because of their large affectionate eyes.City-based breeder Vinod Kumar alias Sonu said the prices have gone down because there were very few pug breeders in the country earlier, but now, there are many domestic breeders too. The breed was earlier available for Rs 30,000-35,000, which later dropped between Rs 20,000 and Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050429", "title": "Rotary's international food fest pleases all", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a fun filled evening, as there was scrumptious food that made many mouths water at Ladies Club Lawns. Rotary Club of Nagpur organized their annual International Food Festival on Sunday. There were various cuisines like Chinese, Lebanese, American, Persian, Afghani, Thai and Burmese set up by leading restaurants and food connoisseurs of the city.\"I loved the delicious Afghani and the Thai food. There were amazing desserts like the melting mouse and the strawberry cheese cake. My son had an awesome time playing the various games,\" said Divya Sharma. Shubhangi Karle, another foodie, said, \"I liked the previous year's festival more as there were more international cuisines. This time it is largely Asian.\"There were a variety of games for people all age groups and families. Many interesting activities like music, dance, and random easy quizzes were also organized. \"I am having a gala time. I already won three lucky dips. The ice-cream here tastes wow!\" exclaimed Shakshi Chawla, an eight-year-old.This year there was an increase in the number of dessert stalls. A variety of tarts like chocolate, mango , fruit and strawberry were present. There were chocolate shots and other cocoa delicacies that grabbed the attention. \"The response this year is overwhelming! Besides it's a good initiative by Rotary. It spreads more awareness among the citizens and also gives people like us a chance to promote our brands,\" HK Bembi, owner of city pastry shop.As people took pleasure in tasting the variety of food, it was a proud moment for Tauby Bhagwagar, president Rotary Club of Nagpur. \"It takes a lot of effort to put together such an event. It gives me and other Rotarians immense pleasure to see people enjoy it. Such events make the citizens aware of the existence of Rotary. The hard work has paid off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049487", "title": "Drunk caller takes police for a ride", "text": "PUNE: 'Firing near K K Market on Satara road...,' said an unknown caller who dialled the Pune police control room phone on Saturday afternoon. Within minutes, teams of the crime branch and the Sahakarnagar police reached the spot.Very soon they realised that the call was hoax. And the person who made the call was identified as Somnath Dattoba Gaware (39) of Dhankawdi, who allegedly called up the police in an inebriated condition.Assistant police inspector of the Sahakarnagar police station S V Jagtap told TOI that they got the call around 3 pm on Saturday. \"On the backdrop of a recent firing incident near Pune court, the police took the call seriously and rushed to the spot, but nothing untoward was found.\"The police then got the residential address of the caller and went to his home. \"Gaware was finally found late in the night. At that time he was drunk. We took preventive action against him and released him,\" Jagtap said.Gaware told the police that while he was passing by the K K Market on Saturday afternoon, three or four persons came near him and asked for his cell phone. \"Gaware, who was under inebriated condition, refused to give them his cell phone. The persons then told him that they want to inform the police about a firing incident near K K Market. Gaware immediately dialled the control room and said what he was told by the four men,\" Jagtap said. The police suspect the four men may have tried to rob Gaware's cell phone on finding him drunk. Jagtap is an electrician by profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12051356", "title": "Carrying forward 7,000-yr-old legacy", "text": "PANCHKULA: The 57th generation at Chandi Temple, situated around seven-eight kilometres north of Panchkula, has been carrying forward the legacy of looking after the temple from which the name of City Beautiful has been derived.And for generations this family has never hankered after money or the worldly pleasures, comforts and modern facilities that it can buy. Instead, they preferred to retain the temple. For young Deepak Giri, who is in his twenties and has recently taken over the charge of the temple from his father Rajesh Giri, the fact that he is a part of this family legacy and tradition is a thing of great pride. \"Generations over, our family has been looking after this temple and I am going to take this legacy forward. This temple was built even before the Mahabharata and later when this city was built, it was decided that it would be named after this temple,\" said Deepak.And there's no place for regrets when it comes to Deepak. He said, \"I see boys of my age employed with big companies, managing business affairs, enjoying and partying hard, but I'm proud to be doing this and carrying forward my family's legacy. So what if I cannot prove myself like others in the professional world? I feel I have an identity of my own because of this temple and the significance attached to it.\"\"In fact it's a custom in our family to take care of the temple. None of our family members have ventured in any other profession. We believe if we do so, it'll be a sin,\" added Giri.Situated in the lap of Shivaliks, Chandi Mandir is one of the oldest temples of the area. \"This family has become an inseparable part of City Beautiful's history. Anyone would love to go in for modern facilities and lucrative career options, but this boy has left everything only to follow the footsteps of his forefathers and take the family legacy forward,\" said Vidit Kapoor, a resident of Sector 14, Panchkula, who had come to visit the temple.Dedicated to Goddess Chandi, visitors subscribe to the aura of divinity that surrounds the temple and its rich architecture. \"The old walls of the temple offer immense calmness. I am a devotee of Goddess Chandi and have brought my children along so that they learn of the place that has given Chandigarh its name,\" said a visitor, Yudhvir Singh.This is now the 57th generation here that is carrying forward the 7,000 year-old tradition at Chandi Temple situated around seven-eight kilometres north of Panchkula, from which the name of City Beautiful has been derived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039022", "title": "Now, tech companies log on to double shifts", "text": "BANGALORE: Double shifts are coming into tech space as companies seek to cut costs.Software services firm Mphasis recently introduced a two-shift system in some of its facilities: the first is from 7am to 3pm, and the second from 5pm to 1am. The two hours in between is used to clean up the work area after the first-shift employees leave. About 20% of the company's 36,000 staff in India is currently under this system. It enables Mphasis to save on real estate costs.\"We're laser-focused on optimizing resources to provide value to both our customers and shareholders,\" said Puneet Bhirani, Mphasis senior VP &amp; head of business operations. Seat sharing is one initiative to enhance utilization of fixed infrastructure. \"Options like sharing seats among projects across shifts and hot-desking are used to improve the headcount-to-seat ratio,'' he said.Shyam Sunder Pani, president of the Global Initiative for Restructuring Environment &amp; Management (Girem), an urban planning and corporate realty forum , said the shift system exists in BPO and for real-time support staff. \"Space-sharing arrangement for software developers is a new trend. It has the potential to become a norm in the industry in a few years, given the rising cost of real estate and the fact that good real estate is often not available,'' he said.Saurabh Govil, senior VP for HR in Wipro Technologies, said seat-sharing trend is emerging in the country. \"We don't do it now, but we may look at it later,'' he said.The IT industry spends on an average 64% of its operational cost on people (salary and training), 24% on real estate and transport, and 12% on technology and communication. Currently, given the recessionary conditions in Western markets and the consequent slowing of IT demand, there is a lot of focus on lowering operational cost to improve profitability.\"Salary is an untouchable area. So all possible tweaking will happen around real estate and transportation, and some cuts will be seen in technology and communication,'' said the facilities head at a leading IT firm.Pani says not many companies are willing to expand to low-cost destinations, given that accessibility to them is poor and talent availability is low. \"So the ideal option is to squeeze more people into existing real-estate space, by reducing the space available to each employee and by introducing multiple shifts,\" he says.Many employees may not initially like the two-shift idea, but HR experts say they would eventually get used to it. An Mphasis employee who did not want to be named said he was allowed to choose the shift he wanted to work in, and also periodically change the shift. \"That helps,\" he said.One community would definitely be unhappy - real estate developers. IT companies have been the biggest absorbers of commercial grade-A properties, and this growth could decelerate. But the shift system could have at least one major beneficial effect on cities like Bangalore - reduce road congestion by spreading the traffic more evenly through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049518", "title": "AIIMS ties up with cops to promote organ donation", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than two lakh Indians require organ transplantation annually. However, less than 10% are able to get this timely help. Cadaver donation, which is the biggest source of organs for transplantation, remains as low as 0.1%, say experts.To deal with the crisis, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has started a new initiative in which police are sensitized to legal issues related to retrieval of organs from a person who is declared brain dead-most accident and trauma incidents that fall under medico-legal cases and come under this category.\"We have had two meetings with top Delhi Police officers to discuss and deliberate on the provisions of Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994, which allows organ retrieval from brain-dead patients, given that the legal formalities are fulfilled,\" said Dr Aarti Vij, faculty-in-charge of ORBO. She said the recent meeting, which was held on Wednesday, was attended by 45 top officials, including S N Srivastava, joint commissioner (training), Delhi Police.\"The aim was to apprise police officers, who play a key role in monitoring and facilitating donation in organ retrieval cases, of the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994,\" Vij said. Dr Sanjeev Lalwani, associate professor, department of forensic medicine at AIIMS, added that quite often the family members of the donor feel that retrieval of organs may hinder the postmortem or delay it. \"With help from police, we can speed up the process,\" he said.Dr Sudhir Gupta, another senior forensic expert from AIIMS, said in accidents, fall from height, and other such incidents, head injury is common, which often leaves the patient brain dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049916", "title": "Congress responsible for illegal mining: Ramdev", "text": "PANAJI: Attacking the Congress for promoting 'family Raj\" though not directly naming it, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Sunday also blamed the Congress in Goa for illegal mining, for corruption and other ills.Ramdev observed a day-long fast at the Azad Maidan, Panaji , along with many supporters on Sunday. The programme was organized by the Bharat Swabhiman and Patanjali Yogpeeth, led by Swami Ramdev . The programme began with \"pranayam\" from 6 am to 8 am followed by \"buddhi shuddi yadnya\". The fast was to protest and eradicate the malaise of corruption, illegal mining, drugs, black money and other such social problems.Briefing the media, Ramdev said only one party is responsible for family raj in India and that the country will only get justice when that party is thrown out of power. \"Do not vote for that party. Never before has Goa been looted like in the past five years,\" Ramdev said.The guru also alleged that iron ore worth 7-lakh crore has been looted from Goa and that in turn, mining has afflicted Goans with diseases like cancer and tuberculosis. In an apparent dig at Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's speech at Fatorda on Saturday, Ramdev said leaders from Delhi are now asking Goans for their votes when the same government is going slow on the Lokpal bill.Lamenting that the present weak system of getting truthful affidavits from election candidates, Ramdev said candidates should be directed to produce three things; their character certificate, details of their economic holdings and details of their criminal records. He said that he will demand that candidates who hide such details be barred from contesting elections.Ramdev also said that not even one gram of iron ore should be allowed to go out of the country and out of Goa. He said all Indian and Goan ore should be processed in the country itself thereby giving jobs to thousands of Indians.When asked, Ramdev said his agitation against social ills will continue even after the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12051430", "title": "Sam likes being a hands-on entrepreneur", "text": "BRS NAGAR: For three years Harsamrath Singh of BRS Nagar studied engineering in Canada. But that was till 2011. He is managing a restaurant back home in Ludhiana that is one among a chain of restaurants his father Inder Pal Singh Chawla owns. This one is special because Harsamrath, who likes to be called \"Sam'', has worked on every single detail of the outlet from design to the upholstery used, colour of paint, food etc.The 23-year-old said he quit his engineering studies after three years of doing it to come home and do what he loved most.\"My parents, relatives and friends were my support system and I had no reason to hesitate in experimenting. Chawla's Chicken in BRS Nagar is entirely my baby. I have looked into every aspect of it,'' he said, adding that he has never once forgotten or compromised on quality. \"My father's chain has been around for many years and I have to live up to the legacy of the quality he has been serving to our customers,'' said Sam, who left no stone unturned to learn the art of gourmet cooking.Putting it philosophically, he said, \"I just don't want to sit behind the counter... I want to get into the kitchen and guide my chefs. A firm base can only withstand a colossal structure.''Excited about expanding and diversifying, Sam said he wants to take the chain abroad. \"My friends who live abroad have asked me to cook their favourite chicken dish and I have never disappointed. My ultimate dream is to reach every household in the city and abroad. I want to try different things within the industry. Someday I won't mind starting a catering service for the Indian Railways,'' he shared.Sam is also passionate about mechanics and the concept of utilizing minimum manpower to get maximum output. \"I don't mind developing a mechanism that minimises manual food processing and focuses on automated machinery,'' he said.When asked what attracted him to the industry, Sam said it was the love and loyalty customers have shown his father. \"I am counting on their trust and want to build a stronger bond with our customers,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056584", "title": "Shakti Aroramay's 'grand' salute!", "text": "Actor Shakti Arora may be a known face on television today having appeared in serials like \"Tere Liye\", \"Agle Janam\" and \"Sanskaar Lakshmi\", but all this still appears like a dream to him.\"Being the grandson of veteran and versatile actor Chandrashekhar, acting was always in my blood. Since childhood, I have attended many parties at his place where all celebrities used to gather. Growing up in that enviornment made me an actor today. But I realized this quite late. I was earlier a shopkeeper, who used to sell refills of pens of 10Rs. I didn't give acting a serious thought. For three good years, I was sitting on my gift articles shop,\" says Shakti during his recent visit to Lucknow. And today Shakti 's grandfather is the happiest to see him making a career in acting. \"I share an amazing bond with my grandfather. And seeing me act, he is the most happiest person on earth right now. He has seen my all shows but didn't follow them because he thought I wasn't doing a good job. He is my biggest critic\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi ", "code": "12055227", "title": "Maria tracks the case for Italians", "text": "KOCHI : For Italian journalist Maria Grazia Coggiola, it has been a hectic week in Kochi. Coggiola, who works for Italy's Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata (ANSA), has been busy compiling reports since February 16, the day Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie was taken into custody following the murder of two Indian fishermen.&#160;She flew down to Kerala from Delhi to report on the shooting case. With the support of local jour nalists, she reached south Karunagappally last Monday to cover the proceedings at the magistrate's residence. The two Italian marines were produced before the magistrate and later remanded to police custody.&#160;\"This has become a major news item in Italy. Italians want to know everything about the incident and what will happen to the two marines.&#160;Italians still believe the naval guards resorted to firing to protect the ship from pirates and they are being harassed by Kerala police for no reason,\" said Coggiola.&#160;She admitted that she was surprised when she saw the protests in front of the magistrate's house against the Italian naval guards. \"I know sentiments are running high here and families are hurt after losing their dear ones in this incident,\" she said. Coggiola added that she will be in Kerala for two more days.&#160;\"It's almost a week since I landed in Kochi and I have made some good friends in the city. I move around with the local journalists and I hope this issue is settled soon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049977", "title": "Shinde 'does not understand' the family raj charge", "text": "PANAJI: Goa, famous for unstable governments ranging from six months to two years, got stability only under the Congress party, which gave the state a place of pride in the country, Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde said on Sunday.Briefing the media along with Congress MPs Shantaram Naik and Francisco Sardinha, Shinde said the Congress in Goa should be given another mandate to complete with more vigour, the pending works it started during its earlier term.When asked to comment on the charge of family Raj against the Congress in Goa, Shinde said he did not understand this charge. He said out of the 12 seats given to family members, almost 8 or 9, were sitting MLAs. If the younger members of these families work their way up, then the people actually welcome it, he said. \"People like the younger generation and the seniors cannot prevent it,\" he said.Earlier at a public meeting in Mandrem, Shinde said that all the tourist states in India will have underground electricity cabling.\"The central government has proposed to replace overhead electricity lines in major tourist states with underground cables and Goa will be given top priority,\" Shinde said, addressing over 2000 people. He added that the state would have electricity through the natural gas pipeline soon.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12049399", "title": "Harassed veteran takes to Gandhigiri", "text": "AMBALA: Taking cue from comedian Jaspal Bhatti in dealing with corrupt babudom, a 66-year-old ex-serviceman has sent a Rs 11,000 cheque to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda as \"reward\" for the officer harassing him.Accusing sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Prem Chand, Barara, of bias in deciding a case of land dispute, Subedar (retd) Laftain Singh, a resident of Sabga village in Ambala district, has written to Hooda, saying, \"From the deputy commissioner to the office of chief minister, my complaints have gone unheard. This clearly reflects the attitude of Haryana government towards its officers as well as common man. If government is justified in ignoring my representations, it can start rewarding such officers. Hence, I have decided to send this money to the chief minister's fund to reward officers involved in harassing common man.''The SDM, however, has called the allegations baseless. \"The case has been transferred from my court. When it was in my court, I did my job in the right perspective and within the ambit of law. I do not want to comment further on the issue,\" he said.The case relates to a property dispute involving Laftain Singh and his brothers since 2009. After initial police inquiry, the matter was sent to the court of SDM, Barara.Accusing the SDM of concealing a copy of the order from him, he said the officer was rude with him and often used indecent language.In December 2011, acting on a representation by Laftain before then deputy commissioner Samir Pal Sarow and minister in-charge of grievances committee Mahender Pratap Singh, the case was shifted to Ambala SDM. \"When the complaint at this level did not yield any result, I sent a representation to CM Hooda on December 2011,\" Laftain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050401", "title": "Auto strike tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Autorickshaws will go off the roads for a day starting at Monday midnight on the demand that the state government allow them to hike fares.Besides seeking a revision of the fare, it has been also demanded that police stop issuing e-challans to autorickshaw drivers, IFTU general secretary V Kiran, said.\"Police are targeting autorickshaws with these e-challans and drivers are made to pay thousands of rupees for trivial violations,\" Kiran added. He also demanded action against those ferrying school children in Maruti Omnis. \"We demand that the state government increase the minimum auto fare from the existing Rs 14 to Rs 20,\" Kiran said. All autorickshaw unions would be participating in the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12050755", "title": "Barkatullah University to launch system for on-line fee payment", "text": "BHOPAL: In an attempt to streamline the payment of fees, Barkatullah University (BU) has decided to launch on-line fee payment system soon facilitating the students to pay all types of fees on-line.Barkatullah University registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari said that a technical committee has been formed to submit a report on introduction of on-line fee payment services.\"A technical committee has been formed and it has been asked to prepare a report on on-line fee payment. The services are expected to be launched soon,\" he added.At present, students have to submit their fee through challan and draft, a time consuming process. On several occasions, it took more than six months for the university to get the money sent through draft in its account.A nationalised bank has signed a memorandum of understanding with the university for launching the on-line fee payment services. The decision to launch on-line fee payment was taken after an alleged fraudulent method of fee collection by a Betul-based college came to light and the university detected it, BU sources said.\"The university found financial discrepancy in the figures of the submitted fee and the fee charged by the college. This forced the authorities to think for an on-line fee payment option,\" sources said.Elaborating advantages of on-line fee payment system, the registrar said that it would help both students and university.\"It will ease the burden of the finance department in accounting the fees submitted by the students. Besides, students will not waste their time in long queues in the banks. It will also give more convenience to students in rural areas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12051318", "title": "Juvenile crimes get grislier in a desensitized world", "text": "MUMBAI: In September 2010, a teenager was arrested by the crime branch after he attacked his mother's paramour with a sickle, strangled him to death with a rope, and then buried the body in the jungle of Aarey Colony. A year later, a 17-year-old collegian confessed to the police that he slit the throat of his grandmother so that he could steal her money and valuables to buy a racing bike.These violent incidents, though still uncommon, are no longer anomalies in the financial capital. Investigators readily say that crimes committed by juveniles are getting grislier. And the perception that kids from financially weak backgrounds alone break the law is more untrue today.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty explains the worrying trend thus: \"There is a belief among kids that money is cool and money means power. They feel the need to spend to feel equal, to feel good and be happy.\" Shetty points out that more and more instances are being reported of girls stealing money in schools-something that was unheard of in the past. \"The root cause is the disparity among families and within families. When the son of a corrupt individual watches his father bring home a suitcase filled with unaccounted cash, he cannot harmonize himself with values like honesty. Not getting money can push him to depression, even make him suicidal. Children equate money with attitude when they watch a neighbour growing richer despite doing an insignificant job.\"Counsellors vehemently warn against allowing children unrestricted internet usage. In June 2007, a 16-year-old boy strangled a nine-year-old neighbour, Parth Panchal, with a nylon rope and hid the body in a cupboard in his Malad (East) house. The 16-year-old was a member of an online community called 'Killer'. \"There is a normalization of violence these days. It's happening all around us and we are no longer affected by it. There's violence in movies, within families and on roads. To a large extent, that is responsible for youngsters thinking that it's normal to be violent,\" says a counsellor.Dr Shetty cites a case where a child was assaulting his father to extract money from him. \"There are many important factors (behind the violence). One among them is contact with peers who approve of violence, another is isolation from the world, and a third is the conspiracy of silence, where other kids are in the know but do not disclose information,\" he says.Assistant police commissioner Jaywant Hargude says: \"Cases of sexual assault committed by juveniles are on the rise, but aren't highlighted as much.\" Last year, a 13-year-old girl was raped by a teen who lived in the same slum in Borivli (West) as her. The girl's family learnt of the crime several months later when she was pregnant and could not opt for an abortion due to the associated health risks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12049933", "title": "Poetic symposium in martyrs\u2019 memory", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A national patriotic poetic symposium would be organized at Katra on March 23 as a mark of respect for the martyrs who gave up their lives for the sake of the country.Many reputed poets would participate in it. Hari Om Pawar of Meerut, Gajendra Singh Solanki, Madan Mohan Samar of Baitul, Lajpat Rai 'Vikat', Manveer Madhur and others are expected to recite their poems.Martyrs Bhagat Singh , Sukhdeo and Rajguru sacrificed their lives on March 23. They were hanged by the Britishers on this day.Convener of the programme Satish Madhyan has convened a meeting on Monday in Tagore Town to make arrangements for the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049258", "title": "No one saw need for renovation", "text": "BANGALORE: The apathy of the BBMP, a continued sense of stability and security among shopkeepers and communication gap between the civic body and vendors seem to have resulted in no plans for modernizing Russell Market.Vendor Pasha Mohammed, 54, told TOI: \"We're not superstitious. But why change something that's been stable for over 40 years? You don't want change when things are set.\"Mushtaq Siddiqui, 53, whose father and grandfather also worked at the market, said: \"It is not a matter of perception. The fact remains there hasn't been a single problem all these years.\"\"Business has been good since my grandfather's time. People were content with the arrangement which has been in place for a long time,\" said 50-year-old Anwar Sadiq.Former mayor P R Ramesh said the onus of change is not on vendors. \"The market is government property. The government has to ensure damage prevention measures. It could charge a maintenance fee but isn't it the owner's responsibility to do the annual maintenance check?\"Ramesh admits corporations have not had a good record in auditing markets. \"Many markets have been set up under old bye laws? But new bye laws have been brought in which provide for new facilities. Have the markets been upgraded in accordance with these laws? Does the pollution control board check every year whether environmentally things are all right in different markets? Do you go and check whether there is a fire extinguisher or sprinkler?\" he asked.\"A provision has been made, rent is taken and infrastructure is forgotten. Only when you talk to vendors do you understand their needs. There is no such culture of engagement,\" he said.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda claimed no stakeholder has been proactive. \"The mood seemed to be one of preserving the status quo. We'd like to change that and look at a proactive policy on markets. We'll look at new steps on how to examine and review markets and not let them suffer in the name of heritage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049458", "title": "NCP-Congress talks inconclusive", "text": "PUNE: The first round of talks between the local leaders of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress held on Saturday to deliberate on the post-poll alliance to form a ruling combination in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) ended in a deadlock.Sources told TOI that Congress leaders expressed their willingness to join hands with the NCP, provided that the NCP offer them the post of mayor and standing committee chairman at least once in the five-year tenure of the civic body. The NCP leadership flatly refused to do so and pointed out that the Congress had won just 28 seats as against NCP's 51 in the February 16 civic elections in Pune.The NCP leadership said that in the outgoing civic body the Congress was offered the post of the standing committee chairman since there was not much difference between the seat strength of the two parties. In the outgoing house of 144 corporators, the NCP has 48 seats while the Congress has 42. \"Your strength has reduced by 14 seats. How can you stake your claim to the key posts of mayor and standing committee chairman?\" an NCP leader questioned the Congress leaders.Sources said the NCP has offered the post of the school board chairman and the post of deputy mayor to Congress. \"We have given our proposals, let us see what happens. The date for the next round of talks is yet to be decided. But another meeting will take place soon,\" Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054515", "title": "Allu Arjun set to debut in K\u2019wood", "text": "The actor may team up with Selvaraghavan later this year for a Tamil projectAfter Rana Daggubati, there is another young Telugu actor who seems to be eyeing Kollywood. The latest buzz we hear is that Tollywood star Allu Arjun, who has done popular films like Arya and Vedam, is now looking at a good launchpad, which should be a Selvaraghavan film that is slated to take off later this year.Apparently, Arjun and Selva are in talks since quite a while to formalize on a possible project that could kickstart later this year. The director and the actor are said to have been discussing scripts, though nothing concrete has come of it as yet. Selva seems to be quite the favourite of the Telugu actors, as he also has a film with Rana in the pipeline, which should take off much later.Rana had earlier told CT, \"Selva and I were to have teamed up earlier but the two of us got busy with other commitments. I definitely would want to work with him soon and we have a script in mind, which could be a trilingual project.\" In all possibility, the Allu Arjun film might take off before Rana's film with the Mayakkam Enna director. Sources hint that the film with Arjun may kickstart towards the end of this year, once the actor and director are finished with their current commitments.When we contacted Arjun's spokesperson, he confirmed that Arjun was in talks with Selva. \"There are discussions but they are still in the nascent stage. Arjun is looking to debut this year in Tamil and in all probability it would be a Selvaraghavan film through which he will enter Kollywood,\" he says. Selva, who is currently not in the country, was unavailable for comment on this development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048712", "title": "Govt extends support for mass wedding at Wadia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The women of Wadia village in Banaskantha - a village where prostitution has been practised openly - who are getting ready to tie the knot at a mass marriage in March, have now got support from the state government. In matter of days, despite fears of the programme being sabotaged by pimps in the village, unprecedented support from various quarters has seen the number of brides grow to 22.The Gujarat government has not only thrown its weight behind the programme, which has angered the pimps, but also decided to provide security for this unique event. Director General of Police, Gujarat, Chittarajan Singh said: \"The women of Wadia have the right to lead a normal life like everybody. We are ready to provide adequate security to ensure that the noble attempt gets a smooth passage. I have asked the superintendent of police of Banaskantha to provide all necessary support. All those who create disturbances at the event shall be taken to task.\" When pimps started threatening the organization's move a police complaint was lodged in Tharad police station of Banaskantha.On March 11, 2012, this village of Banaskantha district will see mass marriages for the first time since Independence. Most of the women of Wadia, which has a population of 750 people, are believed to be involved in prostitution since pre-Independence days. The men of the families often lived off their women's income, pimping clients.In the last three years a voluntary outfit, Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch, has brought in a sea change in the perspective of the womenfolk of Wadia.Secretary of the manch, Mittal Patel said, \"We had written to the chief minister Narendra Modi . He has given assurance in a reply-letter that the State shall take care of the programme. State minister Nitin Patel who is the in-charge minister for Banaskantha will supervise the event and its security.The support-effect has been a confidence booster as, according to the earlier plans, in the first phase 12 women of Wadia were to be married but now the number has jumped to 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049230", "title": "MCD, cops blame each other", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's killer collapse has prompted yet another blame game between the authorities. MCD claims that Delhi Police was informed about the ongoing illegal construction on January 6, 2012, but it failed to stop the work - an allegation that Delhi Police has promptly denied. MCD officials also say a demolition action on the property was planned for February 29.This is the sixth such incident in nearly one-and-a-half years in which close to 87 people, including Sunday's four children, have lost their lives.Following a compliant in January, MCD's South zone had booked a case against D 27 in Chhatarpur Extension for carrying out illegal construction. \"We had informed Delhi Police about the illegal construction. It is the duty of the police to stop the work. We had planned for a demolition action on the property on February 29. We will order an inquiry on Monday,\" said an MCD official with South zone. But Delhi Police said that it had only received a restraint order from the SDM on February 1 that was served to the builder.At D 27, the owner had \"illegally\" constructed second and third storeys. A small portion of the three-foot-high parapet collapsed and fell on the kids. Chhatarpur Extension is an unauthorized colony where new construction has been banned since February 2007.But officials claim the builder mafia is carrying out illegal construction and selling the flats to innocent buyers. \"As MCD can't sanction building plan in this area, no construction work is allowed here. It is important to take action against fresh construction in initial stages. We have asked our building department to crack down on buildings where construction has just started,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12055447", "title": "IOA may decide on London participation under protest: VK Malhotra", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association on Monday indicated that India may take part in the London Olympics under protest after the International Olympic Committee rejected its demand to scrap the controversial Dow Chemicals as one of the sponsors of the mega-event.IOA acting-president Vijay Kumar Malhotra ruled out London Olympics boycott but said the IOA Executive Board meeting on March 2 may decide on participation under protest.\"There is no question of an Olympic Boycott. We may decide on how we can take part under protest,\" Malhotra said when asked about the possibility of India participating under protest.\"The Executive Board meeting on March 2 will decide on this,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of the announcement of dairy giants Amul as official sponsor of India's London Olympics team.The IOA had asked the IOC to scrap Dow Chemicals as one of the sponsors of the London Olympics on the ground that it was associated with Union Carbide whose gas plant leak led to the death of thousands in Bhopal in 1984.The IOC, on its part, recently rejected the IOA's demand, saying Dow Chemicals could not be blamed for the gas leak disaster as it only took over Union Carbide in 2001. The world body had also asked the IOA in three letters sent so far to act against Suresh Kalmadi and reply on the issue by March 1 but Malhotra said the national body would take a decision only on March 2.\"There was no deadline set by IOC. IOA Executive Board is meeting on March 2 to discuss on the letters,\" he said.\"We have replied to all the letters sent by IOC. We have also forwarded to IOC the letter sent to us by Kalmadi that he would not exercise his rights as IOA President,\" he added. \"Kalmadi has not resigned from his post but he has forsaken his rights.Under the IOA Constitution the senior vice-president (Malhotra) can exercise the functions of the IOA chief,\" said Malhotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049012", "title": "Godhra changed Gujarat\u2019s social fabric", "text": "Perhaps no other incident has changed Gujarat's history like the burning of the Sabarmati Express at Godhra on February 27, 2002, has done. It was just another quiet morning in the town until the train arrived full of kar sevaks, resulting in an altercation on the platform and the burning of the S-6 coach which led to the killing of 59 people, mainly kar sevaks returning from Ayodhya. The resulting riots changed Gujarat's social fabric forever.In all, 134 people were accused of the Godhra carnage of which 94 were tried by the sessions court in Godhra. However, even 10 years after the carnage, at least 15 people have still not been arrested and are absconding. As many as 254 witnesses were examined and 268 witnesses dropped.After a long legal battle, on March 1, 2011, a special court gave the death penalty to 11 people and life terms to 20 for burning the S-6coach on that fateful day. This decision of the trial court will be effected only after Gujarat high court confirms it. Calling the Godhra killings \"rarest of rare incidents\", Godhra sessions judge P R Patel had pronounced death by hanging for 11, including key conspirators Abdul Razak Kurkur and Bilal Ismail alias Haji Bilal.Jabir Binyamin Behra, whose confession before the magistrate gave out the whole conspiracy, also got death. The court had earlier let off Maulvi Husain Umarji who, Behra had said, was the mastermind of the train burning plot. The court found all of them guilty of being actively involved in stocking petrol and burning the S-6 coach to kill the kar sevaks. The motive of the murders was \"anger against the kar sevaks\", the court had said earlier while pronouncing the verdict on February 22, 2011.None of the 31 convicts expressed emotion as the sessions judge read out the sentences. Those present in the Sabarmati jail courtroom said there was neither relief on the faces of the 20 who got life imprisonment nor shock. All the convicts had a uniformly stoic expression as the judge read out one name after another.How it all happenedThe Sabarmati Express arrived at 7.43am at the Godhra railway station on February 27, 2002, 4 hours late. Some kar sevaks returning from Ayodhya got down for refreshments and began shouting 'Jai Sri Ram'. In the five-minute halt, there was a fight and kar sevaks beat up a tea vendor, Siddiq Bakkar, and autorickshaw driver Siraj. They beat up another vendor Mohammed Latika because he refused to say 'Jai Sri Ram' with them.One of the kar sevaks tried molesting a Muslim girl, says the charge sheet. Salim Panwala spread the word about the molestation and collected a crowd. Mehbub Latiko joined in and began calling people. Scared, the kar sevaks downed the window shutters and locked the coach doors.The mob threw stones at the train from behind the parcel office and broke many window panes. After sometime, the train started and stopped again. It is not clear whether the three vendors inside the train pulled the chain as the police charge sheet says, or kar sevaks pulled the chain to get in the passengers left behind.Hasan Charkha, Yunus Ghadiyali, Latiko and Jabir Behra rushed to Razak Kurkur's house in Signal Falia to fetch petrol. This group had met at room no 8 of Kurkur's Aman Guest House to plot the attack on S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express.Ramjani Behra, a tea vendor on the platform, brought the petrol in his vehicle to A cabin and with the rest and tried to pour it in from broken windows. Saukat Charkha and Imran Bhatuk who are absconding, went to A cabin where the train stopped. Panwala and Kurkur joined in and first reached S-2 coach. Mehbub Popa, Ghadiyali and others tried to set this coach on fire. Then they went to S-6. Latiko cut open the canvas of the vestibule connecting S-6 and S-7. Latiko forced open the sliding door and got in with Jabir and the petrol cans. Saukat Charkha, Rafiq Bhatuk, Irfan Bhopo and Imran Bhatuk joined them and poured the petrol.Hasan Charka threw a burning rag and set the coach ablaze killing 58 people. One of the passengers died later.Case fileTotal accused - 134Trial against - 94Conviction - 31Death penalty - 11Acquitted - 63Person facing trial - 1Absconders - 15Deceased accused - 6Juvenile accused - 5Charge-sheeted - 19Confessions - 14 (9 under 164, five under Pota)Discharged accused - 13Witnesses examined - 254Witnesses dropped - 268", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12050566", "title": "Yavatmal NCP to drive a hard bargain for Zilla Parishad power", "text": "YAVATMAL: Local leaders of NCP seem to be in a dilemma with regard to the mode of tie-up that seems inevitable owing to the hung house in Yavatmal zilla parishad. However, Congress leaders seem to be busy in reviewing the post poll situation and hopefully looking for a post-poll tie up with NCP in order to retain the zilla parishad hitherto governed by them.NCP chief and union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar recently made public his reservation for the proposal to go for unnatural and policy-less tie-ups with non-secular forces merely for the sake of power. Pawar instructed the state units of his party to seek possibilities of alliance with likeminded parties and discourage unnatural tie-ups suggested by local units.Yavatmal zilla parishad comprising 62 members has to be constituted by March 20 before which the election of chairman and vice-chairman of 16 panchayat samitis will have to be held. The election for the 16 panchayat samitis having a total strength of 124 members and the 62-member zilla parishad was held on February 7 and the results were declared on February 17.Yavatmal zilla parishad was the bastion of Congress since its inception in 1960 and the party continued to keep the post of president with it even after formation of NCP by forging post poll tie-up with them.The recently concluded election result presented an entirely different picture as no party succeeded in getting a workable majority. The Congress emerged as a single largest party with 23 members, but will have to beg for an alliance with its nearest competitor NCP having 21 members or they will have to sit as an opposition. On the other hand, local leaders of NCP have already consolidated the support of Shiv Sena (12), BJP (4), MNS (1) and Independent (1) making a total of 39 and is sure to make the government in the zilla parishad.Sitting MLC Sandip Bajoria of NCP reiterated that they would not go for a tie-up with Congress at any cost. \"We will have our rule in Yavatmal zilla parishad and the president will be of our party,\" Bajoria said who had earlier dubbed Congress as their enemy No 1.Although this runs counter to what his party chief Pawar said, Bajoria said that Pawar had categorically kept four districts, namely, Yavatmal, Chandrapur, Nanded and Osmanabad out of the proposed alliance and the same was left for the local units to decide.\"There will be a meeting of local leaders of Congress and NCP at Mumbai on February 28 to seek the possibility of a post poll tie up between the parties,\" Bajoria said, adding that his party would not relinquish the claim for presidentship at any cost.He further said that the Congress will be represented by district president Wamanrao Kasawar and party observer Ashok Dhawad and NCP will be represented by the Minister Manoharrao Naik, party observer Prakash Dahake, MLC Sandeep Bajoria, district unit president Pravin Deshmukh and Ex MP Uttamrao Patil respectively at the proposed meeting at Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049259", "title": "Parents\u2019 dream snuffed out, shocked mom vows revenge", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a warm Sunday morning and Gaurav, Divya and their two friends sat leisurely in the open space outside their home playing carrom. They laughed and joked in careless abandon till death came crashing down.Gaurav and Divya's father was a caretaker and worked round the clock to make two ends meet. So did Monu's and Nitin's parents. While Monu's father drove an autorickshaw, Nitin's father worked as a DTC driver. All shared a dream - to give their children a good life.After tragedy struck, a pall of gloom descended on D 27 of Chhatarpur Extension. The families were inconsolable. The kids had taken a break from their daily schedule for a game of carrom. Gaurav and Monu studied at the Chhatarpur government school while Gaurav's sister, Divya and Nitin, studied at a private school.Meenakshi, mother of Gaurav and Divya, was shattered. Fighting tears, she said she won't stop till the guilty were brought to book. \"Both hugged me and went to sleep last night. I didn't know that will be the last time,\" she said.There was more shock in store at Safdarjung Hospital. \"Doctors refused to attend to our children. After we pleaded and cried, a doctor checked them and walked away saying they were dead,\" Meenakshi said. Hospital authorities said the children died due to severe head injuries and excessive bleeding and were 'declared dead on arrival'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053189", "title": "Ranveer Singh at The Park, Kolkata", "text": "If Sonakshi Sinha stunned us with her stellar presence at Roxy, The Park, Kolkata a few days back, it was time for her \" Lootera\" co-star Ranveer Singh to surprise us.And boy did he do that in style! Looking dishy in a grey fedora and matching jacket, Ranveer posed with lady fans for photographs just outside Tantra and that's when he noticed us. Before he managed to shoo the paparazzi away, we managed to spot him!Meanwhile, DJ Ital stunned revellers with some thumping beats inside the club.Ranveer Singh was on a whirlwind club-hopping tour of the city on Friday night, it seemed.Bet he needed to relax after a month-long shooting schedule for 'Lootera'. One for the road, Ricky Bahl? Smile puhleez!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050648", "title": "Qawwali singer mesmerizes all", "text": "PATNA: Bachcha Nasim Kausar, a nationally-acclaimed, Bhagalpur-based Qawwali singer, enthralled the audience with his scintillating performance here on Saturday.The divine music wafted through the corridors of Patna high court as Ustad Kausar and his group took the centre stage to regale the audience with sufiana-qawwali rendition - 'Ninad Aab-e-Hayat' - organized by the Takshila Educational Society in collaboration with Delhi Public School on the high court mazar premises.As the evening progressed, the intense tempo and mellifluous renditions of 'Hazrat Ali Manqabat - Hazrat Ali karam' and 'Khwaja Gharib Nawaz ki Manqabat' mesmerized the audience. The ghazal 'Aa dil main tujhe rakh lu...' was enjoyed by all. His performance having the central theme of love, devotion and longing were received with applause by the audience.The universal nature of Sufi philosophy together defined by the group's soulful renditions mesmerized all those present. Earlier talking to TOI, Ustad Kausar said, \"I have been performing for the last three decades; for me music is my life and I relate to God with my music.\"Eminent sarod artiste CL Das was honoured with lifetime achievement award for thel role he had played in preserving Indian heritage and his contribution to Hindustani music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056657", "title": "Imran Khan in Tigmanshu's next", "text": "Tigmanshu Dhulia plans to start his next after the release of the much hyped Paan Singh TomarFilmmaker Tigmanshu Dhulia is gearing up for the release of Paan Singh Tomar and is set to begin his next film, Milan Talkies soon after that. According to a source, the director has signed Imran Khan to play the lead.Tigmanshu plans to start his delayed film Milan Talkies as soon as possible. Milan Talkies is about a small-town North Indian boy who makes duplicates of Bollywood blockbusters. Tigmanshu will start shooting for the movie after the release of Paan Singh Tomar. He is presently scouting for locations.We heard Tigmanshu met Imran and narrated the script to him. The actor is keen on working with Tigmanshu for this film. Apparently, before Imran Khan, Prateik Babbar was considered for the same role.The film will be produced by Balaji Motion Pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12050099", "title": "Stage well set for counting of votes", "text": "KANPUR: The fate of 223 candidates has been locked in 3,116 electronic voting machines. As many as 14 EVMs had gone out of order on the polling day. Thus there are a total of 3,130 EVMs that have been kept in the strong rooms in the polytechnic.The paramilitary forces are guarding the EVMs. The preparations for counting have begun. A total of 10 rooms have been assigned for the EVMs of 10 different Assembly constituencies. Each room will have 15 tables on which EVMs would be kept and opened for counting.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12049902", "title": "Thousands watch as mob tries to lynch \u2018north Indian\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: In a shocking case of xenophobic hysteria and police ineptitude just days after the gunning down of five suspected bank robbers from Bihar and West Bengal , a mob in Pallikaranai on Sunday attempted to lynch a man because they thought he was a 'burglar from north India'.After a group of residents of Balaji Nagar, a slum in Pallikaranai near Velachery, beat Venkat Rao till he lost consciousness, the police let off his assailants and took the victim to Pallikaranai police station. Officers took Rao's fingerprints and let him go when they concluded that he appeared to be mentally challenged.Rao, who appeared to be in his twenties, was later identified as a native of Andhra Pradesh. When residents of Balaji Nagar saw him, he was walking through the locality barechested and wearing only a pair of trousers.When the residents suspected that he was a burglar and started following him, Rao panicked and attempted to run away. He ran into a marsh where around 15 men overpowered him. \"People were shouting 'north Indian' and 'thief ' as they thrashed him. It was a horrible sight,\" said an eyewitness.Nearly 1,000 people, including slum-dwellers and passersby, stood and watched the youth being thrashed. No one stepped forward to stop the attack. Policemen passing by stopped their vehicle but drove away despite noticing the melee in the marsh.\"They were kicking and punching him and he was bleeding. After a few minutes, he lost consciousness,\" a witness said.Police later returned to the spot and took him away.\"Everything happened in 20 minutes. Many people were cheering and laughing and egging on the mob,\" he said.The mob then dragged Rao to the main road, but the police came by again and this time took him away in a van.A resident of Balaji Nagar told TOI that the youth appeared suspicious. \"People from the neighbourhood thought he was planning to commit a theft.\"The police confirmed the attack. \"After the encounter with the bank robbers, people think that all Biharis are burglars. They mistook this man to be from north India and attacked him. He could not even speak properly. We gave him some tea and biscuits and let him go after taking his fingerprints,\" said an officer from the Pallikaranai police station.The police admitted that they did not take any action against the men who beat up Venkat Rao. \"Everything happened because of misunderstanding,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "12049423", "title": "Bhagat fans to take protest route for renaming Chowk", "text": "BARNALA: Their demand for renaming the Shadman Chowk in Lahore after freedom fighter Bhagat Singh have been met with stoic silence by the provincial government so far, but that hasn't dampened the spirits of the martyr's followers in Pakistan. Ahead of Bhagat Singh's martyrdom day on March 23, they have decided to hold a protest at the roundabout, just as they did it last year.Shadman Chowk, then part of the Central Jail, is where Bhagat Singh was hanged on March 23, 1931, along with two others -- Rajguru and Sukhdev.Hundreds of activists had assembled at the roundabout last year, to pay their respects to the martyr of undivided India and Pakistan's evacuee trust authorities had assured to look into their demand. On February 19, a six-kilometer long road from Aroop village to Gujranwala in Pakistan's Punjab was named after late Pritam Singh Bhinder, a first in 64 years, because of the persistent efforts of a provincial assembly member, Shazia Ashfaq. This development has only added to growing clamor for a roundabout named after Bhagat Singh.\"The activists of Institute for Peace and Secular Studies (IPSS), theatre groups and human rights groups have decided to hold a demonstration on March 23. We will not sit back till the martyr is given his due,\" IPSS director and social activist Diep Saeeda told TOI. \"The government has named roads after British viceroys and even heads of states of other countries, but refuses to name a road or roundabout after the martyr who studied in Lahore and worked for equality,\" she added. IPSS is also demanding that Bradley Hall, frequented by Bhagat Singh during his student days, be converted into a museum named after the martyr.Qaisar Abbas, convener of theatre group, Punjab Lok Rahs, said, \"We will stage plays devoted to Bhagat Singh on the auspicious day of March 23.\" Last year, the group had staged 'Chhipan to pehlan' -- based on Bhagat Singh's life.\"We have taken up the matter of renaming it (Chowk) with the authorities a number of times. The government seems least interested in remembering the martyr who fought against British imperialism,\" Diep added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "agra/aligarh/gautam budh nagar", "code": "12049761", "title": "Yamuna Expressway puts politics in fast lane", "text": "AGRA/ALIGARH/GAUTAM BUDH NAGAR: There has been mushrooming of brick kilns along the Agra-Aligarh Khair road. Tractor trolleys loaded with rakes of bricks trundle down the road entire day. The construction boom and the swelling number of brick kilns in western UP has come due to six-lane Yamuna Expressway.The brick kilns dot the roads in villages of Mathura, Aligarh, Gautam Budh Nagar and Bulandshahr. The thriving construction has to do with the enhanced economic status of locals as well as private builders who are rushing to the region because of the Yamuna Expressway.\"It's all inter-linked; expressway has increased the cost of land, which in turn has attracted private builders to the place,\" says Pravin Panchal, pradhan of Tappal village. The 165 km long expressway will run from Agra to Noida. Taking off some 14 km before Agra, it will connect six districts. The expressway might be extended by 20 km on NH-2 till Gwalior Road. There is a railway line and a stretch of the Yamuna river in between. Officers at the camp office (58) don't reveal much on extension. \"It needs acquisition of land,\" said a senior engineer department official.Expressway will reduce the travel time between New Delhi and Agra by over two hours. At the same time, it will bring in urban and industrial development to the region. Some 1,182 villages of Aligarh, Mathura, Mahamayanagar, Bulandshahr, Greater Noida and Agra have been notified by the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA).The project, however, courted controversy over massive land acquisition in the area by YEIDA. When asked about the opening or extension of the expressway, engineers at the site said they are waiting for instructions from the management. Work, however, is on in full swing in the six districts where expressway runs along. Currently, approach roads, underpasses and crossings are being constructed. Once it becomes functional, Yamuna Expressway will bring more development to the region due to better connectivity between the districts, and with New Delhi.\"Brass industry which has taken off in a big way in the last seven to eight years will grow further with better connectivity,\" says Ramesh Arora, secretary, All India Lock Manufacturers' Association, Aligarh.In Tappal, the village which hit headlines for farmers' agitation in August 2010, land prices have touched a new high. Even an `usar' land is selling for at least Rs 20 lakh per bigha. A marshy land, which was lying vacant till some time back, has found buyers in Tappal now. \"People are investing in land,\" says Panchal. Lot of people from neighbouring districts, including Lucknow, are buying land in these villages.\"With expressway being constructed, there is lot of potential for growth here. In future, industries, hotels and may be educational institutions will come up along it, making the land more valuable in the region,\" says Arunodaya Bajpai, who teaches political science in Agra College.Farmers, in Aligarh and Gautam Budh Nagar, most of whom don't even know what an expressway means, say they never opposed when the government took away their land for building a \"road\". \"We knew it will bring development to the village, as roads always connect and make movement easy,\" says a farmer in Zikarpur village of Aligarh, which witnessed violence and blood over land acquisition in August 2010. \"We never said we will not give our land for the expressway. We are against things which are not of public utility like townships,\" says Hardutt, a farmer in another affected village, Jahangarh. The farmers of at least 100-odd villages in the affected districts took to agitation when the government started acquiring land, invoking the urgency clause of the Land Acquisition Act, and started selling it to private builders for erecting townships. Though farmers have still not given up the fight, they know they can't sustain it for long. And in that case, it's the substantial amount of compensation that most of them are fighting for, making it, more of a fight over `money' than the fight for land. \"Farmers are not averse to parting with their land, provided they get good money,\" says Sudhir Panwar, president, Kisan Jagriti Manch. On the other hand, economy of villages where farmers have got the compensation has changed slightly.At least 70% of agitating farmers have taken compensation. No wonder, whichever of the affected villages, one visits, it's not difficult to see several houses being either constructed or renovated. \"Most of the farmers bought land and got houses constructed from the compensation money,\" says Ravinder Singh Malik, a farmer in Parsaul village of Gautam Budh Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12051281", "title": "CMC doctor killed in accident, 2 others hurt", "text": "LUDHIANA: A female doctor of Christian Medical Hospital and College (CMCH) was killed while her friends , a medical intern and an alumni of the same institute, were seriously injured in an accident on Saturday night. The accident happened near Sandhor village of Sangrur district when the three were on their way back from a function. The car they were travelling in slipped off the road into a trench and hit a tree.The deceased was identified as Dr Ashima Naru, 24, who belongs to Himachal Pradesh. The injured are Jalandhar-resident Ashish Kumar, 23, an intern at CMCH and Amrinder Pal Singh of Amritsar, a doctor who has studied from the same college and is practising in Sandhor.SHO of Sandhor, Randhir Singh said the accident occurred around 12.30am at a turn to Kalyan village. \"Amrinder, who was driving the car, lost control. The vehicle slipped into a deep trench and later hit a tree,'' he said, adding that when they found them, Amrinder was semi-conscious.Randhir said Ashima succumbed to her injuries on the way to Ludhiana. \"The post-mortem examination will be done in Ludhiana civil hospital,'' he added. The SHO said Ashish is in the intensive care unit.According to medical superintendent of CMCH Dr Kamal Masih the three were returning from a function when the incident happened. He said the deceased was staying in a hostel at CMCH and had told the warden that she is on call duty since leaving the hostel overnight for attending functions is prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12057146", "title": "Saswati Sen credits her success to art maestros", "text": "43 years is a long time, isn't it? Well, that's precisely the number of years Saswati Sen has been learning Kathak under Pandit Birju Maharaj, which makes her one of his most favorite disciples!Says Sen, who was in Vadodara for a performance, \"I just salute the greatness of this man, whose humility and easygoing nature sometimes makes people underestimate his greatness. He just focuses on doing his work and giving back to the art form (Kathak), and remains unfazed by whatever is happening around him.\"Today, Sen is a household name in Kathak. But much before all that, one of the greatest moments of her life came during her college days. She was noticed by legendary film director Satyajit Ray during one of her performances, who decided to have her dance in his film Shatranj Ke Khilari.Sen fondly remembers, \"I wasn't even professionally into Kathak back then and used to go to Panditji's (Birju Maharaj) classes in evening. Initially, they found it difficult to locate which girl he was talking about and when they did, they told him that I wasn't into Kathak professionally. But Satyajit dada insisted on having me for this dance. I wasn't sure how my family would react. So, he came with me to our house to convince my parents. When it was okayed, he asked me not to be conscious of the camera and dance the way I wanted to. We formed a wonderful bond, and it remained intact till he passed away. Even during his last days, when he wasn't keeping well at all, Satyajit dada's face would just light up whenever he saw me. I am blessed to have worked with these legends, for whom I am here today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051342", "title": "Godhra: How it all happened", "text": "The Sabarmati Express arrived at 7.43 am at the Godhra railway station on February 27, 2002, 4 hours late. Some kar sevaks returning from Ayodhya got down for refreshments and began shouting 'Jai Sri Ram'. In the halt, there was a fight and kar sevaks beat up a tea vendor, Siddiq Bakkar, and autorickshaw driver Siraj.One of the kar sevaks tried molesting a Muslim girl, says the charge sheet. Salim Panwala spread the word about the molestation and collected a crowd. Mehbub Latiko joined in and began calling people. Scared, the kar sevaks downed the window shutters and locked the coach doors.The mob threw stones at the train. After sometime, the train started and stopped again. It is not clear whether the three vendors inside the train pulled the chain as the police charge sheet says, or kar sevaks pulled the chain to get in the passengers left behind.Hasan Charkha, Yunus Ghadiyali , Latiko and Jabir Behra rushed to Razak Kurkur's house in Signal Falia to fetch petrol. This group had met at room no 8 of Kurkur's Aman Guest House to plot the attack on S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express .Ramjani Behra, a tea vendor, brought the petrol in his vehicle to A cabin and with the rest and tried to pour it in from broken windows. Saukat Charkha and Imran Bhatuk who are absconding, went to A cabin where the train stopped. Panwala and Kurkur joined in and first reached S-2 coach. Mehbub Popa, Ghadiyali and others tried to set this coach on fire. Latiko cut open the canvas of the vestibule connecting S-6 and S-7 . Latiko forced open the sliding door and got in with Jabir and the petrol cans. Saukat Charkha, Rafiq Bhatuk, Irfan Bhopo and Imran Bhatuk joined them and poured the petrol. Hasan Charka threw a burning rag and set the coach ablaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048842", "title": "Punished DAIICT student approaches human rights panel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After being punished allegedly by his institute, a student of Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DAIICT) has knocked the doors of Gujarat State Human Rights Commission (GSHRC). Krishna Teja, who completed his Master of Technology (M Tech) from DAIICT in 2011, has filed a complaint alleging that the institute has punished him on false charges and put him through mental harassments.Teja, who was studying in M Tech at DAIICT and serving as a teaching assistant in the institute, was discharged of his duties and suspended from the institute's hostel. This punitive action was initiated after the women's cell of DAIICT received separate complaints against him from four girl students in April 2010.The girls complained that Teja used his teaching position to harass them in different ways. One of the girls alleged that Teja, after becoming a teaching assistant, was giving her lesser grades because she had spurned his proposal of becoming his girlfriend two years back. Another girl complained that Teja harassed her over phone. The third girl alleged that Teja had nicknamed her as 'Sita,' while the fourth girl complained that Teja was unfair in his work.\"The institute didn't give me any chance to explain and prove my innocence. In fact, when I tried to contact the chairperson of the DAIICT women's cell through emails, she complained to the institute alleging that I was harassing her,\" said Teja who has approached the GSHRC.\"After my attempts to explain myself went in vain, I approached the Gandhinagar Police and GSHRC to seek justice. When the institute learnt that I have complained about the matter to GSHRC, they extended my suspension of the hostel till the end of my course. I felt severely harassed and depressed, but managed to complete my course.\"Teja claimed that the four girls conspired to complain against him as he had helped his hostel warden to take action against several students for drinking and creating nuisance in the hostel, resulting in suspension of seven boys and a girl from the hostel.A faculty who was in the enquiry committee said, \"When we confronted Teja with the charges, he had confessed to all the allegations. As a teaching assistant there is a certain degree of distance that has to be maintained with the students. That's why we took the punitive measures.\"When TOI contacted DAIICT director S C Sahasrabudhe, he said, \"It seems that Teja had some mental problem and was advised to get counseling from psychiatrists. He has become obsessed with the issue. He should move on and get a good job for himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056746", "title": "Rajamouli feels Nithya must 'mind her weight'", "text": "Tollywood screenwriter and film maker SS Rajamouli who has given superhits like \"Simhadri\", \"Chatrapati\", Ram Charan Tej-starrer \" Magadheera\" etc, is in the midst of a controversy that is fast snowballing, following his tweet about actress Nithya Menen in her flick, \" Ishq\".Tweeting his take on the film, he posted, \" PC sriram. A cinematographer who can pull a sec of audience thru his visuals. Hats off sir. nitya menon. i love her performance.completely\" wherein he praised the actress's performance.But his next tweet had him hoping the actress doesn't put on more weight! He tweeted, \"Natural.hope she minds her weight a bit. And congrats nitin.your persistence paid off.\"News about the tweet spread like wildfire for the wrong reasons within hours and one has to wait and watch what Nithya Menen has to say about the filmmaker's tweet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049804", "title": "BJP tries to control damage from Varun\u2019s motormouth", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after BJP's Pilibhit MP Varun Gandhi stirred a hornet's nest claiming to a TV channel that his party had as many as 55 chief ministerial candidates and Samajwadi Party would be the \"biggest gainer'', BJP bigwigs began pulling all the tricks out of their hats to control the damage.BJP spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, \"Varun's comments have been misconstrued. He did not mean 55 CM candidates. What he meant was there are over 55,000 CM candidates in this party - the entire strength of the BJP cadre, where every person is capable of becoming the CM.''The attempt was not just to draw attention away from BJP's leader-less politics in UP. Naqvi also said that the party's decision to not name a CM was planned. \"There is a different strategy for every state. For UP polls, we have decided to adopt this strategy. Within the party, though, there is no confusion over who will be CM,'' Naqvi added. Naqvi, who has planned the BJP's UP campaign, pledged that an \"appropriate'' candidate would be announced within 10 minutes of election results.On being contacted, Varun said, \"I was only responding to a question about the lack of leadership within the Congress at the state level. That's when I said that in the BJP, we are spoilt for choices, with as many as 55 contenders for the top job. I cannot imagine why this should become controversial.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12050670", "title": "Magadh University VC gets bribe offer of Rs 70 lakh", "text": "GAYA: Officiating VC of Magadh University (MU) Arun Kumar on Sunday claimed that a private educational institution had offered him a bribe of Rs 70 lakh to grant recognition to a professional course.\"The offer was made at my residence,\" the VC said at the MU senate meeting held here on Sunday. The stunned members asked the VC to lodge an FIR against the person who made the bribe offer. \"I have informed the police,\" the VC said.City SP Satyavir Singh said he had no information about any such complaint made by the VC. \"I would get the facts ascertained from the MU police station,\" he added.The SP, however, later said that the police station concerned did not have any information in this regard. Efforts to contact the officiating VC proved futile as he kept his cellphone switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056669", "title": "Reliance DreamWorks film bags an Oscar", "text": "The glittering 84th Academy Awards held at Kodak Theatre, Los Angeles saw history in the making.It was the first time in the history of Oscars that an Indian holding film production company won an Oscar.Reliance DreamWorks, a joint venture between Anil Ambani and renowned Hollywood director-producer Steven Spielberg and Stacey Snider , that bagged 11 Oscar nominations, went on to win an Oscar for Octavia Spencer's performance that won her the Best Supporting Actress award for her role in \" The Help\".\"The Help\" directed by debutant director Tate Taylor was nominated across four categories including Best Picture (Brunson Green, Chris Columbus and Michael Barnathan - Producers), Actress in Leading Role ( Viola Davis ), Actress in Supporting Role (Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain ).Anil Ambani attended the ceremony that is billed as the apogee of cinematic glory, along with his Reliance DreamWorks partners Steven Spielberg and Stacey Snider.\"The Help\" released in the US on August 12, 2011 and in India on November 25, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12050666", "title": "Keeping date with history", "text": "NEW DELHI: Akshita Sethi's interest in history goes beyond studying for the Board exam ; she wants to make a career out of it. With the history exam scheduled for March 14, she is dedicating two to three hours , and at times , even fours to the subject every day .\"Revision and detailed study have become even more important in light of change in the question paper pattern , and we will have to write more now . Fortunately , our history teacher has been concentrating on the new pattern all through the year , and I'm confident of doing well,\" says Akshita , a student of Ahlcon International School , Mayur Vihar , Phase I.She is focusing on the scoring topics as well as long questions , which will carry more marks . \"My strategy is to focus on Section E, which is map work , as it carries 10 marks . The other section I'm laying stress on is Section D, which is social history and carries 24 marks . These I feel are the most scoring sections . Another area that needs close attention is Section C, which is a 10-mark question and has a word limit of 500 words ,\" she says .Unlike many students who study the subject on alternate days , Akshita doesn't want any discontinuity in her preparation . \"Studying regularly boosts my confidence and helps me do as much revision as possible in these last days . I'm stressing revision , and solving previous years' question papers at this point ,\" she says .She feels having an understanding of one's history is important , and likes the part on the freedom struggle most in her syllabus .\"Knowing the past is important for analyzing the present ,\" says Akshita . Saying she has followed a systematic approach towards preparation throughout the year , Akshita adds , \"Our teacher has taught us all the important topics and covered the syllabus well in time , leaving enough time for revision . I hope to benefit from this and have a target of at least 90 % in the final exam .\"For Akshita it is important to plan your day in a way that there is enough time for breaks , so that it doesn't become stressful . \"I never study the entire day without taking breaks . I make sure I get up fresh , take my breakfast , and then sit down to study ,\" she signs off.Guru gyanShuchi Bajaj | PGT history | Springdales School, Pusa oadTips for class XII historyAt this point, students need to organize themselves and get a clear idea of the topics that need attention. Work on the weak areas in the remaining days before the examStudy systematically considering there are three books of history. The number of marks allotted to each book and the weightage of each chapter is clear. Devote time to each chapter according to its importance. While the first book on ancient India carries 25 marks, second and third books on medieval period and modern India carry 30 and 35 marks respectivelyBe calm while writing your paper. Only 20% paper is designed to be difficult. About 50% paper is for average students, while 30% is easyTwo-mark questions in the paper should be done in not more than 10 minutes. You can also leave them for doing in the endDo the map question first. It carries 10 marks. If you get done with it, 10% of your work will be doneStudy the maps while preparing the chapters. Different historic events to be marked on the map will make better sense that way. Shade the regions properly; simply mark the city if that is what has been asked in the map questionTake a maximum of an hour and 10 minutes to do the eight five-mark questions. Put down all that you know in the answer and do not miss out on any important points mentioned in the book. Always remember that examiners do look through the answers carefully. Also underline the main pointsThere are a total of 18 questions in the paper. Attempt all of them. The two ten-mark questions have internal choices too. Gone are the days when you could not score high in history. There are many open-ended questions. Try and score better therePresentation is very important. Write your answers legibly, leave a line between two points and do not forget to underline", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12049138", "title": "Mastermind monitoring crime from the jail", "text": "AJMER: Sentenced for life in a murder case, prisoner Atish Garg managed his gang from the Ajmer Central Jail. As if this was not enough, he was also instructing his accomplices outside on how to go about the murder. The network was revealed by Jaipur police who on Sunday evening took Atish on production warrant in the recent incident in Jaipur where businessman Harmanu Singh was shot at. Police also recovered dual SIM mobile phone from Atish which was seized by the jail authorities.Yogesh Goyal, additional deputy commissioner of police went to the Central Jail with production warrant to arrest Atish in Harmanu Singh's case. Atish was allegedly monitoring the incident from his mobile inside Ajmer Central Jail.While investigating the case, Jaipur police received information that Atish was using his mobile and sending directions to the shooters from Ajmer Central Jail. \"We informed the jail administration in Ajmer and when they seized his mobile, it was burnt,\" said officials. \"We have arrested Atish u/s 120B for conspiracy to murder a businessman,\" added officials from Jaipur.Sources said that two other accomplices arrested by Jaipur police in Harmanu Singh's case admitted that Rs 6 lakh had been sent to them from Ajmer Central Jail. Police then traced the number to Aimer jail and found Atish as the main conspirator.Meanwhile, the deputy inspector general (jail) Nisar Ahmed came to Ajmer and inspected the jail for about five hours. He said, \"We do not have CCTVs and other gadgets to monitor crimes.\" He also admitted that they do not have resources to control the networking of crime from the jails. Ahmed added they are recruiting people for 700 posts in jails soon.Just two days ago, the designated anti-corruption court here had passed a stricture accepting organization of crime network from the jail while sentencing former jailor Jagmohan in a bribe case. \"The name of the jail should be changed from central jail to central conspiracy inn. Seizure of mobiles and arms is common, it is highlighted in newspaper. Criminals are running their network from jail and planning murders,\" said Justice Kamal Kumar Bagri in his judgment. The court also commented that it is not possible to sneak in mobiles in jails without officials' knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053757", "title": "Movie posters revolution in Mollywood", "text": "Malayalam films are going through a phase of revival. New filmmakers, creative ideas and fresh talent has brought about some sort of courage to experiment and do something out of the ordinary. And the changes start right before the beginning.Of late, film units begin the process of filmmaking by investing on creating the right look for the film. Remember the stylish pre-shoot posters of Amal Neerad's Big B and the more recent Bachelor Party?\"Mollywood has always had great poster designers. But a lot of experimentation and photo manipulation is taking place of late,\" says designer Sreejith. \"The market is changing. The audience is different, the taste is different,\" he observes. It also attributes the positive change to the influence of the internet.Earlier, designers were just required to cut and paste stills from the movie and put them up in a new format to create a poster. However, new age directors in Mollywood seem to be going an extra mile - even if it means organising an exclusive shoot only to put across the look.\"In fact, it was Amal who brought such a change to Mollywood. It was his Mammootty starrer Big B that paved the way for such change,\" observes Anwar Rasheed, director. \"Earlier, the audience walked into the theatre to watch their favourite stars in action. But now, people are compelled to walk in just by looking at a classily designed film poster,\" he adds.However, Sreejith says, \"A good design does not ensure the film its success.\" Designer Ajay Menon agrees. \"While content is what really matters, posters do play a crucial role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049715", "title": "Film producer held for murder", "text": "MUMBAI: A 'film producer' in Lokhandwala has been arrested for brutally murdering a terminally ill woman. A driver and the victim's teenaged daughter, who had been adopted by the producer a year ago, have also been held for destruction of evidence. Police officials said the producer, Krishnanshu Sharma, was fed up with the woman's escalating monetary demands and stabbed her in a fit of rage on Wednesday.The body of Sunita Bahadur Singh was found dumped behind a container cabin in the Siddharth Nagar slums at Versova on Saturday.Police said Sunita, a Nepali national, was a divorcee. She used to stay at Malwani with her 14-year-old daughter. Last year, she got acquainted with Sharma. He offered her a rented flat in a Mhada building in Goregaon as she had contracted AIDS.A native of West Bengal, Sharma owns two plush flats at Lokhandwala-one at Neptune Towers where he stayed with his wife and another at Mohit Heights which he had converted into his office. He would conduct 'screen tests' for aspiring film artistes here. Police sources claimed he also ran a prostitution/escort service from the office.A conversation with the ambulance driver led the police to Sharma, as he had phoned the same driver on Friday to transport the corpse, but later changed his mind.Sharma has seven past criminal cases registered against him, including two offences of human trafficking.Sharma also claims to have adopted Sunita's daughter although he has not produced papers to prove it yet, police said.\"As Sunita's health worsened, she requested Sharma to let her move into his Mohit Heights flat, and was staying there alone for the past month. Her daughter, who stayed with Sharma and his wife, visited her often and looked after her,\" a police official said, adding that Sharma took care of Sunita's huge medical bills. Officials believe Sunita used to demand money from Sharma often and this led to arguments between them.After one such quarrel last Wednesday, Sharma stabbed Sunita thrice in her stomach with a knife. He left her to die in the flat and locked the door. But a few days later, Sharma was worried that the stench of the decomposed body would alert neighbours. Early on Saturday, he went back to the Mohit Heights flat with his chauffeur, Ashish Pandey, and Sunita's daughter. He told the teenaged girl, who had last met Sunita on Wednesday, that she had died of natural causes. The trio wrapped the bloated dead body in a bedsheet and a towel, which had the name of a Mahabaleshwar-based hotel printed on it. They then loaded the body into a Tata Safari owned by Sharma. On his instructions, Pandey drove the SUV to the Siddharth Nagar slum where they dumped the body around 5am.Around 1pm the same day, the police were alerted about the body by passersby. They summoned an ambulance driver to rush the body to the Cooper Hospital. \"During a casual conversation, the ambulance driver recollected that he had received a phone call on Friday from someone who wanted to ferry a woman's body to the crematorium. The driver was perturbed when the caller told him that the woman had died two days ago. He asked the caller to intimate the police or procure a medical certificate from a hospital first. The caller never phoned him again,\" a police official said. On a hunch, the cops decided to trace the caller. They contacted cellphone service providers and traced the caller's house to Neptune Tower in Lokhandwala. The caller turned out to be Sharma. While he was being interrogated, the cops learned that he had another flat at Mohit Heights. The watchman confirmed that he had seen Sharma, his chauffeur and a teenaged girl carry something to their car and leave in the wee hours. Sharma's wife, Ramadurga, also told the cops that her husband had mentioned to her about \"freeing Sunita of her problems permanently\". Sharma was taken into custody on Saturday, while his driver and Sunita's daughter were held on Sunday.\"Sharma's past crime record includes offences of rash driving, criminal trespass, encroachment and two trafficking offences. We are probing whether he intended to push Sunita's daughter into the flesh trade,\" an official said. Officials are also verifying reports that Sunita used to be a part of the flesh trade in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12051142", "title": "Ghaziabad poll cauldron: Civic issues dominate", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Issues like electricity and water supply, both for irrigation and drinking, and caste considerations are going to have a bearing on the outcome of elections in the four major constituencies in Ghaziabad district. While the main political parties have fielded candidates for Tuesday's polls with the caste factor in mind, voters feel these calculations will work only in the rural areas as the urban electorate is more likely to vote for development.BJP is almost certain of emerging triumphant the Sahibabad assembly constituency, whereas Ajit Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) holds the pole position in the Loni area. In Muradabad and Ghaziabad, a tough fight is expected. Locals said the Congress is expected to gain from its alliance with the RLD in the two constituencies.Sahibabad, the closest assembly seat to Delhi, has two major blocks of voters- urban electorate and those from unauthorized colonies. The Khoda colony alone has at least two lakh voters, and experts say this region will be the deciding factor. BJP has fielded incumbent MLA Sunil Kumar Sharma for this constituency, considering the predominance of voters from urban areas, including Indirapuram. Locals said Sharma had a strong appeal in Khoda. BSP's Amarpal Sharma is likely to the BJP a tough fight.\"Our poll plank is improvement of infrastructure and standard of living. Caste and religion will play a role, but people want better facilities. There is a huge percentage of migrant voters. The will play a crucial role in deciding the fate of candidates,\" said Virendra Poshwal, a Khoda resident. Issues like augmenting of sewage system, water supply and removal of encroachments are issues that find resonance with urban voters.In Ghaziabad, parties are trying to woo baniyas and brahmins to tilt the balance in their favour. That's why the BSP, BJP and Congress have fielded baniya candidates, and SP has gone for a brahmin considering 30% of the voters are from this caste. While the BJP and the Congress are strong contenders in this constituency, BSP's Suresh Bansal could spring a surprise. The blue party has a good support base in the urban clusters of Pratap Vihar and Vijay Nagar. Locals said no one is hazarding a risk as to who will prevail among the four main political parties.It's no different in Muradnagar where Congress has fielded a former two-time MLA Surendra Kumar Munni, and SP has put the six-time MLA Rajpal Tyagi, who was dumped by Mayawati before the polls. This constituency has both urban areas and villages.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053484", "title": "Meet Samsung's projector smartphone, Galaxy Beam", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has announced an updated version of Galaxy Beam smartphone at the ongoing Mobile World Congress (MWC) show in Barcelona , Spain.The Android-powered device comes with a built-in projector. At 12.5mm in thickness, Galaxy Beam packs a 15 lumens projector which can project video, images or PowerPoint presentations up to 50-inches wide.The resolution of projected video is reportedly 640-by-360 pixels. Sporting a 4-inch WVGA TFT LCD display with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels, Galaxy Beam will run on Android 2.3 Gingerbread. The phone can be upgraded to Android 4.0 ( Ice Cream Sandwich).Powered by a 1GHz dual-core processor, the projector phone packs a 5 megapixel rear camera with LED flash, 1.3 megapixel front camera for video calls and has 786MB RAMalong with 8GB of internal memory as well as a microSD slot.For connectivity, Galaxy Beam will offer support for 3G, EDGE/GPRS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 3.0+ HS and 3.5 mm headphone jack. The original Galaxy Beam featured a 3.7-inch display and ran Android 2.1.The world's largest mobile show MWC starts today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050122", "title": "Silver ornaments weighing 265 kg recovered", "text": "VARANASI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Sunday caught four persons who were trying to go out of Cantonment railway station with 269 kg of silver ornaments. Kamleshwar Singh of RPF said that when New Farakka Express reached Varanasi from Delhi, the RPF cops noticed the activities of four persons travelling in AC-III compartment as suspicious. When their bags were checked, 269 kg of silver ornaments were found.The arrested persons were Om Prakash of Ghazipur, Shailendra, Pawan and Sunil of Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051340", "title": "Cold winds delay summer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rise in temperature has been a relief for residents but the cool winds haven't left the Tricity yet. According to the weather experts, the wind blowing in the North West and the low temperature in Himachal Pradesh are the reason behind this cold breeze.Chandigarh meteorological department director Surinder Paul said the cold wind will continue to hinder the arrival of summers for another two days. He said the sky would remain cloudy with dryness in the air.\"Weather will remain windy on Monday and Tuesday, but the temperature is expected to increase,\" added Paul.\"This is the best weather to be enjoy outdoors as it is neither too cold nor hot,\" said Sector 15 resident Ritika Sharma. But, for Sector 35 resident Divya Chauhan the weather is a bit confusing. \"It's clear and sunny, but windy as well. So, I get confused if I should wear warm clothes or not,\" she said.\"My children have fallen sick due to the difference in day and night temperatures,\" said Sharda Rajput, a Sector 35 resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050299", "title": "Training for future cricket umpires", "text": "HYDERABAD: A career in cricket umpiring for the Old City youth? Yes, it is now well within their reach. Thanks to the initiative of the City College Old Boys Association (CCOB) that produced state and Ranji level cricketers of repute, a training programme in umpiring and score keeping would start on March 5 at Quli Qutub Shah Stadium near high court.Mohammed Farooq, secretary of the 55-year-old CCOB, said that the training program for these avocations comprises a series of seminars over a period of ten days. \"The seminars are given by reputed umpires. We would hold two to four seminars in Quli Qutb Shah Stadium and the remaining sessions will be conducted at Gymkhana grounds,\" he explained. The coaching is free.At the end of the programme the trainees would be examined before they are absorbed by Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA) where they will train with seasoned umpires. \"If the trainees do not get selected by the HCA, then will we use their services in tournaments that are conducted by CCOB regularly,\" he said. Farooq believed that the initiative can help constructively channel the energies of the Old City youth. He said, \"For training as an umpire or score keeper, the only requirement is physical fitness and good eyesight, besides fundamental English reading and writing skills.\" He also pointed out that a career in umpiring can fetch some decent money. Umpires are paid Rs 700 per day by the HCA while a scorekeeper is paid Rs 400.Last year the association trained 30 aspirants of which five are working with the HCA. Interested individuals can register at the CCOB office in Quli Qutub Shah Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054280", "title": "JP Dutta is upset with Muzammil", "text": "The Dutta family is upset over stories of Border 2 appearing in the media especially at this point of time when they are going through tough times.A source said, \"JP Dutta still has not got over the shock of having lost his dear father OP Dutta. Hardly any days have passed and he reads about Muzammil talking about Border 2. There are several actors who personally offered condolences but nobody has spoken to the media.Is this the right time to talk about a film especially when the family is still experiencing a sad time. They are upset with Muzammil talking about the film in the media. They feel that it was highly insensitive of the actor to even entertain queries and captilise on something like this. The Dutta family is mighty put off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051375", "title": "Dental college fest leaves them all smiles", "text": "Students and faculty of Christian Dental College and Hospital (CDCH) rocked the stage with their dancing skills at a dance night of 'Calypso', the annual sports , literary and cultural festival on Saturday evening. They rocked and rolled and made everyone dance on the peppy numbers. Mebin Mathew and Rashmi Ann, organizers of the function said, \"We have two categories in the dance competitions, one is eastern and the other is western. In the eastern and western categories, we have sub-categories of solo, duet and group dance performances. The function is unique in the sense that besides five batches of five years of the bachelors in dental sciences, which include even the interns, faculty members also perform on various dance numbers.\"Ishita, student of BDS-III, who along with her classmates Arpana, Punika, Sheeba and Shannon performed on the medley, said, \"We performed on a medley of songs, including \"Is you is or Is You it\", \"One\" and \"Mambo Number five\". The audience was so impressed by our performance that they too started dancing. It feels great to receive such response to your dance performance.\"It took them 15 days to prepare for the event. Another dance lover, Dr Manmeet Kukreja, pursuing PG in prosthodontics, who along with Dr Elbin, who is doing PG in pedodontics, danced on the famous Bollywood number \"Senorita\" said, \"Audience loved the coordination between me and Elbin, as we danced on the song. It took us 10 days of practice before we hit the stage. In the end, it was worth sweating it out. We managed to make the audience dance during our 3.5 minutes of performance.\"Brown road area resident, Preeti Nayar, an MBBS 3rd year student of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) who had specially come to see the dance programme said, \"I liked the dance performances of the students and faculty on the numbers, including \"Senorita\", \"Chamak Challo\", \" Kolaveri Di \", 'Bounce\", \"Loose your self\" and \"Thriller\". I enjoyed the whole dance show. In fact most of the audience was dancing during the performances of the students and faculty.\"Dr Abi M Thomas, principal of CDCH said, \"It was heartening to see the response of the audience for the programme. We along with students and facult y had put in lot of efforts in organizing the event.\"ResultsEastern solo: 1) Dr Elza and Centina; 2) Dr AbipshaEastern Duet: 1) Ebin and Gloria; 2) Abipsha and JoncyEastern Group: 1) Sonakshi and group; 2) Centina and groupWestern solo: 1) NainaWestern duet: 2) Naina and SharinGroup: Interns (Alex and group)1st: Interns (Amit William and group)Overall champions: Staff followed by Interns (Dunamis) and 3rd years (Zephyrs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12049493", "title": "Panchayat makes teacher tender public apology", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Acting on the directions of five village panchayats, a government school teacher tendered a public apology on Sunday, for provoking class XI students to thrash a colleague. The clash took place in Government Senior Secondary School, Ismailabad, on Saturday, when students beat up English teacher Rajender Kumar for having differences with their PTI teacher Krishan Kumar.Krishan, a Gohana resident, and seven students, who had thrashed the English teacher, did not only apologize but also agreed for shift to another school. While the teacher said he would take a transfer within a week, the students agreed to shift school in the next session.The PTI's involvement was revealed when Rajender lodged a complaint with police and the education department. Since the incident involved children from villages of Janhedi, Tabra and Kalawar and Ismailabad, the panchayats got together to sort out the issue. A meeting chaired by Ismailabad sarpanch Anju Kansal decided to provide relief to the aggrieved teacher and punish the wrongdoers.\"We had two questions. How could a teacher teach students who had assaulted him? Secondly, how could we allow the teacher who was responsible for all this to continue? At the same time, we wanted to sort out the issue for once and all, hence we decided on this. The parents of errant students as well as the PTI teacher have accepted the decision,'' said Kansal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12050973", "title": "Four fire officials suspended for mock drill death", "text": "BANGALORE: Two days after 23-year-old Nalini Ramakrishna fell to her death during a mock safety drill in her Yeshwantpur factory, the department of fire and emergency services on Sunday suspended four of its officers for the tragedy.Director-general (fire and emergency services) AR Infant suspended the four - Devaraju, station fire officer, Peenya; K Narayanaswamy, district fire officer, Hebbal; Nizar Ahmed, station fire officer , High Grounds; and Mariyanna , station fire officer, Yeshwantpur - who were directing the exercise. No action has been taken against chief fire officer (west) NU Eerappa , who was overseeing the mock fire drill.Infant said a chief fire officer from Mangalore has started an internal inquiry which might take a few weeks to complete . If more officers are found guilty, they will also be punished, he said. The RMC Yard police are yet to make arrests in the case as investigations are still on.Nalini's employers, Bombay Rayon Fashion, have announced a Rs 5-lakh compensation , and the Karnataka government Rs 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050374", "title": "Supreme Court for policy to save sandalwood trees", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court has directed states to immediately close down all unlicensed sandalwood oil factories still functioning and take effective measures for proper supervision of licensed ones. It has also asked the Centre to come out with a policy to save sandalwood trees.The apex court judgment on February 13 in T N Godavarman Thirumulpad vs Union of India and others' was concerned with the question whether sandalwood, an endangered plant species, be declared as a 'specified plant' in Schedule VI of the Wildlife Protection Act (WPA), 1972.Justices K S Radhakrishnan and C K Prasad were of the view that time had come to think of legislation similar to the Endangered Species Act enacted in the United States that protects both, endangered and threatened species.The court has left the decision to include sandalwood in Schedule VI of the WPA to the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) asking it to do so in six months. Conservationists have welcomed the order but demanded more stringent steps to curb the illegal felling of sandalwood trees.\"We feel the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) needs to be very firm to save sandalwood trees,\" said Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation. He expressed serious reservations over the MoEF's views stated in its affidavit filed before the SC on October 24, 2010.The MoEF had stated, \"the ministry has 'no objection' in allowing legal private entrepreneur to set up sandalwood oil units in non-sandalwood producing states provided that only legally sourced sandalwood is used and the regulatory enforcement mechanisms set up by the state are well in place.\"Rithe said Maharashtra had already experienced adverse implications of this approach. There were 33 oil extraction units in the non-sandalwood growing state like Maharashtra prior to high court order on January 13, 2006.He added these units in the state were found buying non-heart wood from the Karnataka forest department to show the stock on record which is unable to produce oil and later procured good sandalwood from illegal routes from Karnataka, Kerala and some parts of Maharashtra.\"So MoEF should learn from this and change its policy about non-sandalwood growing states,\" he stressed. \"As NBWL member, I'll make my submission to the MoEF,\" said Rithe.\"The order shows that there was lack of inputs in terms of information from Maharashtra,\" said Nishikant Kale of Nature Conservation Society, Amravati (NCSA). The PIL against sandalwood oil extraction units running in the state was filed in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court in 2005 by the NCSA.Kale said the government even did not know the number of sandalwood oil extraction units running in the state. After the NCSA filed a PIL, government kept silent for two months. When the high court imposed a fine on the chief secretary and senior forest officers, it filed an affidavit stating that they had closed down all such units.Kale also disapproved of the MoEF suggestion of imported sandalwood as a substitute for Indian sandalwood. \"Imported sandalwood can never be viable. Traders will use smuggled sandalwood from India as departments have no mechanism to check illicit trade,\" felt Kale.The SC has said that sandalwood was included in the Red List of International Union for Conservation and Nature (IUCN) as 'vulnerable' and hence serious attention by the Centre was needed considering the fact that all the sandalwood growing states had stated that it faced extinction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "at the oscars", "code": "12054899", "title": "Anil Ambani attends the 84th Academy Awards", "text": "At the Oscars: Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani with his Dream Works Studios' partners Steven Spielberg and Stacey Snider at the Red Carpet of the 84th Academy Awards ceremony held at Kodak Theatre, Los Angeles on 27th February 2012.The Help, War Horse and Real Steel produced by DreamWorks Studios were represented in 11 nomination categories for this year's Oscars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049489", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan draws Press Council chief's ire", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has invited the wrath of Press Council chairman, Justice Markandey Katju, a former Supreme Court judge. Following a series of attacks on the members of the fourth estate, Justice Katju told Chavanthat it was high time the state government deals with elements involved in such incidents with an iron hand.A week ago, when scribes from Maharashtra called on Justice Katju, he warned Chavan that if immediate action was not taken against the culprits, he would go to President seeking dismissal of the state government. Justice Katju had written to the CM on December 26, condemning the attack on journalists and murder of veteran journalist J Dey and asking the CM to protect the freedom of the press. But Chavan did not even acknowledge his letter.Former Bombay high court chief justice Justice K R Vyas, now at the state human rights commission, too had a similar experience. Besides writing several letters, Justice Vyas called on Chavan to demand filling up of vacant posts in the commission, which he said was increasing pending cases. It is the responsibility of the CM's secretariat to ensure that letters from constitutional authorities are given top priority. But it appears that the CM's secretariat, comprising three senior IAS officers, four joint secretaries, many under-secretaries and private secretaries have not taken their job seriously. Consequently, Chavan's image has been damaged.Right to know?RTI activist Vikrant Joshi has been knocking on the doors of the urban development, revenue and general administration departments, to find out about payments made to lawyers representing the government before the judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam. It appears all three are dithering on providing him routine information .The Congress-NCP government is already at the receiving end for setting up the commission when the CBI was probing the scam and secondly, for paying heavy fees to government lawyers. Joshi in his first application on November 8 last year, sought information from the GAD on the procedure adopted to appoint lawyers and fees paid to them. He was told the urban development and revenue departments deal with fees and he should approach them. Under the RTI Act, it was the responsibility of the GAD to forward his application to the departments, but it failed to do so. He submitted independent applications on December 2 last year, but as there was no response, he submitted a reminder on January 6, 2012. It's more than a month now, there is no response from the urban development and revenue departments.Car crackdownIn a bold, but unexpected decision, DGP Subramanian has withdrawn 'madam cars' with immediate effect. For several decades, it was a convention in the state police to provide cars to family members or wives of senior IPS officials and to retired DGPs. At any point of time, over 25 to 30 cars were at the disposal of family members of IPS officials, adversely affecting administration as cars were not available for official purposes.Subramanian made it clear that such cars should be withdrawn. Wwhile 'madam cars' have been withdrawn, letters have been sent to some additional DGPs to surrender their spare cars. But all four joint commissions in Mumbai will continue with their additional spare cars, as the same were granted by a home department resolution passed a few years ago. A senior home department official says the resolution will be revoked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12049844", "title": "BJP suspends truant workers in Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: Three senior BJP leaders from Bicholim constituency have been suspended by the party's senior leaders for undertaking anti-party activities in the wake of the forthcoming assembly elections. They had created propaganda against Bicholim's BJP candidate Manohar Shirodkar.The three leaders from Bicholim were Bhagwan Harmalkar, Rajan Kadkade and Abhijit Naik, the first two being former BMC councillors. The matter was confirmed on Sunday when opposition leader Manohar Parrikar arrived in Bicholim during for a road show. Speaking to press persons, he said that he and north Goa MP Sripad Naik had informed these people about their anti- party activities advising them not to do so. However, as their advise was unheeded, they were compelled to suspend them.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12050491", "title": "Reservation policy puts BJP in a fix", "text": "HUBLI: The state government's decision to reserve the post of deputy mayor of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation for the Scheduled Tribe community (woman) has come as a big blow to the ruling BJP.While lack of a ST woman candidate in the party has put the BJP in a fix, the Congress is all set to make hay while the sun shines. The post is likely to go to the opposition which has a woman member from ST community. The BJP, which is ruling the corporation for the first time, was expecting the post to be reserved for ST category. Of the total 67 seats, the party has 36 seats and the entire administration lies in the hands of BJP members. Sources said the BJP leaders are finding ways to put pressure on the state government to change the reservation policy in favour of the party. A senior BJP councillor said the government has the power to change the decision. ''If the state government is not ready to make any amendments, the BJP will have to contend with the mayor's post and let the opposition take the deputy mayor's post,'' he added.If the reservation policy remains unchanged, Congress member Lalita Lokur, who is representing Ward 22 from Dharwad, will hold the post of deputy mayor. As there is no suitable candidate in the JD(S), which is the second opposition party, winning the post will be a cakewalk for the Congress which has 22 members in the corporation.As the post of mayor is reserved for general category, there is stiff competition among the BJP members to grab the coveted post. Most of the members belong to general category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12049456", "title": "Jat stir: New guard at the helm", "text": "HISAR: The core demands in jat agitation remain the same, so do its tone and tenor. What has changed during its course is faces at the forefront. The second phase of agitation, which is just as strong as it was a year ago, when it was launched, has thrown up a set of new and comparatively young leaders at the helm.While the old warhorse, Hawa Singh Sangwan, who led the agitation last year, has made peace with the authorities, advocate Dharampal Chhot has emerged as a frontline leader this time around. Chhot, who replaced Sangwan as the state head of All India Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS), has been drawing support from khaps. Saiman Barah pradhan Sube Singh and Rakhi Barah leader Suresh Koth, too, are playing a key role in the agitation. .Sangwan, a retired CRPF commandant from Bhiwani district, has not only stayed away from the agitation after a fallout with AIJASS president Yashpal Malik, but also tried to influence the jats to make them defer their stir plans and have faith in the state government. So far, his call seems to have fallen on deaf ears.Dharampal, 51, who belongs to Chhot village in Kaithal, has been associated with the stir but is still a novice when compared to Sangwan. \"Our agitation is not going to mellow down for want of any individual. We have formed a 21-member committee, comprising 11 members from the samiti (AIJASS) and 10 from Sarv Khap panchayat, to take crucial decisions regarding the action plan of agitation,\" he said.Suresh Koth, who was instrumental in garnering support for accused jats in Mirchpur case and is a member of the committee, said that there was always pressure from government to make them end their stir. \"There must be tough negotiators in the committee as government plays all kinds of tricks to get rid of the agitation. But this agitation is linked to the future of our community, which has been passing through a crisis because of neglect of jobs and education opportunities,\" he claimed.Talks remain inconclusiveFailure of talks between chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and the 21-member Jat leaders' team over the reservation issue, has only made the community more resolute in intensifying its stir. A meeting of Sarvjatiya Khap in Jind on Sunday, to decide on their next action plan, has been rescheduled for Monday.\"The chief minister only agreed to providing land for a stadium in the name of Sunil Sheoran, who died in police firing in September 2010,\" Rambhagat Malik, district president of Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, said on Sunday.Samiti's state president Dharampal Singh added, \"In our meeting with Hooda in March last year, he had assured us to form a committee on the issue. Now they (government) say, it takes time.\" \"A meeting of Sarvjatiya Khap will be held in Jind, where decision would be taken whether to block railway lines or not,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054608", "title": "Lisa Haydon turns designer", "text": "From ramp model to Bollywood actress, WIFW showstopper and finally to front row celebrity, Lisa Haydon's fashion journey has been a rather quick one. And now the model is ready to take another step forward.She's become a designer in association with the Delhi-based team of Sher Singh, and will soon be launching her line on an online portal.Lisa was at WIFW to attend friend Anuj Chowdhry's wife Kanika Saluja Chowdhry's show, and left for Mumbai the same evening. However, at the show, as she garnered compliments for her own style, Lisa revealed, \"The top that I'm wearing is my own creation. It's a Lisa Sher Singh design. It's inspired by my person style and that's how I've put it together. We'll be launching the collection in April or May, and there will also be a launch party soon, which may take place in Delhi or Mumbai.\" Lisa also confessed to coming to Delhi quite often now since Sher Singh is based in Delhi, and says, \"This has kept me very busy over the past couple of months, and I've only done a guest appearance in a south Indian film lately. Now, I'm focusing on Bollywood again now that this project has taken off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12055729", "title": "151 services of 11 departments guaranteed from March 1", "text": "MANGALORE: Babus in four taluks in the state will strictly have to guard against procrastination come March 1. On this day, the much vaunted Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System, pet project of CM DV Sadananda Gowda will go on-stream in a taluk each in Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Dharwad and Chitradurga districts. After a month long pilot trial in these taluks, the system will be extended to remaining taluks across Karnataka.What the system essentially means for the common man is that the bureaucracy will have to deliver against time mentioned to a list of services notified in the special edition of Karnataka Gazette dated January 2. In all, 151 services of 11 major government departments have been brought under the ambit of the system. They include commercial taxes, education, food and civil supplies, health and family welfare, home, labour, revenue and transport, RDPR. Backed by the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011, the system on the home page of its website www.kgsc.kar.nic.in acclaims that it is your right to obtain citizen related services in time. While departments already providing services online will have an interface with the system's website to provide a GSC number to the applicant, others will make use of the call centre to generate the number and provide it to the applicant.\"Clock for official concerned starts ticking from the time that the GSC number is generated,\" noted V Ponnuraj, commissioner for survey settlement and nodal officer for the project. This GSC number, Ponnuraj told TOI here on Monday would enable the applicant to check the status of his application online at the above website. In case of delay in providing service beyond the stipulated time, the applicant may go in appeal to the appellate authorities. Terming the Gazette notification as the new Bible for Babus - initially in Puttur in DK, Aurad taluk in Bidar, Chitradurga and Dharwad taluks in the respective districts - Ponnuraj said none of the above departments can send back an applicant without an acknowledgement. The government may bring in more services of these 11 departments or extend their number at a later date, he said adding errant officials failing to stick to deadline will be penalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12055725", "title": "Protect your skin during Holi", "text": "With the festival of colours, 'Holi' approaching, it's time to take care of your skin.Remember to apply mustard oil on your face, hands, legs and your hair so in case you play with solid colours, it will go away easily.In case you are allergic to applying oil on your body and face, you can choose a lotion.To protect your skin from adverse effects of colours, apply a sunscreen lotion on your body. This will decrease the chemical effect of the colour.While playing Holi, make sure you protect your eyes from getting in contact with colour.After washing the colour off with water, apply some rose water on your eyes and take rest. This will aid in relaxing.While playing Holi, if some dry colour gets into your eye, then rinse it with some clean water.Use a face wash to wash the colour off your face instead of soap.Apply a multani mithi pack before you go for a bath. After washing your face with a mild face wash apply this pack, keep it for half an hour and rinse.If you have very strong colours applied on you, and you have tried all means to get it off, then take a piece of cloth, dip it in kerosene oil and rub it with light hand.You can also apply ubtan all over your body to take the colour off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050972", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to join common engineering entrance test from 2013", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government after its initial resistance and reluctance over the common test for admission to engineering colleges, have decided to join the Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET) from the next academic session.Though the entrance exam will be introduced from this year by the union government, the Madhya Pradesh has decided to follow the common engineering entrance examination from 2013.From next year merit of the test will enable students to gain entrance in all major and regional engineering colleges including the IITs. Confirming the state's stand on the participating in ISEET, Sanjay Singh, principal secretary, technical education said, \"There were few issues earlier, which have been sorted out at the ministerial level. The state will join the entrance exam from 2013, which will benefit the students of state.\"Earlier, Madhya Pradesh including several other states opposed the common entrance examination this year which the union government proposed to conduct in English and Hindi languages.Madhya Pradesh could have joined the format this year as both the languages are spoken and written by the students of state but officials have taken a year's time to let the students adopt to the format.Under the new format separate merit list for state and centre will be declared. The state merit list will be used by each state for giving admission in engineering and pharmacy colleges. The decision will benefit students as they will get a reprieve from appearing in multiple entrance exams to secure a seat in good top colleges.Currently, the students keen on an engineering career appear in minimum three entrance exams like IIT-JEE and AIEEE, along with MPPET. Narendra Dhakad, additional director, higher education said, \"State has to accept the format as central government holds the power under the constitution to implement its policies.\" He said that students will benefit as they will not have to spend money for filling examination forms for multiple entrance examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049574", "title": "Azharuddin violates model code, booked", "text": "Authorities have registered cases against Congress MP from Moradabad and former Indian cricketer Mohammad Azharuddin, state Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi and two others for violating the model code of conduct.They are accused of landing their chopper without taking prior permission from the district authorities.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049304", "title": "ATM goons on prowl at night: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A dreaded gang is on the loose, attacking and robbing people visiting ATMs late at night. According to police sources, the gang is targeting ATMs inside high-security areas like Connaught Place and Barakhamba Road.The most recent incident was reported from an SBI ATM in G-block, Connaught Place. A man was returning to Noida from Paschim Vihar when he stopped midway to withdraw cash. The man told police that around 1am he went inside the ATM. \"I saw a man in guard's uniform sitting inside on a chair. The man had covered his face with a shawl. Thinking he is the guard, I got busy withdrawing cash. Suddenly, the man got up and started hitting my head with a hard object. I collapsed, but the man continued to rain blows. As I began to bleed, the man asked my ATM card and PIN number,\" the victim said.\"The man finally dragged me behind the machine and escaped,\" he said. The victim, Rahisuddin, is a resident of Sector 53, Noida. Rahisuddin was admitted to a Hospital in Noida. A case of attempt to commit culpable homicide under section 308 of IPC has been registered by the Connaught Place police.According to police sources, they have received few more complaints in the recent past and are looking into the matter. Vagabonds, living in and around the gurudwara and the temple, could be behind these attacks, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048960", "title": "Rohini plots: DDA blamed for delay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The waiting applicants of Rohini Residential Scheme 1981 got together at a 'maha-sammelan' in Dwarka on Sunday to demand allotment of plots from DDA and also seek an action against officials responsible for the delay.The applicants have been waiting for 31 years to get plots, but DDA hasn't been able to deliver. Only a little over 82,000 applicants have got possession of plots while the rest seem to be staring in the dark. \"An inquiry should be conducted on the delay in the allotment of plots to over 25,000 waiting applicants of this scheme and the responsibility for the delay should be fixed,\" said an applicant at the maha-sammelan, which was attended by nearly 250 wait-listed applicants.The meeting was organized by the Association of Waiting Registrants of Rohini Residential Scheme. The applicants passed a resolution stating, \"We have waited for 31 years for our plots under the DDA Rohini Residential Scheme 1981. We have little faith in the DDA and all our faith now rests in the courts. Despite the DDA's sustained efforts to deny us our plots, there may still be hope, if not for the generation that waited three decades, then at least for our children. We demand the honourable court to order the DDA to allot fully developed plots to all remaining 25,360 registrants forthwith in accordance with the Rohini Residential Scheme, 1981. We are confident that the courts of the land will come to our aid and address the injustice perpetuated against us.\"Hearing a petition filed by Rahul Gupta, the high court had earlier pulled up DDA in the matter following which the authority filed an affidavit in September last year, submitting that the handover of plots will be completed in one-and-a-half years. Convener M K Gupta said that the DDA has duped the applicants. \"It is neither honouring the commitments made to the court nor the commitment made in both houses of the Parliament by the urban development minister over the last 15 years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050346", "title": "City boy secures 11th rank in Company Secretary exam in country", "text": "NAGPUR: City boy Prathamesh Deshpande has secured All India Rank (AIR) of 11 in the Professional Programme category of Company Secretaries Exams. Results of the exam held in December were declared on Saturday in New Delhi.Deshpande scored a total of 483 marks and cleared all four groups. Overall Nagpur Chapter gave a good result across all three stages of the examination and a good number of students passed.In the Foundation exam 101 students from Nagpur passed, out of the 288 who appeared. In Executive exam 249 students passed out of the 843 who appeared across both groups. While in the Professional exam 116 students passed out of the 288 who appeared across all four groups.It is important to note that Institute of Company Secretaries of India has stopped sending mark sheets to students of Foundation and Executive programme, as they are now available online. However, for the Professional Programme physical mark sheets will be sent as before.The next examination of Company Secretaries for Foundation, Executive and Professional stages would be held from June 2 - 9. The last date for sending examination enrolment with requisite fee is March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12051165", "title": "JD(U) accuses parties of ruling UP only for profit", "text": "NOIDA: The last election rally before the city goes to polls saw Sharad Yadav attacking the BSP government claiming that the state was being run through the corrupt nexus of real estate industries, liquor barons and chief minister Mayawati.Starting his speech with Noida, the JD(U) MP said that the sight of not only India but even the world is trained upon Noida and Uttar Pradesh. \"Over the years, the corrupt governments in the state have only used the city for profit and not looked at the needs of the common people. The land near Delhi is worth much more than the lives of the common man, as was apparent through the violence that took place in Bhatta Parsaul,\" said Yadav.Sharad Yadav was quick to mention that his party, JD(U), has fielded farmer leader Manveer Tewatia as their candidate in Jewar, who is currently imprisoned in Dasna jail in the district.\"Manveer fought for those who lost their lands and for this he has been imprisoned by the corrupt government. This is the government that you voted for five years back. Don't make the same mistake again,\" he added.Yadav didn't leave any stone unturned in his criticism of the previous governments in Uttar Pradesh since the independence of the country, while constantly making allusions to the rapid development taking place in the JD(U)-governed Bihar.\"The Congress government was in power for almost four decades in UP, the SP seven years and the BSP has now had five continuous years. Even the BJP ruled for a few years. But what does the state have to show for it? There is unemployment, poverty and statues of elephants everywhere. Is this what you want?\" he asked while greeted with a roaring applause by the 2,000-odd supporters who had come to the Noida Stadium for the rally.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049687", "title": "Plea against SRK\u2019s Mannat now in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over Shah Rukh Khan's palatial bungalow Mannat has reached the Supreme Court with the filing of a petition alleging violations by the actor while constructing the house.The petition has alleged that there were violations of archaeological laws and coastal regulation zone in the construction of Mannat.Simpreet Singh and Amit Maruand of Mumbai approached the Supreme Court challenging the Bombay High Court's order which had dismissed their petition against Khan.The HC had, on January 28, dismissed the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by the duo and imposed a cost of Rs 20,000 on them saying that it was a \"publicity petition\".The plea had alleged that the actor had constructed a building inside the compound in violation of environment and heritage laws.Khan had, however, contended that there was no violation and the construction was allowed by the municipal body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049201", "title": "Novel science books get wider audience", "text": "MUMBAI: A series of alternative science textbooks for primary section, so far used only by limited students across the country, will soon be released in a new avatar in many more schools.The textbook series called 'Small Science', developed by the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education (HBCSE), is essentially activity-based and will give students a hands-on learning experience as compared to regular textbooks. The centre has collaborated with a start-up based in IIT-B, InOpen Technologies, to venture into science education in schools.Small Science, which was distributed in only around 100 schools across the country, will now have a larger presence in schools. The textbooks are authored by professors from the Homi Bhabha centre. Jayashree Ramadas, director, HBCSE, a centre of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), said, \"Most of the topics in science in primary schools across national and state boards are similar. The textbooks we design have been used by educationists from other boards while designing their own textbooks.\"Earlier, only experimental schools used to adopt the textbooks for teaching science from Class I to V. Now, HBCSE and InOpen Technologies plan to popularize the series with a new strategy and make communication between the centre and schools more interactive. \"By offering support to teachers, especially in the initial period of adoption, we hope the collaboration will help seed a community of practising teachers who interact and exchange ideas on academic issues. We hope that InOpen will document the implementation of Small Science in schools and in that process, create more support material for teachers,\" said Ramadas.The key features of the books include the integration of physical, biological and environmental sciences. It makes use of child-friendly language to nurture the natural curiosity of students.\"We will continue to add value-added features in the schools which are already subscribing to the books. Later, we will be venturing into more online learning material and e-books. We are currently looking at setting up capacity for larger markets,\" said Rupesh Kumar Shah, founder of InOpen Technologies.Mumbai: A series of alternative science textbooks for primary section which was accessible to limited students across the country will soon be released in a new avatar in many more schools. The textbook series called 'Small Science' developed by the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education (HBCSE) is essentially activity based and gives students hands-on learning experience as compared to the regular textbooks. The centre has collaborated with an IIT-based firm, InOpen Technologies, to venture into science education in schools.Small Science, which is distributed in not more than 100 schools across the country, will now have a larger presence in schools. The textbooks are authored by professors from the Homi Bhabha centre. According to Jayashree Ramadas, director, HBCSE, a centre of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), the textbooks are essentially based on activities. \"Most of the topics in science in primary schools across national and state boards are similar. The textbooks that we design have been used by educationists from other boards, while designing their own textbooks,\" said Ramadas.The textbooks are popular among educationists, she added. Earlier only experimental-minded schools used to adopt Small Science as an alternative textbook for teaching science from class I to V. Now HBCSE and InOpen Technologies plan to popularise it with a new strategy and make the communication between the centre and schools more interactive.The key features of the books include integration of physical, biological and environmental sciences and are prepared through research, field studies and classroom trials. It makes use of child friendly language, and nurtures the natural curiosity of young students. It contains a lot of illustrations too. \"By offering help and support to teachers, especially in the initial period of adoption, we hope that the collaboration will help to seed a community of practicing teachers who interact and exchange ideas on academic issues. We hope that InOpen will document the implementation of Small Science in schools and in that process creates more support material for teachers,\" said Ramadas.\"We also plan to have orientation programmes in schools for teachers. We will continue to add value added features in the schools which are already subscribing to the books. Later we will be venturing into more online learning materials and developing e-books. We are currently looking at setting up capacity for larger markets,\" said Rupesh Kumar Shah, founder of InOpen Technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12051039", "title": "Pregnant woman, daughter beheaded in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: A 25-year-old pregnant woman and her six-year-old daughter's beheaded bodies were found in the servant quarter of a government farmhouse in Raisen district on Saturday night.Under a cot beside the beheaded bodies, police found a 'puja thali' with incense sticks, vermillion, sweets and other offerings. Vermillion was smeared on the foreheads of the victims. It is being suspected that the incident could be a case of human sacrifice.\"We cannot pinpoint the motive at this point. But we are sure the double murders had nothing to do with the purpose of looting or rape. The crime scene is a small 7X7 feet room with a television set, mobile phone and other consumer durables. No one touched them or the small amount of money that was in the room,\" Raisen superintendent of police I P Kulshreshta told TOI.The incident occurred in Begumgunj, about 80 km from Raisen town. Gomati Bai, wife of the farmhouse watchman Ram Singh Gaur, was six months pregnant and was alone with her daughter Sapna since Wednesday morning. Her husband Ram Singh Gaur had come to Bhopal for some personal work. \"She last spoke to her husband at 6pm on Saturday,\" Kulshreshta said.After spending three days in Bhopal, watchman Ram Singh Gaur returned to Begumgunj at 9pm. \"He returned at 9 pm, saw the bodies of his wife and daughter and reported the matter to the local police station at midnight,\" the SP said. The three hour gap between his arrival in Raisen and reporting the matter to the police has made Ram Singh the prime suspect in the killings.Police are interrogating the watchman about his recent trip to Bhopal, the purpose of that visit and the time of the murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12049555", "title": "Nashik civic body: BJP may support MNS", "text": "NASHIK: Opposition parties here are trying every trick in the book to prevent a Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator from becoming the next mayor on March 15.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may tie up with the MNS in the Nashik civic body, particularly after a meeting of BJP leaders with Shiv Sena leaders at Matoshree on Friday. BJP leaders had made it clear that they would not tie up with secular parties and had plans of supporting the MNS, which had won 40 seats in the civic polls on February 16. In need of 22 more, the MNS is looking for an alliance and the BJP happens to be the only party that fits the bill now.BJP leaders had indicated that they may consider support for the MNS but being an ally at the national and state levels with the Shiv Sena, the leaders met at Matoshree to arrive at a decision. \"A decision on whether to support the MNS will be taken at the regional level. We will support the MNS only if the Shiv Sena does not have a problem. In politics, power is most important,\" said a BJP leader.He said that the leaders had broad-based discussions on Saturday.BJP regional president Sudhir Mungantiwar made it clear at the Matoshree meeting that the mayor will be made from the grand alliance in Nashik, but as of now there has been no discussion on supporting the MNS, party leaders said. They said a final decision would be taken by the core committee.This has once again left the MNS in a spot. \"There are chances of including the BJP, but a final decision will be taken by our party chief,\" said a party leader, expressing concern that they may have trouble electing a mayor. The 40 newly-elected MNS candidates are on a secret tour that has been organized by party bigwigs to prevent deceit by partymen.The Shiv Sena has 19 seats and the BJP 14, and if the Republican Party of India joins them, its three seats will take the total to 36.The Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance has 35 seats, while the MNS has 40. Many leaders fear that smaller parties and independents will play a crucial role.Nashik guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who is from the NCP, had recently given the RPI hope of fielding its candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053512", "title": "Director Bejoy advances shoot in Kerala?", "text": "TOI had earlier reported that Tamil star Vikram will be heading to Alleppey in March to shoot for director Bejoy Nambiar's film David - that will be released in Hindi and Tamil.The latest on that front is that the director apparently advanced his shoot by a week and the team, including Vikram and one of the lead actresses Isha Sharwani, is currently in Alleppey.\"The team has been here in Alleppey since the last few days. They are shooting at Kuttanad and do not get much time off shoot. The lead stars were initially supposed to stay at a popular resort here, which has been frequented by most of the film personalities from other industries who come to shoot here. But they too were shifted to another star hotel close to the original place,\" says a source, on basis of anonymity.Our source also adds that the last minute changes have come about after a section of the media got a hang of the shooting schedule. \"Director Bejoy apparently decided to bring about these changes to avoid any disturbances during the shoot. The plan was to shoot for four days, and the team may be wrapping up their schedule today,\" says the source.The hotel staff too has been asked not to say a word about their celebrity guests. While they did not deny that they had these guests at their hotel, a spokesperson said, \"We are not allowed to divulge any information about our guests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12050390", "title": "Oops! Hoshiarpur villagers vote for wrong seat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Voters of a village in Hoshiarpur, Punjab have been found to have cast their votes for the wrong constituency and candidates, in the January 30 assembly elections. An \"oversight\" and \"mistake\" by the district election officials has led to nearly 156 voters casting votes for the wrong candidates and constituency, not just in this assembly election but in the parliamentary elections of 2009 as well.It was only after a complaint was filed to the Election Commission and an inquiry conducted that it transpired that villagers in Koundla, 20km from Hoshiarpur, have been casting votes for a neighbouring constituency. \"The village was mistakenly clubbed by district election officials with the adjoining village and polling station of Bassi Chaura,\" chief electoral officer, Kusumjit Sidhu, told TOI.After delimitation, Koundla fell in the area of the Hoshiarpur seat while Bassi Chaura came under Chhabewal seat. Earlier, both villages had a common polling station in Bassi Chaura. As a result, the 156 voters of Koundla village cast their votes for the Chhabewal assembly seat instead of Hoshiarpur. Chhabewal is a reserved seat, Hoshiarpur seat is in general category.Sidhu said that there would be a problem if during counting of votes, the winning margin of the candidates is about the same as the number of votes cast by Koundla village residents. \"In that case there would be a re-election petition,\" said Sidhu.Deepinder Singh, deputy commissioner, Hoshiarpur, who conducted the inquiry, said, \"It is amazing that the mistake never came to light in the past four years and the villagers cast votes wrongly in the parliamentary elections in 2009 as well. Neither the presiding officer, nor the villagers from neighbouring constituency ever objected or brought this to our attention.\"Sidhu said that the complaint was made by election agents of BJP leader Tikshan Sud, on February 23. \"None of the parties ever pointed this out to us before, though we have been inviting complaints. I have already brought this matter to the notice of the EC. The electoral rolls have already been notified so there is actually little that can be done at this stage.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053133", "title": "Mission in india", "text": "LOUISE ASHER MP , minister for innovation, services and small business, minister for tourism and major events, Victoria, Australia, tells Aaditi Isaac how Indian students can avail of a range of scholarshipsWhat brings you to IndiaI am representing the Victorian governments Super Trade Mission, the largest-ever trade mission from Australia, that includes more than 270 delegates from over 200 organisations including vice-chancellors, CEOs and other senior representatives from Victorian public universities and technical and further education (TAFE) institutes, as well as from the private education sector. Creating greater collaborative opportunities to strengthen mutual education and research is the focus of our current mission to India.Could you elaborate on the Victoria-India Doctoral scholarshipsThe Victoria-India Doctoral scholarships are administered by the Australia India Institute on behalf of the Victorian Government. Each scholarship is worth $90, 000, over three years, for doctoral research. The mission, while in Delhi on February 21, delivered seven of 10 Victoria-India Doctoral scholarships to top scholars in India for their PhD courses in any one of the universities at Victoria, starting 2012. Research topics include diabetes prevention, novel means of drug delivery, etc. The scholarships are offered in partnership with Victorias universities and offer an attractive new incentive for Indias high-calibre students to come to Victoria to pursue doctoral studies. Also, we have announced 10 more scholarships for the commencement of study in 2013.50 years of teachingTraditionally, the UK has been a favourite choice for Indian students. A country with a legacy of the worlds finest writers, poets and academics, Indian students still find the UK to be a coveted academic destination. Celebration of academic feats is also part of its academic culture. For instance, Sussex University is celebrating its 50anniversary this year. While it boasts of three Nobel Prize winners in the sciences, the university believes in offering a stimulating learning environment to its students. Apart from the departments of science, engineering and management, the university is known for its other departments like global studies, social work and development studies.Courses offered:International management, marketing, finance, mechanical, electronics, automotive, computer sciences &amp; IT, software engineering, biotechnology, genetics, neuroscience, economics, development studies, international relations, psychology, law, English literature, sociology, human rights, migration, anthropology and climate change, among others. Chancellors scholarships of 3, 000 are available in engineering, law, social sciences and management. Economics and social development scholarships to the tune of 5, 000 are on offer for a select number of high achievers.Sussex India office will showcase various courses and offer free advice to students on application process, subject selection and visa briefing on February 28, 29 and March 1, 2012 at Sussex India (Delhi) office (1123, Hemkunt Chambers, 11Floor, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019) between 10am and 6pm. A prior appointment is advisable. For details, call the zonal coordinator at 9911798498, 011-46585348.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050432", "title": "Youth attempts to rape minor girl", "text": "HYDERABAD: Parents of a six-year-old girl approached Kusghaiguda police on Sunday evening alleging that a 17-year-old catering worker tried to rape their daughter at a function hall on Sunday.According to police, the catering worker entered their room and tried to force himself upon the victim in the absence of her parents. However, when the girl began crying one of her parents came there and accused fled from the spot. A man hunt launched to nab the accused, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12051151", "title": "HAL to provide tech support to Nashik firms", "text": "NASHIK: Aircraft manufacturer Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) said it is planning to outsource maximum aircraft components to Nashik industries and will provide support for all technology and tooling solutions to its selected vendors.A business meet (B2B) between HAL and Small &amp; Medium Enterprises (SMEs) was held in Nashik at the mega industrial exhibition NIMA Index: 2012 with an aim to outsource maximum aircraft components in the region. The expo is being held at the Dongre Hostel grounds in Nashik. Around 70 entrepreneurs participated in the business meet. HAL manufactures defense aircraft at its Ozar plant near Nashik. The aircraft that are manufactured here include Su-30 MKI (Twin-seater, Multi-role, Long range Fighter / Bomber / Air Superiority Aircraft), MiG-27 M (Single-seater Tactical Fighter / Bomber with variable sweep wings), MiG-21 Variants (Single-seater Front line Tactical Interceptor / Fighter Aircraft).\"We are already outsourcing aircraft components in large numbers from Bangalore and Hyderabad. But, outsourcing components to industries in Bangalore and Hyderabad is not feasible logistically. Hence, we are planning to outsource maximum aircraft components from Nashik industries. We already have around 15-20 vendors in Nashik. The selected vendors from Nashik will be provided with the technology and tooling solutions,\" said GSR Prasad, deputy general manager (outsourcing &amp; marketing), HAL.\"We already have skilled manpower doing the work, but there are some areas where we are looking for outsourcing. The components we require include CNC machines, sheet metals, electrical looms, rubber components, typical hydraulic service trolleys, tooling and ground handling equipments,\" he said.Some vendors from Nashik, including Panchal Engineering, Navkar Technology etc., also gave power point presentations to HAL officials.\"We are already supplying to Mahindra Sona, Crompton Greaves and Kent Introl Ltd. Of total installed capacity, we are utilizing 70 per cent of the capacity while rest of the 30 per cents is to be utilized for the companies like HAL which have earned a status of 'Navratna',\" Nikhil Panchal of Panchal Engineering said.\"Earlier, the products were manufactured here and their finishing was done at Bangalore. But today's new generation is manufacturing quality products and exporting to the other countries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054916", "title": "Get summer fit: Exercise challenges you must try", "text": "If you are in a mood to put your athletic skills to good use, up the ante and try a few exciting exercises that will keep you fit and healthy throughout the year. Kolkata-based strength and fitness coach Arnav Sarkar, takes us through the top 5 fitness exercise challenges, which you must try!Back bridge: A great exercise for a healthy spine. Your goal is to be able to go from a standing position to the back bridge with the hands on the floor and be able to get back up again. When you begin, start by putting your hands behind on a wall and walk your hands downwards to the floor, and when you feel comfortable try to do them without the support of the wall.Jumping chinup: A great explosive upper body movement that will challenge your muscles greatly. Unlike the regular version this one involves an explosive action when you have to jump up to the bar, and thus also works your grip hard. Start by jumping up and grabbing onto the chin up bar, and do a chin up. Then drop down and repeat. Want to make them more challenging? Start the movement in a squat position, and then jump up to do the chin up.Reverse burpee: To do this version of reverse burpee, squat down and then throw your body forward to drop into a push up position. Then push back into the squat position and stand up. Do about 25-50 of these as fast as you can, and you will have a great release of growth hormones pumping through your body for sure.Run 3 miles in 20 minutes: A good athletic goal to pursue. If you can run 3 miles/4.8 km in 20 minutes or less, you will surely be in good shape for most sports that require you to run.High rep push ups: A great test of upper body endurance would be to do high repetition push ups. For men 40 and for women 20 would be a good number to shoot for. But mind you, here we are not talking about those bouncy, no elbow bending crappy form push ups. We are talking about push ups done in good form where you control the movement and keep a straight line from head to toe. Just like high rep push ups, high reps squats is a great test for lower body endurance is to do high repetition bodyweight squats. A good number to aim for would be to do 300 reps in 10 minutes or less.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048778", "title": "Matrimony fair for people with disabilites", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 150 youths thronged the first matchmaking fair for differently-abled at BPA premises on Sunday morning. The event, organized jointly by Lok Seva Trust and BPA saw many of the pairs in making. Bhimjibhai Nakrani, trustee of Lok Seva Trust, told TOI that nobody gives a serious thought to the matchmaking for differently-abled and thus they hosted the event. The next step would be to organize a mass marriage for the differently-abled, he said. \"While parents want a 'normal' match for their kin, we believe that a differently-abled person can relate more to the feelings of a fellow differently-abled and thus would make a great pair. We are providing a platform for parents across the state to meet and discuss,\" he said. Bhushan Punani, executive director, BPA, said that the organizers want to make it a regular affair.Also, BPA website will have regular updates for aspirants to take part in annual matrimonial fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049559", "title": "Citizens must protect others' rights: Malimath", "text": "PUNE: Karnataka law commission chairman justice V S Malimath said here on Sunday that every citizen should consider it as his or her duty to protect the rights of others.\"A lot of research has been done on human rights, but most of it remains on paper and is not reflected in the society. This happens because individuals do not consider it as their duty to protect the rights of others,\" he said while speaking at a moot court competition on human rights organised by city-based New Law College.Malimath, known for his report suggesting reforms in the criminal justice system, said incidents of violence, crime and even violation of human rights are increasing across the country as people are not aware about their responsibilities towards the society. \"Even if you add another 500 courts in the country, there will not be any improvement in curbing human rights' violation,\" he said.Former Supreme Court justice P N Bhagwati and justice Kshitij Vyas, chairperson, Maharashtra Human Rights Commission, were also present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049904", "title": "Two octroi agents held for Rs 5 crore fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) arrested two octroi clearing agents for printing fake receipts and duping the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation of Rs 4.98 crore. The police are likely to arrest two more persons in the case.Assistant inspector Suresh Kadam said the arrests were made after superintendent (octroi) Suresh Gawde lodged a complaint. The accused, Rajankumar Shashi Shankar Mishra (24) and Nitu Nityanand Pujari (29), are Std VIII dropouts. \"We seized a printer, scanner, and rubber stamps from the accused,\" said Kadam.Five bank accounts of the accused have been frozen. The accused are in this business for the last five years, said the police. The accused's alleged mentor, Umesh Nair, was arrested by the Navghar police last week in a similar case. \"We will take Nair into custody soon,\" said an officer.According to the complaint, HCL Infosys Ltd. had sent electronic goods and computer hardware from Bhiwandi to Mumbai. \"The contract for transporting goods was given to two companies, which appointed Mishra, Pujari and their associates as clearing agents,\" said Kadam.\"The octroi receipts were submitted to HCL. The company officials were shocked when they received a notice from the BMC for non-payment of octroi. The octroi receipts submitted to the firm were fake,\" Kadam added. Last week, the Thane police arrested another member of this group and seized bogus octroi receipts of Mulund and Dahisar check nakas, fake octroi forms, rubber stamps, demand drafts and copies of visiting cards of several civic officials. The racket mastermind has been identified as Gorakhnath Pawar (32), who was arrested on February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12051503", "title": "Red corner notice against A K Jain soon in Dara case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will press for a red-corner notice against absconding IPS officer AK Jain in connection with the Dara Singh fake encounter case. A request to the Interpol regarding this is being processed, said a CBI source.\"A proposal regarding a red-corner notice against Jain has been prepared and it will soon be sent to the Interpol,\" said the source. Dara Singh, a known criminal, was gunned down by a team of special operations group led by Jain on Jaipur's outskirts in October 2006.A red corner notice will hem in the suspended additional DGP. It is believed he is hiding in Singapore with his relatives who are residents there.Jain's passport was recently revoked by the ministry of external affairs at CBI's request. A Jaipur court had issued an arrest warrant against him after he disappeared. Jain, who was additional director general for home guards and civil defence, is missing since the arrest of another accused IPS officer, Inspector General A Ponnuchami, on May 15 last year.The CBI had called Ponnuchami and Jain to its Jaipur office for questioning. While Ponnuchami turned up and was arrested, Jain did not. He had applied for 40 days' leave, but his request was turned down and he was placed on \"awaiting posting order\". He was subsequently suspended.The CBI is under pressure to nab the officer as the Supreme Court recently directed the agency to arrest him and three other fugitive officers. The CBI has already filed a charge-sheet against 15 police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12049120", "title": "Now, stepdad's relatives attack Sanyam's caretakers", "text": "JAIPUR: A few relatives of a quack, who was arrested for the inhuman torture of his three-year-old stepson, Sanyam Jain, tried to stab the victim's attendants, including his mother at Umaid Hospital in Jodhpur on Saturday. The attackers wanted to forcefully discharge the boy from the hospital and take him away, sources said. However, the hospital administration intervened following which they escaped. The hospital authorities have provided security to the boy.The police had on Friday arrested Kailash Jain whose brutal behaviour nearly pushed Sanyam Jain on the brink of death. The father had bitten the boy all over his body making him bleed and branded him with hot iron rods on Wednesday night.The badly bruised boy was brought to Jodhpur by his mother Nidhi Jain, who had been confined by her husband but managed to flee. The kid is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital's intensive care unit here and is said to be traumatized.\"Three relatives of Kailash came to the hospital on Saturday afternoon and removed the IV fluid bottles. They wanted us to leave with Sanyam,\" said a relative of Nidhi, who is attending to the boy in the hospital.\"We immediately informed the hospital authorities and police. Meanwhile, one of them took out a knife and tried to attack us. They mouthed threats and disappeared,\" said the relative.Sources said a security guard had been provided for the boy.According to Nidhi Jain, mother of the hapless boy (Sanyam), she was married to Kailash 10 years back. But soon after marriage he started misbehaving with her. \"I tolerated his atrocities for four years but when it became intolerable, I left his house with my son and came back to my parental house in Jodhpur,\" said Nidhi. Here, she married someone else. But even this relationship could not last long. Nidhi had a son (Sanyam) from her second marriage, too.She returned to her parents' place with her sons. \"When Kailash learnt about this a few months back he came to us and requested to take her back promising that everything would be fine,\" said Nidhi's brother Vijay Jain.However, things did not change between Kailash and Nidhi. \"He used to beat Sanyam mercilessly and barely fed him. While doing this, he used to push me into a room and lock it from outside,\" Nidhi said. She said that on Wednesday night, he crossed all limits and bit and branded the child with hot rods.\"I somehow managed to flee with my sons and rushed to Jodhpur the same night. My parents took Sanyam to the hospital,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049702", "title": "Promote Indian hockey, it needs a leg up: Players", "text": "GURGAON: Even though the threat of not being able to play for India ever again looms large, players of eight teams are raring to participate in the inaugural World Series Hockey (WSH) championship that starts on Wednesday. The ongoing brilliant performances by both the national men's as well as women's hockey teams at the Olympic qualifiers have only propelled the teams to participate in this series.According to sources, the players who participate in the WSH are likely to meet the same fate as the ones who participated in the Indian Cricket League (ICL).\"Like it was the case in cricket, the same is with hockey at present. The World Series Hockey is being backed by the Indian Hockey Federation and not by Hockey India, the body that conducts international tournaments in India. And therefore the players who are playing in the WSH are likely to get into the bad books of Hockey India and might never be able to play for the country again. This is similar to what BCCI did to players who were a part of ICL instead of IPL,\" said a source.However, the Delhi team captain tried to allay such fears at a press meet in the city on Saturday.\"All that we want is that hockey as a sport should be promoted. It is up to the authorities to decide what course of action they would like to take regarding those players who are playing in this series. At the end of the day, I think nobody wants the national sport to get affected,\" said Rajpal Singh, former India captain.Apart from Delhi, there are seven other teams - Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Bhopal , Chandigarh and Punjab. Each team will play 14 matches and the event will end on April 2. The first two matches by the Delhi team will be played at the Dhyan Chand National Stadium in Delhi.The Delhi captain was also critical about the way the officials are promoting youngsters in the Indian team.\"One of the main reasons why cricket is more famous than hockey is because the way senior players are treated and are retained in the team. The same does not seem to happen in hockey these days where an increasing number of seniors are being asked to leave on issues like fitness, among other non-serious issues. The other important aspect that should not be ignored is that the captain should have a say in the team selection and should be consulted in important issues pertaining to the team. One of the reasons I had to resign was because of this,\" he said.Rajpal is among the few senior players who were asked to leave since they were not considered fir anymore. He, however, said that he was very fit and that his team will win the series.There are two foreign players in the side - Philip Sunkel from Germany and Shakeel Abbasi from Pakistan . The German player, a former captain himself, stressed on the need for the players to be more defensive. \"Indian players tend to be more aggressive and concentrate more on offence and therefore the defence is left fragile. The other thing is that they don't pass the ball as often as they should and have a tendency to keep the ball with them and score the goal. However, I am going to stick to my game plan and I am looking forward to playing next year as well,\" said the centre forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12051387", "title": "You are punishing me for doing my duty, Mahatma told judge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The trial, which lasted for 100 minutes on March 18, 1922 at the Old Circuit House in Shahibaug, witnessed an intense conversation that took place between the Mahatma and the judge, R S Broomfield. Gandhi accepted the charge of sedition in court and said: \"Some of the most loved of India's patriots have been convicted under it (Section 124-A ). I consider it a privilege therefore to be charged under it.\"\"I do not seek mercy... I am here to invite and cheerfully submit to the highest penalty for what in law is a deliberate crime and what appears to me to be highest duty of a citizen,\" he said. Calling upon the judge to convict him with the harshest of punishment , Gandhi also proposed that the judge resign if he considered the system wrong.\"Millions look upon you as a saint. It is my duty to judge you as a man subject to the law, who has by his own admission broken the law,\" judge Broomfield said, in his reply, and later sentencing Gandhi to six years of simple imprisonment.\"... I knew that I was playing with fire... I do not ask for mercy. Section 124(A), under which I am happily charged, is perhaps the prince among the political sections of the Indian Penal Code designed to suppress the liberty of the citizen. Affection cannot be manufactured or regulated by law,\" Gandhi told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12050887", "title": "PM urged to tackle issueof children's malnutrition", "text": "PATNA: Expressing concern over the growing number of malnourished children in the country and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's comments on it recently, JD (U) national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Shivanand Tiwary hoped that the central budget will take care of this grave problem.Reacting to PM's remark that 47% children being malnourished is a national shame, Tiwary said this was not the first time when Singh has said this.Criticizing the economic policies of the UPA government, Tiwary wondered who benefited from the 8-9% GDP growth. \"Only 10% of the country's population has benefited from development and the number of billionaires has increased. This growth is jobless growth and failed to address the problem of the poor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053280", "title": "Saawan Kumar back with Baniye Ki Moonchh", "text": "After his last film Saawan...The Love Season in 2006, filmmaker Saawan Kumar Tak will return to filmmaking with Baniye Ki Moonchh.His last film had good friend Salman Khan in an extended guest appearance.When contacted, Tak refused to give any details. \"It is too early to talk about it. Right now, all I can confirm is the title of the film,\" he said.However, a source told Mumbai Mirror, \"Saawan Kumar Tak, after maintaining a low profile for the past few years, is secretly developing a new project. Most of his hit films belonged to the drama genre.Now, he wants to explore the comedy genre . He has finalised the script.\" Rajesh Roshan will be the music director of the film.Tak has made successful films like Hawas, Souten, Sanam Bewafa, Khal-Naaika Souten Ki Beti, Salma Pe Dil Aa Gaya and Saajan Bina Suhagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049914", "title": "Mega block leaves commuters fuming", "text": "MUMBAI: The five-hour mega block undertaken almost simultaneously on the Western (10.35am to 3.35pm), Central (11am to 4 pm) and Harbour (11am to 4pm) lines on Sunday greatly inconvenienced commuters and derailed many a travel plan.Commuters on the Harbour line were particularly miffed as this was the second consecutive Sunday when a mega block was undertaken. Due to the mega block between Kurla and Vashi stations, special locals were run on the CST-Kurla and Vashi-Panvel routes. Residents of Nerul, Belapur, Kharghar and Panvel were left fuming due to poor frequency of special trains and the long detours they had to take to travel.Nerul resident C Radhakrishnan said, \"The railways shouldn't undertake mega block every Sunday; it should be once-a-month affair.\"Western Railway commuters, too, complained of poor frequency of trains and crowd on platforms. WR carried out the mega block on the Up and Down lines (fast track) between Santa Cruz and Mahim. Some suburban trains were cancelled. \"Though it was a five-hour block, it had a ripple effect on services throughout the day,\" said a WR commuter.CR's mega block between Thane and Kalyan stations left commuters fuming. A CR spokesperson said. \"We request commuters to bear with us as blocks are necessary for maintenance work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048826", "title": "UP govts cheated people for 22 years: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections entering its crucial last leg, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and party general secretary Rahul Gandhi launched a blistering attack on non-Congress political dispensations, accusing them of looting public money meant for the poor and cheating people by making false promises for the past 22 years.\"Congress does not cheat people by making promises. That can only be done by BJP, SP or BSP. They make tall promises but do nothing,\" Sonia said at a rally in Saharanpur, adding that for the past 22 years, these parties have been betraying the people in Uttar Pradesh.The Congress has stepped up its poll campaign by launching its brass in western UP in an attempt to boost its tally. In the Jat dominated belt, Congress is expected to gain, considering its alliance with Ajit Singh-led RLD.The party wants to capitalize on anti-BSP sentiments in the region as SP, perceived to be the frontrunner in the UP polls, is seen on a weaker wicket. The major factor for Samajwadi Party's weakness in the region is the absence of its core votebank of Yadavs.Attempting to project the Congress-RLD alliance as a better alternative to SP, Sonia lambasted the ruling BSP in the state. \"The BSP government is a synonym for corruption,\" she said, adding that Centre's support of lakhs of crores of rupees for UP were swindled in scams by the Mayawati regime.The UPA chairperson outlined steps taken by the Centre for benefit of farmers and weaker sections, including minorities. \"We also granted 4.5% reservation for backward Muslims,\" she said, adding that the party will fulfill all the promises made to the people. In Hapur, Rahul Gandhi attacked non-Congress parties for looting public money meant for the poor. The Congress heir apparent targeted SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for betraying Muslims in the state.\"Mulayam Singhji calls himself a leader of Muslims. Did Mulayam Singhji do anything for them in the past 22 years? But now during elections he showers promises. He was chief minister thrice but did nothing for the Muslims,\" he said. Rahul said Congress fought for the rights of weavers and approved a relief package for them, including waiving off loans and issuing credit cards.He questioned Mulayam's silence over reservation for Muslims. \"When media persons had asked Mulayamji about his stand on reservation, he did not utter a word. But when Congress went ahead with reservation, he complained that it was inadequate. He was the chief minister in UP thrice. Why did not he do anything then,\" Gandhi said, questioning the double speak of the SP chief on the issue of Muslim reservation.He did not spare Mayawati too, saying she did nothing despite being in power.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049266", "title": "Russell Market springs back to life", "text": "BANGALORE: Russell Market's indomitable never-say-die spirit was on display on Sunday morning as the city's iconic marketplace was back in action barely 24 hours after a fire ravaged 174 of the 440 shops there.Those whose shops were gutted set up makeshift counters outside the market, while owners of partially-gutted shops resumed business with whatever they could salvage.Shop No 1, where the fire originated, was already getting a paint-over. K Chinnaiah, who supplies flowers to wedding and other occasions, said, \"I don't want to lose business. That will only add to what I've already suffered.\"Sohail, 61, who was making frantic phone calls as the fire destroyed his shop on Saturday, spread out vegetables on the pathway of Russell Market. \"I can't wait till the corporation gives me a temporary stall. I'll end up not doing any business for months on end,\" he said.But Sohail had a problem. \"There's a shortage of stock and therefore the prices are high. But shoppers don't seem to understand this -- they want us to sell at the old prices,\" he said.Customers pouring in from the morning boosted the confidence of vendors like Amir who told TOI: \"It's comforting to know that customers are still with you, fire or high water. Most of the stock I had was sold out by early afternoon\"Homemaker Priya Satish said, \"When you wake up on a Sunday morning and decide to buy vegetables, instinct brings me to Russell Market. I don't know any other place. I was not sure what I would get when I came here but the market was filled with people and I got all what I wanted,\" she said.Banaswadi resident Mary Ann Nathalwala, 63, has been coming to Russell Market for the past 40 years to buy mutton and beef. After reading media reports about the fire, Mary came to the market to see what had happened to her favourite market. \"The BBMP is guilty of ignoring this heritage structure. Dangling live wires were a regular sight in every shop. Safety was always a casualty here,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12049144", "title": "Police kill 2 top LeT men in gunbattle", "text": "JAMMU: The security forces on Sunday eliminated two top terrorists of Lashker-e-Taiba after a fierce gun-battle in Kishtwar district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, said Inspector General of Police, Jammu, Dilbagh Singh. With this, Singh said, the security forces had foiled LeT's bid to revive the terrorist organization in the region.\"Acting on specific information about the presence of LeT militants in Dool-Banzwar forest belt in Kishtwar, troops of 17 Rashtriya Rifles, the state police and 74 CRPF launched a cordon and search operation in the area, said IGP Singh. The slain terrorists were top LeT cadre identified as Shahnawaz, aka Bilal Ahmed, and Mohammed Rafi, son of Abdul Rashid Mochi.\"They used to bait policemen or an SPOs with weapon in exchange of showing a militant hideout or presence of some ultras in a particular place known to them,\" Singh said, adding that they were desperate, and had killed one SPO and escaped with his weapon.The IGP said the two were involved in killing SPO Mohammed Hanief posted in Doda. Singh said Shahnawaz was a \"recycled terrorist\", who was earlier active between 2002 and 2006. \"In 2006, he was arrested in Shopian. He was earlier involved in the killing of two security personnel in an encounter in Dool area of Kishtwar.\"Giving details about the other slain terrorist Mohammed Rafi, the IGP said he was with the police and had killed Sgt Javed Ahmed in Kara Gandoh and fled with his service weapon. He joined LeT but was arrested six months later. He was out on bail in 2010. \"Soon, he and Shahnawaz began making efforts to revive LeT in Kishtwar. They were motivating the youth for recruitment,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad/ahmedabad", "code": "12048715", "title": "CBI may arrest AP cops soon", "text": "HYDERABAD/AHMEDABAD: The CBI is mighty miffed with the Andhra Pradesh (AP) Police for not being able to locate Naxalite renegade Nayeemuddin. The latter is being sought by the CBI for his suspected involvement in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. Highly placed sources said, CBI feels that the state police did not make enough efforts to find the fugitive because of his connections in certain quarters of the force.This was in spite of a special request from the probe agency to AP Police to help out. Now the CBI has declared that it will make renewed attempts using the organization's own manpower to locate Nayeemuddin, who in the Gujarat case, is also known as Kalimuddin. A CBI team - looking after this case - is already in Hyderabad.Sources also suggest that the CBI team may shortly arrest some AP cops for their alleged involvement in the kidnapping of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauser Bi. This is even as there is considerable pressure on the AP Police leadership from its ranks to protect their own officers. A Congress MP strongly networked in Delhi was also approached to intervene with the central leadership to find a way out. But the MP after testing waters in Delhi realized that any intervention would not help and withdrew.Though director general of police Dinesh Reddy formed three special teams to track Nayeemuddin, CBI sources say that they were drawn from the intelligence wing of the state police. One of the cops questioned by CBI is deputy inspector general of police N Balasubramanyam, posted at state intelligence bureau. Sources say that CBI avers that this disproportionate influence of the intelligence bureau on the affairs of the state police may have had to do something with Sohrabuddin's kidnapping then and Nayeemuddin managing to stay continually away from public gaze.The three special teams of the police have drawn a blank and some analysts figure that Nayeemuddin could well have been killed by now. But CBI does not buy this theory. CBI had itself made efforts to locate Nayeemuddin but handed over the job to AP Police in view of the latter's wide network in the state. This is not the first time that the cops are in the dock for not extending adequate cooperation in the case. Even before the CBI had taken on the case, a Gujarat police team encountered lack of support from AP Police.The CBI has already questioned senior officers of AP Police in this case, including former director general of police Arvinda Rao and DIG Balasubramanyam. An assistant commissioner of police C H Srinivas did not respond to CBI summons. The central agency is believed to have 'evidence' against some cops in the form of call and other records. Interestingly, when CBI summoned 1994 batch IPS officer Balasubramanyam earlier this month to its Gandhinagar office, the secretary of the IPS Association of AP also reached the Gujarat capital.The latter went there at the prompting of senior officers and with express objective of providing moral support to Balasubramanyam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056971", "title": "Title change for Nandaa's film", "text": "Actor Nandaa's forthcoming film which was earlier titled Thiruppangal has now been renamed as Puthiya Thiruppangal.It is directed by Sharada Ramanathan (whose Shringaram won the National Award), and also stars Andrea, and boasts of a strong technical team that includes composer Vidyasagar and acclaimed cinematographer Madhu Ambat.But Nandaa says that the film's surprise packet is child actress Dharini. \"Hers is the most important character in the film. It is an intense character and she has done it beautifully,\" he praises.\"The film deals with the subject of child trafficking. But the treatment is very commercial. There is romance, songs (even a kuthu number) and comedy,\" Nandaa says about the film.The actor has an unusual role in the film; he says that the role has two different shades. \"I also sport two looks - one is that of a normal office-goer but for the other, I had a makeover. I've even tried a different voice for it and it took me two days to perfect that voice,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12050092", "title": "Green makeover for Kolkata's high-speed corridors", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government's beautification committee is chalking out plans to turn the city's high-speed corridors such as VIP Road, EM Bypass, Salt Lake Bypass and Rajarhat's main arterial road into green corridors. A meeting was held recently to The committee recently held another meeting to discuss the issue.Officials said that the beautification plan aims will seek to add an aesthetic, clean and green look to these high-speed corridors that are currently marred with excessive number of hoardings and billboards. Apart from installation of new streetlights, the roadsides will be decorated and street furniture will be installed on pavements. The plan is being chalked out.At present, the committee is identifying the illegal billboards and hoardings along the specified stretches. \"Several billboards have come up on both sides of these roads and many of quite a few of these are unauthorized. There is a need to restrict these billboards to give the areas a cleaner and greener look,\" said an official. It has been noticed that many billboards are still occupying the places without having renewed its tenure.The plans are being prepared by the state public works department. Talks are on to put up a large illuminated welcome board at the VIP Road-airport junction. It will greet people driving into the city from the airport. For VIP Road - connecting Ultadanga to airport - there are plans to put up a large illuminated welcome board at the VIP Road - airport junction for people who will be driving into the city from the airport to look at.At present, one can spot a 'Welcome to Kazi Nazrul Islam Sarani' on entering VIP Road from Ultadanga, but there are no such boards at the airport end. The plan is being chalked out by the state public works department.The greenery on both sides of VIP Road - connecting Ultadanga to the airport - has been badly damaged over the last few years.The urban development department has been maintaining the sides of the Salt Lake Bypass that connects Chingrighata on EM Bypass to Sector V. The authorities are now working to install the new white lights and plans are there to plant new saplings and trees along these stretches.As for EM Bypass, all the damaged parts of the roads will be repaired before any beautification work is undertaken. Several billboards and hoardings have been set up on the EM Bypassalong the stretch between Ultadanga and Garia on EM Bypass and the authorities are in the process to identify the illegal ones.As a part of the beautification drive, the committee has advised agencies such as Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority, Kolkata Municipal Corporation and PWD to consider setting up model pay and use toilets in important places across the city and its surrounding. The plan also entails setting up of as part of the beautification plans that will also have multipurpose facilities like small cafes or food courts.Hidco is also not lagging behind in its efforts to beautify Rajarhat. It has already got busy in making plans to increase greenery along the main arterial road in Rajarhat and make it look more aesthetic. Hidco has been planning to increase greenery and create an aesthetic look on both the sides of the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050319", "title": "City's wheels of growth to stand still on Tuesday", "text": "KOCHI: The nationwide trade union strike against Centre's policies on Tuesday is likely to have its full impact on the commerce and industry in the city. The trade unions in the state including those owing allegiance to ruling and opposition parties have decided to strike work.Besides the Cochin Port Labourers Union (CPLU), the organization of causal labourers in the port and the five federations of regular employees have served strike notice to the CPT. The situation is no different in Cochin Shipyard too. \"The industrial sector in Kochi will come to a standstill as employees of all the Central PSUs like HMT, FACT, IRL, HIL, Kochi Refinery, and HOC will join the strike. In the nationwide strike 11 trade unions like INTUC, CITU, AITUC, BMS and HMS will take part. It has raised 10 demands to the Centre including reigning inflation,\" said K N Gopinathan, district joint secretary, CITU.Buses, taxis, and autorickshaws will not ply as operators owing allegiance to various trade unions will strike work. Ferry service too will be affected as employees of Kerala Inland Navigation Corporation (KINCO) as well as private ferry services will participate in the strike.As three of the trade unions in Southern Railway have given notice for the strike, train services too will be affected. The casual workers in Cochin International Airport Limited will also strike work.The shops and commercial establishments will remain closed on the day. A section of the shop owners too have expressed solidarity with the striking employees. In the wake of low turnout of customers as well as workers, others will have to down the shutters. The civilian workers in Naval Armament Depot (NAD) have also given notice for strike.In the service sector, the functions of all the government offices including Ernakulam collectorate will be affected. Employees in the factories and firms functioning out of Cochin Special Economic Zone have decided to go on strike.The strike is mainly against the Union government's move to sell the shares of public sector undertakings and putting cap on gratuity, bonus and EPF.The trade unions have asked the government to amend the social security act for employees in the unorganized sector and hike the minimum wages to at least Rs 10,000 for all the workers in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12048925", "title": "Farmers put forth demands at the mahapanchayat", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of farmers from all across Rajasthan gathered at Udyog Maidan in the state capital on Saturday and held a kisan mahapanchayat to protest against the government's policies in agriculture sector.In the mahapanchayat called by senior BJP leader Rampal Jat, farmers demanded that the state government immediately address issues like fixing of minimum support price, compensation for the rabi crop that has perished due to weather conditions and regularization of the Gram Sewa Sahkari Samiti (GSS).We are very annoyed by government's apathy towards us. Till now no survey has been conducted to find out how much of the crop has been destroyed by extreme cold conditions. No action has been taken on our long-pending demand of fixing the minimum support price of our agricultural produce,\" said Rampal Jat.\"We want the regularization of 5,721 GSSs in the state to allow purchase of farm output round the year. Government should also announce relief packages for farmers for their stale produce. If our demands are not met in the coming budget session of the assembly, we will take strong steps against the government and will come on roads,\" added Jat.To mark their support, 15 BJP legislators, too, attended the rally. \"This is not a platform for party politics. We are here because we are concerned for the problems of our farmers,\" said one of the BJP MLAs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048938", "title": "Banking, transport to be hit by strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public sector banks and transport services like autos and taxis are likely to be affected from Monday night till Tuesday with trade unions announcing a 24-hour-long strike. The unions are said to be upset over constant price hike of commodities and non-implementation of labour laws.However, the transport sector, particularly autos, is quoting different reasons for calling the strike on the same day. The protest is against the state government having failed to comply with apex court's orders of issuing fresh permits for 45,000 new autos. Also, the government, they claimed, is yet to set up the long-promised welfare board that was to look into the rights of the private auto and taxi drivers.\"There is a long list of complaints that we have against the state government; but to start with, we want them to at least abide by the Supreme Court orders and issue fresh permits for taxis and autos. Also, we have been waiting for the government to set up the welfare board that was promised to us many years ago. The board was supposed to look into the needs and security of the families of the drivers in case of their death in a road accident,\" said Rajinder Soni, general secretary, Bharatiya Private Transport Mazdoor Mahasangh.The strike, however, does not include trucks, buses and other goods-carrying services. \"Trade unions of heavy vehicles like trucks and buses have no reason to be part of the strike as none of the issues affect them,\" said S P Singh, senior fellow of India Foundation of Transport Research and Training.A few major trade unions likely to participate in the strike are All India Trade Union, Centre of Indian Trade Union and Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12048694", "title": "Govt nod for $1bn Navy plane deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has finally approved the naval proposal to acquire nine advanced medium range maritime reconnaissance (MRMR) aircraft, which will cost upwards of $1 billion, to ensure Indian Ocean can be guarded against both conventional and terror threats.These MRMR planes will be in addition to the 12 long-range (LRMR) aircraft already being acquired for the Navy at a $3.1 billion price tag. After first inking the $2.1 billion contract in 2009 for eight Boeing-manufactured P-8I LRMR aircraft, which will be inducted in the 2013-2015 timeframe, the defence ministry is now finalizing the follow-on deal for four more such planes.The MRMR project got the \"acceptance of necessity'' from the Defence Acquisitions Council, chaired by A K Antony , last week, sources said. Several global aviation majors, ranging from American Boeing and Lockheed Martin to Swedish SAAB, French Dassault Aviation, Brazilian Embraer and European EADS are in contention for this big contract.The radar-packed MRMR planes, much like the LRMR ones, will be armed with deadly missiles, rockets and torpedoes for potent anti-warship and anti-submarine warfare. With an operating range of over 350 nautical miles, the multi-mission MRMR planes will be Navy's \"intelligent eyes and ears'' over Indian Ocean in the medium range.While the P-8Is, with an operating range of around 1,200 nautical miles, will patrol the outermost layer of India's three-tier maritime surveillance grid, Israeli spy drones like Heron and Searcher-II as well as Dorniers make up the innermost layer.India is really stepping up acquisition of its naval air assets as well as warships to take care of its primary area of strategic interest stretching from Persian Gulf to Malacca Strait. The country has a vast 5,422-km coastline, 1,197 islands and 2.01 million sq km of Exclusive Economic Zone to guard against all threats.India will spend around Rs 85,000 crore just on naval aviation over the next few years, sources said. This includes already-inked contracts for around Rs 28,000 crore, with another 16 to 17 firm proposals worth about Rs 18,000 crore in the pipeline.This includes the ongoing induction of 45 MiG-29K fighters, contracted from Russia for about $2 billion, which will operate from both the refurbished 44,570-tonne INS Vikramaditya (Admiral Gorshkov) and the 40,000-tonne indigenous aircraft carrier being constructed at Kochi.Then, American Sikorsky S70B and European NH-90 choppers are currently battling it out after field trials to grab the over Rs 2,000 crore initial contract for 16 multi-role helicopters. The Navy, in fact, is looking to induct 90 such helicopters, with both combat and search-and-rescue capabilities, to replace its older Sea King helicopters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12050345", "title": "Techie lands in trouble for conjugal con", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 32-year-old software engineer is absconding after landing in trouble on Sunday for trying to marry for a second time by hiding the fact of his first marriage.T Umeshwar Rao aka Umesh, a software engineer from Alkapuri Colony in Saroornagar, was to marry a girl from Madannapet on Sunday. He had got betrothed to her last year in May with the girl having no clue about his first marriage. But after discovering the truth, the girl's family lodged a complaint against him with Madannapet police who have now booked the software engineer for cheating.But, with Umesh absconding, his parents have lodged a missing complaint at the Saroornagar women's police station.According to police, Umesh fell in love with a girl in his neighbourhood and married her on October 23, 2008.However, the couple withheld news of this marriage from their families. After their secret wedding, Umesh went off to Ireland to pursue an MS in computer science , Madannapet inspector KN Suryaprakash said.Upon his return to the city in May 2011, Umesh's marriage was fixed with the girl who was a close relative from Madannapet. \"But when his first wife's family approached his parents, Umesh fled the scene. Meanwhile, learning of Umesh's marital status and how he had gone untraceable, the family of the Madannapet girl has lodged a complaint against him and a cheating case has been booked against Umesh under section 420 of the IPC.\"The girl's family said that he had taken Rs 5.5 lakh in cash and some gold jewellery at the time of their engagement,\" Madannapet police said. A man-hunt has been launched to nab Umesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "tiruvarur", "code": "12051669", "title": "165 held while trying to block railway track", "text": "TIRUVARUR: Restraining agitators from blocking the railway track in Tiruvarur railway junction, police arrested 165 members of the little-known Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI), who insisted upon the government to consider the proposal of laying a broad gauge (BG) railway track from Tiruvarur to Karaikudi here on Sunday.About 200 members of the SDPI, led by its state working committee member A Abubacker Siddique thronged the Tiruvarur station to block the railway track at 1.30 pm demanding to commence the long-pending BG conversion project between Tiruvarur and Karaikudi. However, police said they intercepted them before they blocked the railway track and arrested 165 persons.On the delay in the gauge conversion, Abubacker said that the train services between Mayiladuthurai and Karaikudi had been stopped on December 31, 2006 with a view to convert the metre gauge to broad gauge on the stretch connecting Tiruvarur and Thiruthuraipoondi. The Central government had also allocated Rs 404 crore for the project.The BG conversion work had commenced from Mayiladuthurai to Tiruvarur and it is likely to be completed shortly. Meanwhile, T R Baalu, chairman of the standing committee on railways had proposed a project of laying a BG track from Tiruvarur to Pattukottai connecting Needamangalam, Mannarkudi and Vadaseri.However, the conversion work between Tiruvarur and Karaikudi came to an abrupt halt, he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12048764", "title": "Govt to introduce CBCS system in law colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state's department of higher education is in the process of introducing choice-based credit system (CBCS) into all law colleges across Gujarat. State commissioner of higher education Jayanti Ravi announced this at Gujarat National Law University (GNLU) on Sunday.\"The system will be introduced at both the undergraduate and the postgraduate levels. The idea is to standardize the system of education in the state,\" said Ravi while speaking at the inaugural function of First Gujarat Law Colleges Conference on Constitutional Law at GNLU.CBCS was introduced in various disciplines of universities in the state. The system has a semester-based examining process and allows students to choose their subjects from a wide range of electives. The CBCS, which is being pushed by University Grants Commission (UGC), aims to completely revamp the present higher education system by providing elective credits to students who can opt for various inter-disciplinary courses. This means, a student studying economics will be able to take up a course in music, if he or she wishes to do so and vice-versa.Ravi said that the education department is working on methods of improving the quality of teachers in the state. The department will be developing books, teaching materials as well as teacher's training materials through the involvement of various teachers and students. \"There is a need for more qualified teachers as well as improvement of the quality of the existing teachers. Apart from developing books and teachers' training materials along with the help of teachers and students, we are also working towards developing a question bank,\" she said.Former acting Chief Justice of Gujarat high court B J Shethna, who inaugurated the conference, told students about accountability, misuses of judicial offices and corruption at various levels of judiciary.The event also saw the presence of state minister of law Pradeepsingh Jadeja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12050644", "title": "I will visit and wish BSY: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Whether he is invited or not, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will attend former CM B S Yeddyurappa's birthday bash on Monday. Making it clear, Gowda told mediapersons at the Bajpe airport in Mangalore on Sunday that he would meet Yeddyurappa on Monday. ''I will meet him to wish, and will pray his bright future,'' he said.He was on his way to Udupi to take part in the 13th day ceremony of V S Acharya, who passed away on February 14.Regarding the infighting in the state BJP unit, Gowda said, ''After the recent visit of central leaders and the discussions followed (chintan-manthan baitak), everything is peaceful in the state unit. No statements were made by anyone (against me) in those sessions.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12049180", "title": "Lingayats miffed with BJP treatment to BSY", "text": "MYSORE: Embattled former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's support may have dwindled in the BJP after the snub he got from the party leadership. But that's certainly not the case in case of Lingayat community and its mutts.Seers of Lingayat mutts and community heads whom The Times of India spoke to on Sunday were not only sympathetic to the former CM but were also furious with the treatment meted out to the beleaguered leader by the BJP.\"Though we do realize it is wrong to indulge in caste-based politics under present circumstances, it is inevitable for us and the community to support Yeddyurappa, who is facing the most difficult times in his political career,'' said Mallikarjuna Murugharjaendra Swamiji of Anandpur mutt.Many seers, including two of the five founding seats of Veerashaivism (Panchapeetha), openly declared that that the community will stand by Yeddyurappa, come what may.The seers' statements echoed the sentiments of the community, which is peeved at BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's remarks at the Chinthan-Manthan Baithak that individuals and caste mattered least for the BJP.\"Why did the BJP leadership not apply the same logic when it came to power for the first time south of the Vindhyas in 2008 assembly elections? Why did they opt for Yeddyurappa when there were other senior leaders on par with him?'' asked a seer of Panchapeetha criticizing BJP's \"use and throw policy\".\"Lingayats' support to Yeddyurappa has not happened overnight. Political awakening among Lingayats which began in the 1970s reached a crescendo in 2008 elections when Yeddyurappa was denied the CM's post as had been agreed to by JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy. When all other communities and caste groups are rallying behind their community leaders to get their share in politics, what is wrong if we follow suit?,'' asked Prasannarenuka Veerasomeshwara Raja Desikendra Shivacharya Swamiji and Channasiddarama Panditaradhya Shivacharya Swamiji of Rambhapuri and Srisaila peethas, respectively.Echoing similar sentiments, Shivalingeshwara Swamiji of Nidasosi mutt in Belgaum district and Chandrasehakar Shivacharya seer of Kashi peetha said: \"Lingayats who are in majority in the state voted for Yeddyurappa and not for BJP or RSS principles which are alien to Lingayat philosophy. Naturally the party has to respect the people's mandate. Also there is no alternative to Yeddyurappa for Lingayats at this juncture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12051298", "title": "Principals in Mumbai move to up security", "text": "MUMBAI: Troubling incidents of physical and sexual abuse of students on school campuses have prompted managements to create awareness among children and parents. Yet, such cases keep recurring, with the result that most parents wonder today where their children will be safe.PLAYGROUND Several cases of molestation and eve-teasing in school playgrounds have been witnessed in the city in the recent past. Principals say that while they ensure tight security, students manage to slip out. \"Students need to avoid interacting with strangers. And school authorities need to be extra careful when pupils are in school,\" said Neena Kalra, principal of Swadhyay Bhavan ICSE School in Matunga. Not wanting to take any chances, many schools have installed CCTV cameras on playgrounds, in classrooms and in corridors.SWIMMING POOL The Bandra police recently received a letter from the parents of a four-year-old girl, stating that a swimming instructor at St Stanislaus High School molested her during a training session. The school sacked the instructor, but the case gave rise to a new worry for managements and parents. \"Security is always available around pools, but students should ensure that they take training in a group. The slightest sign of misbehaviour on the part of the trainer or any other personnel should be reported,\" said the principal of a suburban school.SCHOOL BUS Most teaching and non-teaching staff of a school is hired by the management. When it comes bus drivers and bus cleaners, however, that decision, in most cases, lies with private bus owners, who take their pick without running a background check. \"We regularly ask our students if a bus cleaner or anyone else has misbehaved with them,\" said Rehana Salamat, principal of Anjuman-i-Islam Allana English High School. A few months ago, a suburban school suspended a Class X student for having an affair with a school bus conductor. \"She was not even remorseful when caught,\" said the principal. Many principals said that they are trying to create awareness among children as the first wall of protection against sexual abuse. But there is an urgent need to include older students, including boys, and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12050169", "title": "26 inmates missing from women protection home", "text": "VARANASI: The Prabhat Kumar Mahila Alpwas Grih (PKMAG), a women protection home run by an NGO in Indrapuri Colony in Ghazipur district, is in the eye of a storm as after conducting a surprise inspection, chief judicial magistrate (CJM) V K Azad ordered for a probe after finding that 26 inmates of this home are missing.On the behalf of Ghazipur district magistrate Lokesh M, district information officer S P Singh told TOI, \"The CJM had conducted a surprise inspection at PKMAG on February 24. During this inspection, he found that 30 women were enrolled in the register as inmates of the protection home. Out of them, only four could be found there while others were missing. Taking serious note of it, the CJM ordered the social welfare officer to probe into the matter and submit a report. According to officials, the protection home is sponsored by the Women Welfare Board and is being operated by an NGO.When the CJM inspected this home, he not only found that a large number of inmates were missing , but also detected massive irregularities in other record registers. After it he directed divisional commissioner A K Upadhyaya, Ghazipur DM Lokesh M and district social welfare officer to institute a high-level probe into the matter. The CJM has asked to produce the investigation report before his court within a month. However, when the divisional commissioner was contacted, he said that he had read this news in newspapers but had not got any formal information.He said that until the Ghazipur DM or divisional officials send the details, it was difficult to say anything in this regard. Initially, the Ghazipur DM also expressed his unawareness about the CJM's inspection and recommendation but after a few minutes, the district information officer of Ghazipur gave the details of CJM's inspection on behalf of the DM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12050246", "title": "Walls of army enclave heightened", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight months after the murder of a 13-year-old boy K Dilson, the height of compound wall across the officers' quarters on Flag Staff Road near Old Secretariat is being increased.The height has been raised to avoid trespassing by outsiders into the high security enclave area to pluck the almonds and mangoes.The whole stretch of the compound wall facing the Flag Staff Road is being renovated. \"The iron grille kept above the compound wall was removed and a new wall is being built. Anyone can peep through the iron grille by simply standing on the platform. Now, the wall has been raised to another one and a-half-feet. There are plans to fix the iron grille above the newly built wall. This would ensure no more infiltration by boys from Indira Gandhi Nagar located opposite to the Island Ground,\" an army official said.The renovation work, which has been outsourced, will be completed within a month, sources said.Dilson was mysteriously shot dead on July 3, 2011. The case was cracked a week later by the CB-CID and a retired Lt. Col. Ramaraj was arrested for having shot Dilson from the officers' quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12050643", "title": "Violence gives way to barbs in Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: After violence, it is turn of war of words. Kannur MP Sudhakaran has accused CPM of resorting to violence that is worse than Talibanism. He alleged that CPM district secretary P Jayarajan is involved in the murder of MYL activist Shukkoor on February 20.Sudhakaran said that Jayarajan showing the photo of a youth involved in the attack of CPM leaders and claiming it to be Shukkoor proves that he is involved in Shukkoor's murder.He also demanded that scientific methods should be used to find out whether the photograph shown by Jayarajan, claiming it to be that of Shukkoor, is original.Sudhakaran said despite the UDF coming to power in the state, the CPM is controlling the police force in many places, and this situation will change when the force will be reorganized.Meanwhile, Jayarajan, in a reply to IUML leaders complaint against police, said that IUML should approach chief minister on the issue.He also said there was no conspiracy in showing the photograph of a youth who came to block the vehicles of the leaders on Monday during their visit to Pattuvam. \"If the photograph that we showed was not of Abdul Shukoor, who was killed on the same day at Ariyil, then the IUML leaders should reveal as to who was that youth who came to block the vehicles,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12049452", "title": "Yellow revolution: Turmeric cultivation changes the face of poverty-ridden tribal landscape", "text": "Winds of change are silently sweeping through the tribal landscape of Jawahar and Mokhada, where 102 adivasi farmers have pooled in resources, labour and land in a unique agri-prenuership initiative that is set to shape the future of farming here.Tribal farmers from this poverty-striken belt-140 km from Thane-decided to strengthen their collective capabilities and have cultivated 100 tonnes of turmeric on 60 acres of farmland, which will be processed, packed and sold by their own cooperative farmers' society, recently registered under the cooperatives Act.The one-of-its kind initiative was conceived, planned and successfully brought into effect by Thane collector Abasaheb Jarhad and agriculture officer Rafiq Naikwadi. \"The process began in March last year when we held discussions with the farmers and convinced them to shift their crop pattern from the traditional rice to the more profitable turmeric. The land and the weather in this belt are appropriate for cultivation of good quality turmeric and if they could team up, it would be a profitable venture for all,\" said Jarhad.The farmers, who in the past had witnessed the IAS officer's sincerity to their cause as he had initiated wide-spread cultivation of mogra flower in the adivasi heartland resulting in immediate prosperity for the farmers, were more than willing to go with the plan.Groups of 20 farmers each were formed and district agriculture officers would take them for education and field trips to turmeric-growing pockets in Tamil Nadu, Satara, Sangli etc and were shown how farmers have prospered by taking up new cash crops. \"Traditionally, they are paddy growers and also cultivate finger millets, which fetch them an income that helps them barely meet their basic needs. With no industry to support their income, people from this belt would migrate to cities and work as labourers. To stop this, we decided to initiate new farm practices, which are not just sustainable but will uplift this most vulnerable group in our society,'' Jarhad told TOI.Money was secured from under the National Horticulture Mission, the district development council and the agriculture department to procure seeds, fertilizers and also to fund a boiler unit required for processing the turmeric.\"Earlier, these farmers would earn anywhere between Rs 5,000 and Rs 6,000 per acre but now with most having shifted to turmeric their income will rise to around Rs 1 lakh per acre,\" said Naikwadi.With no middlemen and liberal financial aid from the state's farm programmes, the haldai utpadaks (turmeric cultivators) of Jawahar and Mokhada have shown that the tribal agrarian landscape can be transformed into a profitable venture.\"The farmers will also process the turmeric into powder. Unlike other products which are adulterated, the powder prepared here will be pure. It will be sold under the brand of Tarapa-a traditional music instrument played by the tribes. The branding and marketing of the product will be carried out by the cultivators. The stock will be sold in the compound of state government offices from third week of March,\" Naikwadi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12050589", "title": "Youth saved from watery grave", "text": "MANGALORE: Alert divers rescued a 23-year-old youth, who almost ended up in a watery grave near Panambur beach here on Sunday. Deepak a resident of Idlimane Road in Hassan, who along with his family had come to the beach, managed by the Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project. Deepak was enjoying the waters when he was suddenly sucked away into the sea by rip current, common during high tide.Lifeguard in-charge Vasanth Salian told The Times of India that the beach had an unusually high number of tourists in the evening. The lifeguards, who swung into action in the nick of time, brought Deepak to the shore and gave him first aid. ''Deepak had taken in a lot of water and he recovered after some 15 to 20 minutes,'' Vasanth said, adding that the group from Hassan left after sometime. There have been no drowning deaths at Panambur beach since October 2009 when the last case was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12051139", "title": "'Plenty of opportunities for Indian firms in UK'", "text": "NASHIK: \"Indian industries have plenty of business opportunities in the United Kingdom (UK) if they are actively considering becoming a part of global supply chains,\" said TR Giridhar, senior trade and investment advisor of the United Kingdom Trade &amp; Investment (UKTI) branch of the British deputy high commission.Addressing industrialists from Nashik and across the state during a business conference on Sunday on 'Trade &amp; Investment opportunities in the UK', as part ofGiridhar said, \"There are a lot of business opportunities in the UK, and UKTI is providing support to Indian industries in doing business with companies there.\" The talk was a part of the industrial exhibition NIMA Index: 2012, organized by the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Assocaition (NIMA).\"In the UK, there are several business opportunities in the automotive, aerospace, life sciences, nano technology, foods, chemicals, health, space applications, environment, renewable energy, infrastructure, financial services, IT, financial businesses, hospitality, consumer services and creative industries sectors. There is also a wide scope in services sectors related to IT, hospitality, financial businesses and consumers services,\" he added.\"Indian industrialists, who wish to do business with industries in UK or Europe, have number of business opportunities if they are actively becoming a part of global supply chains. Besides, there are some companies who are planning to set up manufacturing units in India and are in looking for people who can help them setting up their plants in India. Some companies are also planning joint ventures with the Indian companies in the country,\" he said.Eighteen months ago, UKTI had taken the review of the industries in some select cities in India with an aim to make them a part of supply chains for the industries in United Kingdom.Around 50 entrepreneurs from Nashik participated at a business conference here. Giridhar also replied to the various queries of the entrepreneurs. NIMA had organized the business conference with an aim to provide business opportunities to the industries from Nashik in UK. The NIMA Index: 2012, the mega industrial exhibition is being held by NIMA at Dongare Hostel grounds, along Gangapur Road in Nashik city. The exhibition, which began on Friday, will conclude on Monday. During an expo, NIMA has organized several business programs for the development of the industry and Sunday's business conference was a part of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "station ghanpur (warangal)", "code": "12050264", "title": "Lettered leaders vie for vote", "text": "STATION GHANPUR (WARANGAL): Station Ghanpur, the constituency delimited in favour of SCs, has one of the lowest literacy levels in the state but its voters might draw consolation of a slight redemption in the choice of candidates the March 18 bypolls has thrown up for them.A doctor, a teacher and a graduate are the contestants who are vying for the popular mandate on behalf of the three main political parties viz. Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and Congress.Tatikonda Rajaiah quit his medical practice at Hanamkonda and entered politics to win the seat on a Congress ticket in the 2009 elections. This time he has joined the fray on a TRS ticket.His rival, TDP leader and former minister Kadiyam Srihari, the teacher who exchanged the lectern for the podium some two decades back, is trying his luck on a TDP ticket.Rajarapu Pratap, a graduate, is the Congess candidate. The literacy rate in the constituency hovers at around 50%. \"With literate politicians in the fray, we hope the people find the inspiration to pursue education in all seriousness,\" observed Ch Vijay, a degree student in Dharmasagar mandal.Rajaiah had last year tendered his resignation from the ruling party for the cause of a separate Telangana and joined TRS.This time, he is counting on the strong Telangana sentiment to see him through.Although he would still have to quell the challenge from Congress and TDP who are sparing no effort in exposing TRS leader K Chandrasekhar Rao's inconsistency on the separate statehood issue.Analysts said that the TDP ranks are buoyant with several disgruntled TRS workers having crossed over to Chandrababu Naidu's side.Srihari is already hot on the campaign trail and fancying his chances against Rajaiah. A total of 2,18,965 voters are expected to exercise their franchise in the mandals of Dharmasagar, Zaffargadh, Raghunathpally, Linghalaghanapur and Station Ghanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12049740", "title": "400 more radio cabs to hit roads", "text": "GURGAON: The city roads will soon see about 400 more radio taxis plying on them. The transport department has given the extended permission to the private radio taxi company which had launched the first radio cab service in the city.Radio taxi operator Super Cabz will be adding cabs in a phased manner over the next four months. The first batch, a fleet of 150 cars, will hit roads by March 31 followed by 100 taxis in April and 75 each in May and June, said Ankit Raghav, founder and CEO, Super Cabz.The company runs 100 radio cabs in the economy section in Gurgaon at present. Raghav said the growing need of alternate modes of transport in the city has led to a rise in demand for radio taxis. Based on an independent survey, there is a need of at least 15,000 cabs in the city, he added.The service infrastructure will be enhanced with more staff joining the car service control room, said Raghav. Complaint cells will be set up to provide better services to the commuters, while the fare slab of Rs 10 per kilometre will remain the same.Additional transport commissioner Bhupinder Singh said the company has been granted an extension as it had already fulfilled the first given quota. Once the company submits the bank guarantee and fulfills the other terms and conditions, a letter of interest of interest (LOI) will be issued to it.Besides, Apra Auto India may also launch radio taxi service in the coming months. The company has requested the transport department to re-validate its LOI which expired last year after the former failed to apply within stipulated time, Singh added. Apra was granted permission to run 120 cabs.Singh said the transport department has shortlisted as many as seven car operators to start service in Gurgaon but only two are operating at present while a third company has approached his office last week. Besides, Super Cabz, Quick Cabs are running 20 cars in the city, mainly catering to the corporate sector.When asked why the other shortlisted companies did not turn up, Singh said they were following 'wait and watch policy' to determine the feasibility of radio cab service in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12049407", "title": "\u2018Little Punjab\u2019 survives on charity in UK", "text": "LONDON: Near the Heathrow airport, underneath a motorway flyover dwells 'Little Punjab', a squalid community of illegal immigrants including Indians, who came here to fulfill their dreams but were reduced to a slum-life, according to a media report.More than 30 of them, can often be found there, in full view of pedestrians and traffic on the road that passes under the bridge, M4, sending vibrations through to the ground underneath, and less than 20 yards from the nearest houses.They are known as the Bridge Men of Heston. It's a breathtaking snapshot of what happens when dreams of forging a better life in Britain turn sour. A remarkable fact about many of those in 'Little Punjab' have been here for nearly two years, without being compelled to leave, and relying mostly on charity and goodwill to stay, the British newspaper reported.The police, the UK Border Agency and local authorities have long been aware of the Bridge Men of 'Little Punjab', which takes its nickname from Southall, widely known as Britain's Little India. A community leader was quoted as saying that the UK government and Indian high commission were \"well aware of the problem\", but added that \"everyone seems to have gone to sleep. No one does anything about it. If they are here legally, help them. If they are not, then help them get back.\"Although most Bridge Men are thought to be illegal immigrants, some are known to have come to Britain legally with visas, which have since expired. One of them arrived more than a decade ago as a teenager but lost his job and fell out with his family. Now his home is a sleeping bag. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12049499", "title": "Campaigning for 6th phase ends", "text": "LUCKNOW: Campaign for the sixth and penultimate phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly polls in 68 seats spread over 13 districts, including Ghaziabad and Gautam Buddha Nagar (Noida), came to an end today.The electioneering saw leaders of all political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD working hard to woo voters in the area popularly known as 'Jat land'.\"The polling will be be held on February 28,\" joint chief electoral officer Anita Meshram said. She said the districts where polling would be held on Tuesday are Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Baghpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra. pti\"More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes at 22,137 polling centres,\" she said.A total 1,103 candidates, including 1,017 male and 86 female, are in the fray in this phase.The JCEO said that to ensure free and fair elections adequate force, including central forces, would be deployed.This phase would decide the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) which has its stronghold in the western parts of the state.It would also decide the fate of youth face of RLD Jayant Chaudhary, Energy Minister Ramveer Upadhyaya, deputy leader of BJP Legislative Party Hukkum Singh and former minister Rajveer Singh, who is also son of former Chief Minister Kalyan Singh.Popularity of Rashid Masood, who left SP and joined Congress, would also be put to test in this phase as his nephew Imran Masood is in fray from Nakud seat in Saharanpur district.The February 28 polls would also test the impact of an appeal made by Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid Maulana Ahmad Bukahri in favour of SP as his son-in-law Umar Ali is in the fray for Behat seat in Saharanpur disrict.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12050451", "title": "Attempt of trafficking Katurli village girl foils", "text": "GONDIA: Yet another incident of women trafficking has come to fore in Katurli village of Amgaon tehsil. However, this time while being taken to Palkanda, MP, the girl escaped at Nagpur station and reported the matter to police. However, the customers too reportedly filed a complaint that they have been cheated.One Satyanarayan Chouhan (25) of village Palkhanda in Mandsor district of M P came to purchase a match for himself on February 5. He was accompanied by his two friends , Kailash Chouhan (30) and Suratsingh Chouhan (27) of village Panchwad of district Jalawad of Rajastan. All three of them stayed at Kailash's father in law's house in Amgaon.In the mean time, they contacted two touts, Keshao Lanjewar of Amgaon and Ashok Patle of village Mhali. They advised them to meet and negotiate for the girl in Gondia, instead of her village Katuarli, as if wouldn't be safe there. Both the parties came to Gondia on February 8 and the girl was accompanied by her mother and aunt. After seeing the girl the negotiations started and the deal was finalized at Rs 58,000, of which an advance of Rs 30,000 were paid to the touts, through Kailash's brother in law Khatole. The following day the youths, along with the girl, boarded the Chattisgarh Express (via Nagpur).They got down at Nagpur station to get food, along with girl. However, taking advantage of their relaxed attitude the girl escaped from their possession and reported the matter to the police, who escorted her back home.In the mean time, the youths informed the girl's parents that she has escaped, after which they went back home in the same train.However, the youths returned to Katurli on February 24 and were nabbed by the Amgaon police. But, now Satyanarayan Chouhan has become the complainant and the other two youths have become accused. The police are in search of the two ladies who played the role mother and aunt and the two touts Lanjewar and Patle. Offence has been registered under Section 420 and 409 IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051017", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay Rs 4 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding an insurance company guilty of deficiency in service, consumer forum has directed it to pay the insured amount of over Rs 4 lakh to the complainant. Besides, a fine of Rs 45,000 has also been slapped on the company.According to the complaint, Rashvinder Singh, resident of Fatehgarh Sahib, Punjab, had insured his car from IFFCO Tokyo General Insurance from their Sector 28 office in Chandigarh.\"The insurance policy was valid from August 19, 2009, to August 18, 2010. My car met with an accident in November 2009 in Amritsar and I intimated the insurance company regarding the same. They appointed an investigator and a surveyor to assess the loss and found the vehicle to be a case of total loss,\" said Singh.\"However, despite completing all formalities, the insurance company failed to settle the claim. I served a legal notice, but they did not respond so I was forced to approach the consumer forum,\" he added.During arguments, the counsel of the insurance company said complainant had not furnished the required documents and information to the surveyor while he was accessing the loss. They added that as the complainant failed to complete the required formalities and did not cooperate with the surveyor. Thus his claim could not be processed.After hearing the arguments, the consumer forum dismissed the plea of the insurance company and directed them to pay Rs 4.15 lakh as assessed by the surveyor and a compensation of Rs 45,000 to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050408", "title": "What made MSRTC blink on Mor Bhavan?", "text": "NAGPUR: What made Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), which had so far refused to let city bus operator use Mor Bhavan depot, budge? Apparently, it was discovery of documents by NMC and NIT that the corporation was obliged to let civic agencies use space at a number of plots allotted to it.Seeing that NMC and NIT would stake claim at all those places, MSRTC buckled. After a series of meetings, MSRTC agreed to give three of seven platforms at Mor Bhavan. The city bus operatorM/s Vansh Nimay Infra Projects has to pay rent for the platforms. PWD will decide the rate of rent.Sources in NMC said actually there was no need to pay the rent and NMC could also get places in MSRTC's two depots situated near Mokshadham and Pardi. A letter by NIT executive engineer to divisional controller, MSRTC, Nagpur Division, dated February 7, 2007, clearly mentions that the lands given to the MSRTC on lease at five places in the city were for bus stand and workshops. \"These lands are public utility lands and may not be used for any other purposes. The lands are to be made available by MSRTC to NMC and NIT, if required for city bus service. The space should be given on payment of proportionate ground rent and not rent,\" said the officer.Until this letter was produced, MSRTC was not following even chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad's prodding to resolve the issue. When municipal commissioner Jaiswal produced the NIT letter in the meeting, MSRTC officials realised they would end up losing a lot more than just Mor Bhavan if they stood their ground. So they agreed for compromise.NMC has still agreed to pay the rent as per rates decided by PWD just to settle various problems being faced by the city bus operator in running 470 Starbuses without any bus stand and depot. Following security threats to Starbuses, the operator has been parking the buses in historic Kasturchand Park since last one month.Actually, MSRTC is not utilizing the entire space given to it in many places. MSRTC began running buses to rural areas of Nagpur district from Mor Bhavan. But these were few in number and it had a lot of spare space at Mor Bhavan. Since NMC started demanding Mor Bhavan, MSRTC introduced services to other districts from here. It is utilizing less than half the space it has at Pardi depot.There were reports about MSRTC staffers striking work on Monday to protest the space being given to city buses at Mor Bhavan. Earlier too MSRTC has used employees' protest to keep city buses from using Mor Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12050981", "title": "Subways redefined: Where pedestrians fear to tread", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of which city have the luxury of relieving themselves in a Rs 35-lakh worth public toilet? Bangalore. Only that the said \"public toilet\" was actually intended to be a subway across Raj Bhavan Road near Basaveshwara Circle.The laxity of the civic administration in not having a guard to man the subway and keep it clean all the time and the lack of civic consciousness among average Bangaloreans have resulted in this subway becoming a public toilet, informally though.Subways and Bangaloreans don't seem to gel. Barring the ones near Majestic bus stand and KR Market, most subways in the city are in a decrepit condition.The subways at Nrupatunga Road at KR Circle, Sampige Road near Malleswaram Circle, Bellary Road near Hebbal and Shivajnagar may have escaped the fate of the Raj Bhavan Road subway. But they are certainly not used for the purposes they were set up.A reality check at these subways is an eye-opener . Two subways constructed near Malleswaram Circle have remained locked for five months due to the bad maintenance. The one in Shivajinagar too has remained locked for a long time. The one on Nrupathunga Road is a haven for miscreants and muggers during night, besides those attending nature's call during days.Saraswati Narayan, a high school teacher, said that police personnel must be deputed near the entrance of the subways to ensure security. \"How do you expect a girl to go into a subway without any security?\" she asked.The situation is no better in those subways where people dare to go as well. The subways at Majestic are teeming with people always for it is impossible to walk across the roads above.\"It stinks\" said Latha B, a resident of Tumkur and employee with a private firm in Bangalore. \"People spit in the corners and even urinate openly. At night, pimps operate with impunity,\" she alleged.Besides, most of the subway area is monopolized by vendors. \"It is hard to walk with vendors on both sides. Police take money from them and let them be there,\" said Ram Prasad, a student.BBMP officials though pass the buck when questioned about the state of subways . BT Ramesh, engineer-in-chief , BBMP, said it was the duty of the zonal engineers to maintain it. The official closed the matter by giving a curt assurance that the security will be looked into.TIMES VIEWWhat would you call a place packed with muggers, pimps, spit-filled walls and garbage , and reeking of a deadly stench? Definitely not a subway, that too on Raj Bhavan Road, one of the pride-of-Bangalore roads. It's a pity the Rs 35 lakh invested in this subway is going down the drain thanks to negligence. It's high time the BBMP got its act together, cleaned up the place and ensured we have a well-lit , user-friendly subway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12049240", "title": "Website to help a dipping Anglo Indian community", "text": "BANGALORE: Concerned with their dwindling numbers, members of Anglo-Indian community have come up with a tech-savvy solution to keep up their count. They have designed a matrimonial website which encourages youngsters to marry within the community.In the initial phase, the website will include only profiles of youngsters from Anglo Indian community, in particular those born of Anglo Indian fathers. Youngsters born to Anglo Indian mothers who have married outside the community will not be included at first.\"Our idea is to promote same-community marriage. Because our numbers are diminishing at an alarming rate, it would help if youngsters married within the community, and in turn, help the community retain its size,\" said Ursula Fosberry, president, Anglo Indian Guild, Bangalore.On Sunday, members of the Guild came together for a meeting with Charles Dias, Anglo-Indian representative of the community in the Lok Sabha. Among other things, they discussed the feasibility of establishing this central matrimonial bureau. They talked about better co-ordination of Anglo-Indian organizations and how to form a Federation of the Association.Seniors in the community are a worried lot. Over the past few years, the Anglo Indians' count in the city has taken a dip, and now stands at 3,500 families. With an average four members in each family, the total community count is not too great. In the country, the Anglo Indian community count stands at 4.5 lakh people.Sixteen people from Bangalore are registered users of this website. Community seniors are not too keen on sharing the website details either. \"It's not so popular and we will ensure that only interested people come forward and register themselves here,\" said Fosberry.It is learnt that youngsters of marriageable age who have moved out of the city or country from Bangalore have often married outside the community, something that has not gone down well with the seniors.Once this website gets popular, users can log on to it to search for their prospective life partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049803", "title": "\u2018Not publishing RTI info cost activist his life'", "text": "MUMBAI: The killers of the RTI activist from Virar, Premkant Jha, could be professional shooters who carried out the job, without attracting public attention, the police said. They have detained two suspects but are yet to make a breakthrough.Jha, who worked for an anti-corruption organization, had filed RTI queries, seeking details of several construction projects in Vasai-Virar, which allegedly had largescale irregularities. Jha never made his findings public, but the data collected allegedly revealed the wrongdoings of several builders, politicians and government officials who were reportedly upset with him. RTI activists told TOI that it was the very act of not putting the findings in public domain that cost Jha his life. \"The best way RTI activists can be safe is to make their data public. Then, the person/people who have been exposed will be cautious before thinking of harming the activist,\" said activist Krishnaraj Rao.Jha's family also told the police that he had been receiving threat calls but did not lodge a complaint. They said they were aware of Jha's fight against the land mafia but had never discussed the cases.On Friday, the watchman of Jha's building spotted him lying unconscious in front of the building. The guard alerted Jha's family who admitted him to hospital where he died. An autopsy showed that a bullet had pierced his forehead.Echoing Rao, another RTI activist, Kamlakar Shenoy, also said any information collected through the RTI Act should be published so that no one could doubt that the activist himself would use the data for personal gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12052144", "title": "At 54.6cm, Nepalese man is shortest ever", "text": "KATHMANDU: A Nepalese man was declared the shortest person ever with a height of 21.5 inches (54.60cm), beating the previous record of 22.5 inches (57 cm) held by Gul Mohammed of India.Chandra Bahadur Dangi, 72, was also declared the world's shortest living man on Sunday by Guinness World Record after taking his standing height three times over the last 24 hours. Jurney Balawing from Philippines , who is 23.5 inches (59.93 cm), was the previous shortest living man. \"I am happy to get the title,\" Dangi said after he was awarded the two Guinness certificates.Dangi also holds the distinction of the oldest man measured ever, according to Guinness official Craig Glenday , who flew from London for the measurement.His citizenship paper records him to be 72 years old, but the Guinness official said that it was impossible to verify that. \"It is unlikely that he is not 72 because of his bone density,\" he added. Dangi was measured by two medical experts but it is unclear what kind of dwarfism he suffers from, Glenday said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050669", "title": "Govt wants all special children educated", "text": "The government has taken a serious note of a survey highlighting that about 300 special children of the city have been left out of the school network. Quoting the survey at 'Taare Zameen Par', a cultural programme for special children here on Sunday, district minister and medical education minister S A Ramdas said 288 special children do not have access to schools. Of the 1,184 special children, only 896 are attending schools. ''This is alarming,'' he said, adding that efforts will be made to help the rest get elementary education.They will be made to join school from the next academic year.The minister said special children should be educated so as to empower them. ''The district administration is duty-bound to ensure education to all children. He asked the officials of women and child welfare department to identify children who are not going to school and convince their parents to send them to schools, even if they are unwilling. He also directed the officials to ensure that no school denies them admission.Referring to 670 children who took part in the event, Ramdas said such events help them shun inhibition and join the mainstream. He assured their families houses under Ashraya Scheme. He sought the assistance of NGOs and service organizations to help the government identify deserving families.Children from 11 schools of the city participated in 'Taare Zameen Par', vying for honours in sports, literary and cultural events. Ramdas joined the kids while they danced to a film song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12051359", "title": "Years pass by, dream makeover sleeps on", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents' need for a picnic spot or a place to unwind from their mundane activities would have been fulfilled if the announced landscaping project along the Sidhwan Canal had taken off. Beautification and landscaping of the neglected green belt from Ferozepur Road bridge till Gill Road bridge was announced in 2010 when construction of southern bypass was started along the canal. However, more than a year since the announcement the public works department (PWD) has not even allotted tenders for the project. Meanwhile, residents of the industrial hub that is the richest city of Punjab don't have a nice outdoor place they can visit and enjoy.Tenders for landscaping of Sidhwan Canal - seating arrangement, setting up fountains, waterfalls and pathways - were called twice but PWD department could not allot the task either times. Sub-divisional officer of horticulture branch of PWD (B&R;) said, \"Earlier we were not getting response from any agency for its landscaping work and now due to election code of conduct we are unable to float the tenders again. Hopefully after the election code lifts we will allot the work.''Sources said officials had estimated an expenditure of Rs 18 crore on landscaping work but received response from one agency for Rs 26 crore so they decided to cancel the contract first time. The second time the tender was called, there was no response.Notably, this green stretch was under the MC but they failed to develop it for public use. Paying the cost of inefficient authorities, residents demand beautification of the stretch at the earliest. \"In city we do not have any place where we can sit and get relief from our routine lives because public parks are not in good shape and it is difficult to visit malls all the time. Authorities should complete landscaping work along the canal,'' said Damanpreet Singh, a student staying in Jammu Colony.Model Town-resident Amarjit Singh, a businessman, said, \"Though boundary walls have been constructed at some points, the parks are lying in utter neglect providing a haven for miscreants. The fountains and lights in the parks have been stolen and nobody is there to pay attention towards the condition of the green belt.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050473", "title": "Doctors, parents, teachers, kids agree on limiting internet use", "text": "NAGPUR: The present age is frequently referred to as the ICE (information, communication, entertainment) age, but most grown ups believe this makes for over exposure of kids to media. Sunday saw several doctors, parents and teachers discuss this with some youngsters, to highlight the ills of excessive media consumption and find some ways to deal with it.On the occasion, city paediatricians also launched MITRA (Media and Internet Tackling through Rationality and Awareness), a programme designed to make kids aware of the ills of social media.National president-elect of Indian Academy of Paediatrics Dr CP Bansal, Pune-based paediatrician Dr Pramod Jog, and counsellors of Adolescent Health Academy Dr Nishikant Kotwal and Dr Rajendra Patil took part in the panel discussion. Teacher Rucha Halde represented parents while educationist Abha Meghe spoke for teachers. The younger generation was represented by schoolchildren Adarsh Sharma and Anjali Wankhede.Quoting some shocking government figures and instances, Dr Bansal discussed how media has become a super peer for children. He believed that the breakdown of the family structure from a joint to nuclear family, and separated couples have made things worse for kids today.\"This is also related to the changing social role of women in society. Another disturbing trend is the increasing use of sexually expletive language by young adults. This mostly goes unnoticed as the easy accessibility of internet, and especially social networking sites, is not monitored by most parents,\" he said.Dr Jog agreed, saying, \"It may be difficult for parents to stop children form logging on to these sites, but there may be some special supervised groups to which they should be exposed. Internet hampers the development of children in terms of expression and creative abilities.\"Parents as well as teachers believe there needs to be a restriction on use of internet, as it tends to spoon feed information and doesn't let students think for themselves. The youngsters tried to defend the use of internet as being a necessity of their times and lauding the medium for all the purposes it serves. They did, however, agree that sometime they do overindulge and this may create problems. They agreed that restricting media consumption would give them more time for other things.Doctors suggested that parents should spend more time with children, setting and following domestic rules, like not allowing the use of mobile phones or internet beyond a time or inside bedrooms. Other solutions include inclusion of internet safety in school curriculum, and teachers sharing the responsibility with parents. It was also suggested that parents should demonstrate the behaviour they expect from youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12050430", "title": "Oscar movies get lukewarm response in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the Oscar season is rising to a fever pitch, the movies nominated for the big day have hardly had any takers in the city.Even movies starring Hollywood heartthrobs Brad Pitt and George Clooney have failed to work up any enthusiasm among movie goers with nominated movies running to empty chairs in Kochi multiplexes.So far only three of the 12 Oscar nominated movies have made its way to Kerala. Two of the multiplexes in the city have been screening - The Descendants, The Artist and Money Ball.The Artist, one of the strongest contenders with 10 nominations under its belt, has reported an average 4% of seat occupancy.\"Of the lot, George Clooney's The Descendants seems to have better response than the other two, with families coming in for it,\" noted Shanthan, unit manager at Q Cinemas, one of the multiplex chains in the city.\"Normally, the bigger the stars, the better is its success. But this time, it wasn't the case. For the Brad Pitt starrer Money Ball, only a handful of people have come so far,\" observed Vidya P, an official at the Cinemax multiplex. The seat occupancy in theatres has been on an average of 10 to 22% for both these star-studded movies, according to a source.The inability of various distribution chains to penetrate tier-two cities and single-screen cinema houses in the city has also contributed to the lukewarm reception of Oscar movies.\"It's not just for these movies. Hardly any English movies these days break even after their release in Kerala. The ones which did well were the action flicks belonging to the league of Mission Impossible and James Bond ,\" says Ram Kumar, manager of Shenoy group of theatres in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12050048", "title": "TMC leader handed wrong blood report", "text": "MALDA: A Trinamool Congress leader lodged a complaint against a premier pathological clinic of Malda after he was allegedly handed a wrong blood report.Though the allegation was refuted by the laboratory authorities, but the health department has promised to look into the matter.District youth Trinamool Congress leader Ananta Chakraborty fell sick on February 19and was admitted to Malda district hospital. Doctors suspecting a poor heart condition advised him to get a blood test done. Thus, Chakraborty was asked to deposit contacted the pathological centre.The next morning, a person from the centre arrived at the hospital and told the patient that Rs 570 had to be deposited before the blood test. In the afternoon, when his relatives went to the clinic to deposit the money, they were handed Chakraborty's report. This surprised them as nobody had collected Chakraborty's blood sample. \"Nobody came to collect my blood sample,\" said an appalled Chakraborty.On February 21, Chakraborty lodged a complaint against the centreat the English Bazaar police station. The laboratory authorities, however, denied all allegations as 'impossible'.Though the allegation was refuted by the laboratory authorities, but the health department has promised to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12049983", "title": "Suspended liquor licences rises to 30", "text": "PANAJI: The state excise department has suspended 9 licenses of establishments selling liquor for violation of license conditions under the Excise Act.The department has suspended the license of Marshall Rodrigues (Milton bar and restaurant) Mapusa; Domingos Correia (Fun for all) Tonca; Pravin Mandrekar (Satyabhama wine store) Assagao; Kiran Naik, Old Goa; Vinod Kalangutkar (Moon Bay bar and restaurant) Bardez; Purshottam Shirodkar (Shirodkar wine store) Bardez; Octavino Advais (Manik bar and restaurant) Calangute; Sneha Salgaonkar (Salmon Fresh food) Caranzalem and Vinayaka Liquors pvt ltd, Ponda.With the latest suspensions, the number of licenses suspended by the department in the past two months has risen to 30. Excise commissioner P S Reddy said the licenses were suspended for violations such as non-maintenance of accounts of liquor transactions, selling of liquor beyond permitted hours, illegal sale etc. The hearings are expected after the state assembly elections results on March 6. tnnA decision on the licenses of the 21 liquor selling establishments will be taken only after personal hearings to all the license holders where the department will decide whether to impose a fine or cancel the licenses.The excise department had suspended the licenses of 14 liquor selling establishments across the state on February 14 and 15 for violation of the excise act and license conditions. A further seven licenses were suspended on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "12050008", "title": "Sri Lanka detains 22 fishermen", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Even as fishermen in Rameswaram are gearing up the St Antony's festival in Katchatheevu islet, the Sri Lankan Navy has shocked the fishing community by detaining 22 of them, off the controversial islet in Palk Bay late on Saturday night.The fishermen are kept in a transit camp at Talaimannar, said a state fisheries officer. The Sri Lankan Navy had also seized five mechanised boats of the fishermen. \"We will get the official report on the detention by Monday morning. We hope that the fishermen would be released the same day itself,\" said a state fisheries department official.Fishermen from various fishing hamlets in Ramanathapuram set out for the sea on Saturday morning in 620 mechanised boats. The fishers, hailing from Thangachimadam and Rameswaram areas had cast their nets near the Katchatheevu islet and were fishing there around midnight. It was then that a flotilla of Sri Lankan vessels arrived at the spot.While fishermen in most of the boats who spotted the flotilla scattered from the area, the Sri Lankan Navy rounded up five boats including that of one Jaisingh from Thangachimadam. They then detained 22 persons in the five boats and took them away to Talaimannar. Fellow fishermen rushed to the coast in the early hours of Sunday to inform about the detention to the fisheries officials and police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12050609", "title": "Four injured in clash", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Four persons, including three CPM workers and one BJP worker, were injured in a political clash at Nedumannur near Kayakkodi, on Sunday evening. Three of the CPM workers - M Shaji (30), C Chandran (46) and KP Babu (45) - who were stabbed in the clash were later shifted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital. The BJP worker was admitted to the Nadapuram Government Hospital.According to the Police, the incident erupted when a group of CPM workers attacked Nedumannur native K Shaji, a BJP worker, when he was working at a house in his neighbourhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12056775", "title": "Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has updated its pen-and touch-capable series of tablets with the addition of Galaxy Note 10.1. Unveiled at the ongoing Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Galaxy Note 10.1 features a big 10.1-inch screen with 1280 x 800 touchscreen.Powered by a dual-core 1.4GHz processor, Galaxy Note 10.1 packs a 1GB RAM, Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with TouchWiz user interface, 3 megapixel rear camera, 2 megapixel front camera for video calls, internal 16GB/32GB/64GB memory with a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion.The tab also offers support for HSPA, Bluetooth 3.0, Wi-Fi and GPS. Galaxy Note 10.1 will also include a stylus or an S-Pen (Advanced smart pen) similar to the one found in 5.3-inch Galaxy Note. Samsung has also added Adobe Photoshop Touch and Adobe Ideas for photo editing and drawing on the tab.Samsung has not revealed any pricing and availability details.Samsung had launched Galaxy Note in November 2011, a hybrid between a smartphone and a tablet. Galaxy Note runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread, sports a 5.3-inch Super AMOLED screen and comes with a capacitive stylus called S Pen. It is powered by a 1.4 GHz dual-core processor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12054594", "title": "China's objection to Arunachal Pradesh visit most unfortunate: A K Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Monday slammed China for raising objections to his visit to Arunachal Pradesh, describing Beijing's comments on the issue as \"most unfortunate\" and \"really objectionable\".He said Arunachal is an integral part of India as Jammu and Kashmir and as defence minister it is his right and duty to visit the state, which has recently celebrated 25th anniversary of its statehood.\"I was surprised to see such a reaction. I feel it is most unfortunate and, at the same time, it is really objectionable,\" he told reporters here.His comments came as China reacted sharply to Antony's visit to Arunachal Pradesh for its statehood celebrations and said India should refrain from taking any action that could \"complicate\" the border issue.Antony said it was his right as defence minister to visit all border states.\"I have been visiting Arunachal since 1984. This time, I was thrilled to visit the state on its silver jubilee of attaining statehood,\" he said, adding the state has achieved progress.He said he was happy about the progress of the state and, at the same time, he felt that one has to give full support to it.Asked about Pakistan's objection to induction of nuclear submarines by India, he said New Delhi is strengthening its capabilities to protect its security and not for confronting anybody.He said whatever steps have to be taken to ensure country's security in the emerging security scenario, India will take it.Recently, Pakistan Navy chief Admiral Asif Sandilahad had said that induction of nuclear submarines by the Indian Navy was a cause of great concern and his country was taking steps to restore strategic balance in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050351", "title": "Second opinion urged prior to further digging", "text": "The resistivity survey showed zero reading at four points in the same spot identified by the archaeology department, indicating presence of a cavity or hollow structure. Similar readings were obtained at the bunker in Home Science College, NMDC officials said indicating that the structure located at 15 to 18 metres beneath the surface could be an old bunker.It is learnt that NMDC would now recommend to archaeology officials to not start digging for \"treasure\" till they have taken a second opinion on the findings.An NMDC team will do a final analysis of its data in the next two days and the report will be submitted to the archaeological department on Wednesday. The competent authorities to offer a second opinion on the NMDC survey would, it was learnt, be the National Geophysical Research Institute.NMDC officials also said that the search for precious stones like diamonds is a process that usually takes at least an year or two to complete. \"We cannot find anything in a hurry,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12050464", "title": "Package GR does not benefit paddy farmers: Patle", "text": "BHANDARA: \"The state has announced a package of Rs 2,000 crore for farmers including paddy growing farmers. But the government resolution issued in this regard is disappointing. Paddy growing farmers won't benefit from the package,\" said BJP district chief and former MO Shishupal Patle in a press conference here on Saturday. He added that BJP has decided to burn copies of the GR in public to protest the move. Former MLA Madhukar Kukade was also present during the press meet.Shishupal Patle further said that paddy growing farmers of the district are passing through a financial crisis, their farm produce is given meagre rate leading to a loss of Rs 30, 729 for per hectare. As per minimum support price the farmer is gets only Rs 32, 400 while the cost of production is Rs 63,000 for 30 quintal of paddy per hectare, he added.This issue was raised in the winter session of state legislature in Nagpur by BJP MLAs Nana Patole, Pasha Patel, Dr Khushal Bopche. State government then considered their demand and the chief minister had announced a package of Rs 2,000 crore for soyabean, cotton and paddy growing farmers of the state.However, when the GR for the package was issued, the conditions laid down in it for paddy growing farmers to benefit from the package are not possible for single farmer of the district to fulfil.\"The GR is draconian. Hence we have decided to burn its copies publicly. Suitable amendments should be made in the GR so that paddy growing farmers of the district will be benefited and they should be made before the commencement of budget session of state legislature beginning next month,\" demanded Patle.BJP plans to organize a campaign to create awareness among farmers of the district about the GR which will begin from Chulhad village of Tumsar taluka on March1 under the leadership of Patle. BJP MLA Nana Patole will officially launch the campaign which will conclude at Paoni. MLA Pasha Patel, Nana Patole and other office bearers of the party will also be present at the concluding function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12050959", "title": "Bhopal biker wins national bike race", "text": "INDORE: Bike lovers in the city had a gala time on Sunday witnessing over 200 bikers from across the country in the national bike racing contest held at the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Sport Complex here.The first prize in expert category was bagged by Mohd Nazim of Bhopal while Jagjeet Singh from Mumbai bagged the second prize and Muzaffer Ali was placed third.Around 100 bikers from different class qualified for the final round held. The race was divided into different categories- four stroke expert class, open expert class, two stroke novice class, four stroke novice class, open novice class, gearless scooter class, beginners and stunts riders. Each category had around 10 finalists who competed for the title.\"This is second time we have organized bike racing contest in the city that aims to provide a platform to the bike racers of the country,\" said Ateeque Khan organizer. He said that earlier they used to have a separate contest for bike stunts but this time they were also included in the national racing event.First prize in expert category goes to Mohd Nazim of Bhopal, Jagjeet Singh from Mumbai bagged second prize and Muzaffer Ali was third.The group has been organizing several sports in the state including motor sport, mud race etc, said Ateeque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12051101", "title": "Short cuts", "text": "'Office politics necessary for career advancement'Many employees may not agree upfront, but office politics is a necessary evil for career growth, a survey has revealed. More than half of workers interviewed for the survey by staffing firm Robert Half International said that involvement in office politics is at least somewhat necessary to get ahead in career. \"There is some degree of politics at play in virtually every organization. The savviest professionals practice workplace diplomacy,\" Max Messmer, CEO of Robert Half International, was quoted as saying.Anti-psychotic drugs tied to dementiaResearchers have claimed that some anti-psychotic drugs may actually be harmful for dementia patients as these could raise their death risk. The drugs have a powerful sedative effect so are often used when dementia patients become aggressive or distressed. Now, a new research, led by Harvard Medical School , has claimed that anti-psychotics shouldn't be used \"in the absence of clear need\" , the British Medical Journal' reported.'Spider looks bigger if you fear it'Well, the more you fear a spider the bigger it will appear to be, says a new study. In a study of arachnophobes, researchers at the Ohio State University have found that the worse their condition, the larger they estimated the creepy crawlie's size. \"If one is afraid of spiders, one tends to perceive them as bigger than they really are, that may feed the fear, foster the fear, and make it difficult to overcome,\" Prof Michael Vasey, who led the team, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12050997", "title": "Candle march by PGI employees", "text": "The PGI employees union will rope in faculty and non-faculty staff associations to participate in the candle march to be taken out on February 28 in Sector 17 against the re-employment of S S Saini, former private secretary of the former director Prof K K Talwar.Poor response: The four-day state-level painting workshop and exhibition organized by Haryana Kala Parishad at Yavnika open theatre, Sector 5, Panchkula, evoked rather discouraging response on Sunday as most audience preferred to watch rehearsals of the fashion show.Tech Zeal: The department of computer applications of Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11, organized Tech Zeal, a kaleidoscope of inter-college competitions. Over 300 students from more than 20 colleges of the region participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12051657", "title": "Duo create national records in cube contest", "text": "TRICHY: A 11th standard student of Trichy's Montfort School and a second year engineering student of NIT-K Suratkal earned laurels by created five of the six national records (four in the average and two in single solving) in the cube solving open competition on the concluding day of the 8th edition of the National Institute of Technology, Trichy's Pragyan-2012 a techno-management event.The mind-boggling game of cube which calls for a sharp analytical mind coupled with the dexterity of fingers was played out in eight disciplines: 2X2, 3X3, 3X3 OH (one hand) 3X3 blindfolded, 4X4, 5X5, Pyraminx (pyramid-shaped cube having only four sides and six edges) and Square-1.Fifteen-year-old Bernett Orlando of Montfort School solved the 3X3 cube scramble in a record 12.04 seconds. Interestingly, Bernett had created a national record in the same discipline first at IIT-Chennai last year by solving the cube in 13.48 seconds. But the record was broken by Prashant, a student of Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute, Mumbai on February 4 this year, as he solved the cube in 12.54 seconds. Bernett created another national record by solving the 3X3 cube single solving in 10.27 seconds as against the existing record of 10.84 seconds.In the 2X2 cube solving competition, Manasij Venkatesh from NIT-K Suratkal clocked it in a record 4.17 seconds beating the current national record that was achieved in 4.18 seconds. Manasij also bagged the 3X3 cube blindfolded competition by solving it in one minute 49 seconds, a new national record. Manasij told TOI that he had improved a lot since he had solved the same game in one minute 54 seconds last October at an event in his own college.The Pyraminx cube solving was bagged by Swaminathan Chandrasekharan, a second year student of MIT-Chrompet who won the game for the first time. Swaminathan told TOI that he learnt the intricacies of the game from his mentor Bhargav Narasimhan of Vels University, Pallavaram who himself created a national record by clocking the 3X3 OH (one hand) competition by an average of 23.06 seconds. Meanwhile, Manasij had created another national record in the single solving event of the same 3X3 OH by clocking a single in 17.71 seconds.Bernett Orlando who had been the world champion from 2007 to 2010 did not participate in the 2011 event as he concentrated on his 10th board exams. He also won the 4X4 and 5X5, and Square-1 disciplines and became the all round star of the event having won five games and creating two national records.Bernett's father John Louis, the only Indian delegate for the World Cube Association told TOI that winning a cube competition gave the students a sense of confidence, gave them a creative bend of mind and weaned them away from the soaps of the idiot box.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12050618", "title": "Decks cleared for granting parole to Marad riot convicts", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Decks have been cleared for granting parole for the convicts in the Marad violence, who are now lodged in the Kannur Central Prison.ADGP (Prisons) Alexander Jacob said the prison advisory committee, which met in Kannur two days ago, recommended that 104 persons in the jail be granted parole.Of this 52 persons are the convicts in the incidents of violence in Marad. As many as 104 persons were denied parole because of adverse remark from the police, though the jail superintendent, the doctor, and the probation officer had sent reports in their favour. \"We will send the recommendation to the government which will take a final decision,\" he said.Those who are in the list prepared by the advisory board include both Hindus and Muslims. The leaders of the Marad Araya Samajam and Mahal committee had approached the chief minister Oommen Chandy with the request to grant parole for the convicts.The joint move for getting parole for the convicts began around one year ago when it was realized that opposition to parole from one side would jeopardize the chances of all.Initially, the Sang Parivar leadership was against the move, but it had to give in before the pressure from the families of those in jail. It is learnt that heated debates occurred at the meetings of the Araya Samajam over joining hands with the other side on the issue of parole.As many as 14 persons were killed in the two incidents of violence occurred in Marad in 2001 and 2003. Thus far more than 100 persons have been convicted in various cases related to both the incidents, which included murders, attempted murders and arson by the special additional sessions court and special magistrate court. Majority have been lodged in the Kannur Central Prison while some are housed at the Central Prison, Viyyur, in Thrissur.Police had reservations in granting parole to the convicts in the Marad cases because they thought it would adversely affect the existing peace in the area. It is the objection from the police and intelligence agencies that came in the way of granting parole for the convicts. But the political decision will finally prevail over the stand taken by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12048899", "title": "Fortified for poll, but rapists run amok in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Even as Noida police are on high alert with less than 48 hours left for the satellite township to go to polls, it seems security is not up to the mark. The alleged gangrape of a minor in a moving car has highlighted the crumbling law and order situation.The district police claim to have put up a top-of-the-line security plan in place for the polls scheduled for February 28, with 32 Provincial Armed Constabulary companies and other paramilitary forces; 486 sub-inspectors; 314 head constables; 2,452 constables; 2,640 home guards; and 342 private guards to help them conduct trouble-free elections. Cops claim that they have taken every possible step to ensure that the elections proceed without any problems while deploying this mammoth force to ensure free and fair elections. They have also distributed about 10,000 red and yellow identity cards to those who are politically active and those with criminal intent in order to rein in the troublemakers.But the gangrape of the girl has left the cops without answers.When asked about how such an incident could occur with numerous police check posts throughout the city, superintendent of police Anant Dev Tiwari brazenly claimed that the police force in the city is numerically incapable of tracking everyone in the city. \"Noida has a huge population and our police force cannot keep an eye on each and every person and their activities,\" Tiwari said. This irresponsible claim by the city police's apex officer was followed by a callous disclosure of the victim's address and background at a press conference.The occurrence of such an incident in the heart of the city with such heavy deployment of security forces makes one wonder how safe it actually is to be in the city. \"It was shocking to hear of such an incidence taking place right in our midst. There are so many police check points and so many patrol cars on duty. It beats logic as to how this horrifying incident could happen with so many cops around. I will dread to venture out of home after dark,\" said Tanushree Singh, a software professional in the city.The fact that the accused were not hardened criminals but young men whom the girl knew has thrown up several questions regarding how such youngsters could drive through the city in the evening without even having the fear of being caught. \"If 20-year-olds can bypass security, it frightens me to imagine what hardened criminals could do,\" said Faraz Ahmad, a resident of Sector 14A.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12049554", "title": "In poll frenzy, BJP parks on unfinished agenda", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP is planning to field fresh candidates in the upcoming municipal polls to neutralize the strong anti-incumbency factor. But this has not gone down well with several sitting councilors of the party.The message at the BJP workers' rally at Ramlila Maidan on Sunday was loud and clear-don't work against the party if you don't get a ticket.\"There will be more than one candidate in each ward, but the ticket can only be given to one person. A lot of factors are taken into consideration before finalizing the candidates. But this should not discourage party workers, who have failed to get the party's nod to contest the polls. The party will reward you in some way. Those who do not get a ticket often gang up and work against the party candidate in the area. In doing so they harm the party's prospects too,'' said BJP leader Sushma Swaraj, while address a gathering of 10,000 people at Ramlila Maidan.At the Viajy Sankalp Diwas celebrations, senior BJP leaders asked party workers to prepare for the upcoming MCD polls. The BJP cadre pledged to work hard for the upcoming polls to ensure the party's return to power not only in the three corporations but also in the state and the Centre.Party sources said BJP is confident of a win in the municipal elections and is also hoping to make a comeback in the Delhi assembly after a 15-year hiatus banking on the fact that Congress has been rocked by several corruption cases in the recent past.\"Thanks to Congress, the political winds are blowing in our favour. And we should use this opportunity. If we lose this time around it will be due to our shortcomings,'' said BJP leader LK Advani.While Swaraj said the mood in the country is in favour of BJP, she stressed the need for good electoral management to ensure a win. \"Congress has given us several issues like FDI, inflation, black money, reservation on religious grounds to talk about. You have to go out and discuss the issues with people and get them to the polling booths,'' she said. The rally was attended by Arun Jaitley, Vijay Goel, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta, leader of opposition in Delhi assembly VK Malhotra, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054659", "title": "John Abraham casts TV actors in his production", "text": "In his first production Vicky Donor, John Abraham introduces TV actors Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam on the big screen.Its known by now that John Abraham turns producer with Vicky Donor which he brings under his banner of JA Entertainment. And just in case you didn't know, John isn't acting in the film or even playing a cameo. He is happy being the producer.Rather he is upbeat about endorsing new talent in his maiden venture. Incidentally the lead pair in his film happens to be television actors. Well known actor and host Ayushmann Khurrana plays the male lead. And the female lead will be played by Yami Gautam. Yami has worked in TV serials like Yeh Pyaar Na Hoga Kam and Chand Ke Paar Chalo .Sources close to the film inform, \"In times when actors are insecure about competition, John Abraham is going all out and promoting new talent. Ayushmann is a popular name on TV and Yami Gautam has not only done television but has already acted in Telugu and Malayalam films\". Vicky Donor which is based on the subject of sperm donation is being directed by Shoojit Sirkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12050956", "title": "Braveheart Pervez back in business", "text": "BANGALORE: Pervez Ahmed is not one to rest on his laurels. The shop owner, who scrambled to wake up about 150 labourers who were fast asleep at Russell Market on noticing a fire in a few shops early on Saturday, was back in business 24 hours later.By Sunday daybreak, Pervez, also secretary of the Russell Market Vegetable Merchants' Association, and his partner had removed the charred debris from their shop and spread out gunny bags on the ground with veggies for buyers. Forty-year-old Pervez knows problems have just begun for his family of four. If BBMP decides to rebuild the market, he will be losing what is left of this shop as well. \"We don't know how long it takes to rebuild the market . We don't want money. As long as I'm able to sell vegetables out of this market, I'm fine. If we don't have that place, all will be lost.\"Pervez's sons Mohammed Adnan and Mahim go to school. Wife Saina was keen that he resumes business at the earliest. \"I had just arrived at the market (on Saturday morning) and was standing near a tea stall when one of my employees called me and began shouting 'thee, thee' (fire in Tamil). The first thing that came to my mind was labourers sleeping in the market,\" Pervez said.Getting the labourers out from the market was tough as Pervez knew many of them, mostly loading workers , would be sloshed and in deep sleep. \"I ran into market with others shouting 'fire' . We checked out all parts of the building, including under the tables, to ensure none had been left behind. Inshallah, nothing unfortunate happened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12043518", "title": "It was a fun-filled day in Pune", "text": "It was a fun-filled day for kids of a city orphanage when Neelam Seolekar, MD, The O Hotel Pune, hosted a tea party for them recently.The outing seemed to do a world of good for these kids, as they made new friends and played football , tug-of-war and lot of other games along with other kids. Looking satisfied Neelam said, \"It's very touching to see these children having a good time with other kids. Any change from mundane routine is really refreshing for these children.\" It was heartening to see kids making new friends and promising to keep up new friendships. The evening went off quite well as the kids were seen having a blast.Chocolate sandwiches in various shapes, pineapple cakes, chips, dhoklas etc were all part of the yummy menu, which kept the kids satiated. Volunteers from Germany were also a part of this get-together and were involved in all the entertaining activities. Also having a good time with the kids were Moushmi Sanas, Poula Cambi, Sarah Rocker, Laleh Busheri, Josephine Brinckmann and Elisa Bispinghoff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "there will be a power shutdown on tuesday,in the following areas", "code": "12050124", "title": "Power cut on Tuesday", "text": "There will be a power shutdown on Tuesday,in the following areas:Kadapperi Area: Nagalkeni, Nagappa Nagar, Chrompet, Nehru Nagar, ASthinapuram, Part of GST Road, Chitapalakam, Lakshmipuram, Thiruneermalai Road, Part of Sembakkam, Nemilichery, Radha Nagar, Kumurankundaram, MEPZ - I, II &amp; III.Spurtank Road Area: Egmore High Road, G I Road, Montieth Road &amp; lane, Pantheon Road &amp; lane, Sathiyamurthy Road, Part of Poonamallee Road, Casamajor Road, Halls Road, Sait colony, Spurtank Road, M.S.Nagar, Ethiraj salai &amp; lane.Enjambakkam area: Enjambakkam, Akkarai, Panaiyur, Uthandi, Cinnandikuppam, E.C.R., V.G.P., Ragas, Bethal Nagar, Vettuvankani.Triplicane area : Kamarajar Salai, Dr Besant Road, H.R.koil St, Ayothikuppam, Singarachari St, Sunkuwar St, V.R.Pillai St, South Mada St, T P koil St, B V Naidu St, Car St, Nalla Thambi St.Ice House area : Nadukuppam, Gajapathylala St, Irusappan St.Mylapore weSt area: Rotray Nagar, Duwaraga Nagar, Gokulam colony, Ragavanaicker Thottam, Mayandi colony.Mylapore eaSt area: P.V.koil St, V.S.V.koil St, Rakkiyappan St, Karaneeshwarar St, G.N.Chetty St.Panjetty area: Panjetty, Alinjivakkam, Thatchoor, Irulipattu, Peravellore, Ponneri, Keelmeni.SAF games village area: SAF Games Village, Jai Nagar all St, Pancali Amman koil St, Jagannathan Nagar, J.N.salai, Harihant, Triump, Sams court Apartments, Amaravathi Nagar, SVP Nagar, PH Road, Valluvar salai, Vinayagapuram, Thirukmarapuram, Chinmaya Nagar, Sakthi Nagar, Arumbakkam, Thiruveethi Amman koil St, Ambethkar St, Alagiri Nagar.Sholinganallur area: Sholinganallur, Semmenchery, Semmenchery TNSCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12050391", "title": "BSP to decide its stand in NMC today", "text": "NAGPUR: All eyes will be on the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on Monday as its state president Vilas Gharud is likely to take a final decision on whether to support BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) or the Congress-NCP or remain independent in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) house.BSP has become a star attraction in NMC by securing 12 seats. In 2002, BSP had nine seats but was reduced to four in 2007. Besides, NMC has become special for BSP as it won the highest seats here in the entire state. In the 10 municipal corporations that went to polls recently, BSP has won 25 seats, Nagpur 12, Amravati 6, Solapur 3, and two each in Thane and Ulhasnagar. The party failed to bag a single seat in Brihan Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and Akola.BJP has already managed to cobble together a majority to form a government in NMC. Still, BJP wants the support of the BSP to run NMC smoothly and send a strong message to Congress-NCP. If sources in BJP are to be believed, South-West Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis has already spoken to BSP's state-level leaders. BSP is yet to take any decision though.BSP state vice president Krishna Bhele, who looks after the party in the city, told TOI that Gharud will arrive at 7.15am on Monday. A rally with the 12 elected corporators will be taken out from Airport to RBI square and then head towards the party's office at Nari. The corporators will be felicitated at a Vidarbha-level meeting at 12 noon.Gharud will take a final decision on the party's stand in NMC. \"BSP has not got any offer from either BJP or Congress as of today. Everything depends upon the state party leadership,\" Bhele said.BSP may also decide on its group leader in the NMC and register with the divisional commissionerate under the guidance of Gharud on Monday. Among 12 corporators, just two are senior corporators, Harshala Jaiswal and Kishor Gajbhiye. Jaiswal is the only corporator of BSP to be elected for the second consecutive term on a party ticket. Gajbhiye has contested from the BSP for the first time, since he won as a candidate of Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch in 2007 election. The remaining 10 corporators are new faces in NMC. Either Gajbhiye or Jaiswal may be named group leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12051001", "title": "Your heart can heal at any age", "text": "BANGALORE: Malathi SN, (94), was rushed to Apollo Hospital early this month after she complained of chest pain. She was in a state of cardiac shock and her blood pressure was falling rapidly. An angiogram revealed one fully blocked artery. Despite her age, the doctor decided to perform angioplasty. Malathi was otherwise a physically active woman, said her family. Angioplasty was successfully conducted and after an initial fragile phase of 48 hours, Malathi started showing signs of recovery. In fact, she was back to normal within just four days.In today's hi-tech times, age is perhaps no bar to undergo a cardiac treatment. People in the 80-90 age bracket are opting for angioplasty and going back to live a healthy life, say cardiologists. Every year, heart surgeons in the city get 5 to 6 patients in the age group of 80-85 who prefer to undergo angioplasty. Thanks to improved life span in India, patients as old as 90 are also opting for angioplasty, which, doctors say, is a far safer option than oral medication and complicated bypass surgeries.Said Dr Venkatesh, interventional cardiologist , Fortis Hospital: \"At old age, angioplasty is considered a safer option than bypass. Oral medication can be risky as it tends to increase bleeding and can lead to brain hemorrhage.\"On the risk factor involved due to age, Dr B Ramesh, senior cardiologist, Apollo Hospital, said: \"Old age shouldn't be the primary criteria or deciding factor for such surgeries. If the patient has timely access to doctors and medical facilities , one can take calculated risks.\"\"More patients in the 40-60 age group prefer to undergo angioplasty or other types of heart surgeries. There is greater awareness about living a healthy life even at old age. At least 5% of our patients are 80 years old or above, yet they prefer to angioplasty,\" said Dr Sanjay Mehrotra, senior consultant cardiologist, Narayana Hrudayalaya .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12049424", "title": "Single-screen theatres oppose service tax", "text": "PUNE: An entertainment tax of roughly 40%, rising maintenance cost coupled with decreased occupancy have put most single-screen theatres in the city in a precarious position. Add to this a possible imposition of 10.5% service tax and the ticket prices would soar again, making the business completely unviable, says Vivek Damle, the secretary of Poona Exhibitors' Association.To oppose the proposed service tax, single-screen theatre owners went on a strike on February 23.The Poona Exhibitors' Association comprises 19-odd single-screen theatres in the city. \"Survival, and not profit, is a priority for us. In the last five-six years, competition from multiplexes led to single-screen theatres increasing their ticket prices by Rs 20 to 30. Yet, they are still reasonable for audiences who cannot afford multiplexes. However, each single-screen theatre has to pay a 40% entertainment tax and meet several other maintenance expenses which amount to approximately Rs 1 lakh per month. There has been a decline in the occupany levels at such theatres, specially in the last three years,\" Damle said.Unlike multiplexes that enjoy tax sops, single-screen theatres have to shell out a lot of money in taxes. Damle said, \"Most of our members are struggling to breakeven, let alone make profits or see a full-house even on weekends. The annual average occupancy at such theatres is less than 20%. The existing law doesn't allow change of user or ownership because of which most owners of loss-making single-screen theatres cannot sell such a property. Given a choice, they would promptly sell off such theatres and move on,\" Damle added.Theatres like Prabhat, which has a history as old as the Marathi cinema, have managed to survive the multiplex wave. \"But such examples are few and far between. Most single-screen theatres are barely surviving. The burden of an existing entertainment tax, absence of a provision for change of user/ownership and the fear of an additional 10.2% service tax being levied in the future will lead to rise in ticket prices. But the imposition of the said service tax will make theatre rentals, too, costly,\" he said.Damle cited the example of Apsara Theatre in Market Yard. \"The theatre wasn't making any money. This added to its financial burden and the owner chose to close it down temporarily. But he had to carry on and re-open it as he cannot sell the property,\" Damle said.The strike on February 23 led to each single-screen theatre cancelling three to four shows and losing anything between Rs 10,000 and Rs 20,000 each. \"Survival is the key objective for us now. The three-odd shows of Marathi films at our theatre have an over 50% occupancy. But this is not the same for Hindi or English films anymore,\" said a source from Alka Talkies.Maintenance charges, a hefty monthly electricity bill and steady ticket prices do not lead to profits either. \"We want to continue making film screenings affordable for our regular set of audiencesAny more taxes will only add to our financial burden,\" the source added.Single-screen theatres pay around 5.5% to 6% tax (part of the entertainment tax) if they have an air-conditioner. \"Our customers are often those who cannot afford the high prices of tickets at multiplexes. We still follow an old model of a simple movie hall that sells popcorn and few other snacks, minus the entertainment facilities available at multiplexes,\" said Shyamrao Pawar, the manager at Neelayam Talkies, which enjoys a 30% occupancy on most week days.Westend in Camp suffered a loss of about Rs 12,000 on February 23. \"These days, most single-screen theatres like ours do business only on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and sometimes Mondays. Otherwise, the occupancy levels are not flattering,\" said a source from Vijay Talkies.However, each single-screen theatre can recover a service charge of Rs 5 from the sale of each ticket. \"The theatres are able to meet their monthly expenses especially by recovering Rs 5 per ticket from the audiences. Moreover, theatres need a good booker to get them a good supply of film releases. Fortunately, Apsara has a good booker ,\" said Damle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12051341", "title": "Man alleges torture, illegal detention", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days following the alleged negligence of Chandigarh police personnel while dealing with an Ambala resident who was upset over the suicide of his mother, a 29-year-old city resident has approached the district courts in Sector 17, alleging illegal detention and torture by Chandigarh police on Sunday.Victim Sikander Sharma, a resident of Dadumajra in Sector 38, alleged that he was subjected to electric shock in police custody by officials of Sector-39 police station. The court has directed GMH-16 to conduct his medical examination.\"I had gone to pick my children from the school when police forcibly detained me from Sector 39 at around 12.30pm on February 24. They took me to the police station from the rear entrance to avoid CCTV recording. Then they started beating me mercilessly and forced me to admit my role in two robberies,\" alleged Sikander.Sikander has moved the court with help of a lawyer and human rights activist Arvind Thakur . Thakur said duty magistrate had directed the medical superintendent of Government Multi-specialty Hospital, Sector 16, to conduct the medical examination of the victim. However, police refuted the allegations. SHO of PS 39, inspector Charanjit Singh said Sikander has a criminal background and was involved in various cases of robberies in the past. He said police had arrested him as a preventive measure and released him on Saturday. Inspector Singh claimed that Sikander was not tortured and his medical examination was done before releasing him on regular bail on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12049878", "title": "First auto goes on e-meter drive", "text": "MUMBAI: Before new autos hit the city roads with electronic meters from Thursday, the regional transport office installed the device on a vehicle on Saturday for a trial run. After the test drive, the officials said it was a far more commuter-friendly instrument than its mechanical counterparts.According to the new rule, all newly registered autos will have to instal e-meters from Thursday. For the existing 1.05 lakh autos, the switchover will take place from April 1. But, even before the flag-off date, at least 10 new autos are expected to start their journeys on e-meters from Sunday.After officers from Andheri and Wadala RTOs were given a demonstration of the installation and sealing of an e-meter and a subsequent trial run of an auto with it, assistant RTO (Wadala) T P Chavan said, \"The device is very passenger friendly. You can see the distance travelled as well as the actual fare on the meter. Unlike the mechanical meters, you do not have to refer to a tariff card.\" Activist Shirish Deshpande also welcomed the new meters, saying the instruments did not have any in-built defects and auto unions were unnecessarily opposing it. \"Unions are making a hue and cry over how easily e-meters can be tampered with. But show me any technology that cannot be tweaked,\" he said. \"It is better to have the modern electronic gadgets instead of the mechanical meters, which were calibrated in 1973.\"Though the manufacturers have assured the officials that the gadgets are tamper-proof, most auto unions are opposed to it. But union leader Sharad Rao said his members had accepted e-meters in principle though the government had not been able to clear his doubts. Another union leader Thampy Kurian has challenged the transport department that he can tamper e-meters. \"The RTO is favouring a cartel of manufacturers,\" he alleged. He has filed a petition in court against the new gadget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12053753", "title": "Srabanti and Rajib spend time together", "text": "Times's a huge constraint for Tollywood busybees. But for actor Srabanti and her director hubby Rajib, spending quality time with each other is as important as work.The duo recently squeezed time out of their busy schedules to make a short trip to Digha. Rajib, who is working on back-to-back projects like 'Idiot' and another with Prosenjit Chatterjee, took a small break in between work. So did Srabanti, who is busy with Raj Chakrabarty's 'Kanamachi', where she plays a firebrand journo. 'I had a lovely time with Rajib and our son, Jhinuk. We went to the beach and gorged on fish delicacies,' said Srabanti. But wasn't crowd a concern? \"\"I have my bodyguard - Rajib Kumar,' chirped the pretty actor. On Wednesday, Rajib will be leaving for Jordon to shoot a few song-and-dance sequences for the Prosenjit starrer and Srabanti said that the break came right in time. The duo is also hopeful about shooting outdoors at the same place.Incidentally, the unit of 'Idiot' and Raj's 'Kanamachi', both of which feature Ankush in the lead, might head to the same destination for some song sequences. 'But obviously, we'll be exploring different locales. Even then, we would be able to spend some time together,' added Srabanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054542", "title": "Manoj Bajpai, Sanjay Gupta together again", "text": "Will he, won't he? For months now producer-director Sanjay Gupta and actor Manoj Bajpai have been at loggerheads over Bajpai's fee for and inclusion in Gupta's new film Shootout At Wadala.The standoff had apparently ruined the dosti between the two former best-friends, with both parties sticking to their points of view regarding Manoj's fee.The stalemate between the two finally culminated in a compromise last week where Gupta,impatient to get his full cast in place , pointblank asked his buddy-actor if he's doing the film.Apparently Manoj demanded a fee on a par with the film's other leading men John Abraham and Anil Kapoor . Says a source, \"Gupta tried to reason with Manoj, however since Gupta wanted Manoj for the part of Dawood Ibrahim's brother Sabir Kaskar, Gupta finally gave in and agreed to Manoj's price.\"When contacted Manoj dodged the issue of the conflict with Gupta and said he was looking forward to playing Sabir Kaskar. However Gupta admitted to the argument over the remuneration.Says Gupta, \"It was long due.I had written the role with Manoj in mind. I had to get a yes or no out of Manoj since we start shooting next week and the rest of the cast is in place. Manoj has agreed at his price.\"Haviing got his pound of flesh(read: desired remuneration) Manoj now goes into intense preparation for his part. Says Gupta, \"I've given him hordes of reference picture of Sabir. The character was very flashy flamboyant and in-your-face. Manoj has already started growing his hair in a way that was trendy in the 1970s. I'm glad he's doing the role I wanted him for.This would be his first serious gangster's role since Satya.\"And yes, Manoj needs to put on those dancing shoes again. Remember him dancing wildly in the song sapne mein milti hai with Shefali Shah in Satya? In 'Shootout At Wadala' Manoj would have to perform a full-fledged mujra . Explains Gupta, \"Manoj's character has a mistress named Chitra who's a tawaif. Manoj would have to break into a full mujra with her.\"Manoj is apparently getting Saroj Khan to teach him some steps for the mujra .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-27"}
