{"city": "pune", "code": "17356040", "title": "Poor UID enrolments have authorities tweaking targets", "text": "PUNE: The city administration is a hopeful body. When it launched its second phase for Aadhar enrolments in July this year, it hoped that 80 % of the city residents would register for the ambitious scheme by December. A month away from the deadline it had set for itself, officials did a quick reality check and brought down the registration target to 60 %. However, even now less than 50 % of the city's residents have registered for Aadhar even as those who did register last year await their unique identification numbers.In fact, a recent report on registrations indicates that enrolments haven't picked momentum even in the cantonments, municipal councils and rural parts of Pune district. Only 54 % registrations have been completed in municipal areas and 30% in cantonments and the 13 talukas that fall under Pune district. The district's overall scorecard on enrolments thus paints a grim picture__ a good 65 % of Pune district's citizens are not yet registered.Authorities blame dearth of centres, trained manpower as well as citizen apathy towards the project in general as the key reason for poor enrolments. District collector Vikas Deshmukh, who is now taking steps to expedite registrations said that as many as 200 additional centers will be set up and 200 additional machines installed in the city and rural parts in the near future. \"As per the plan, 80 % UID registrations were expected to be done by December 2011, which is now a difficult target. However, we are now planning to touch a 60% mark by December. Arrangements are being made for this. The locations for the new centres have been identified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17355154", "title": "Mamata cautions party ranks on 'cut money'", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday spoke out against the practice of paying and accepting \"cut money\", sending a stern message for probity in party affairs and the need for an improved work culture to attract investment and rebuild the state's infrastructure.Having received complaints about pressure to pay \"cut money\", or commission, from several quarters, Mamata said, \"Greed has no place in our party. We do not take cut money or accept donations for party funds, unlike others. Our party doesn't survive on cut money. I am ready to sell my paintings and raise funds for fighting elections, if the need be,\" the CM said while inaugurating the handicrafts fair at Milan Mela on Saturday.Mamata had a public message for bureaucrats, too, saying she wanted them to act as a team rather than work at cross purposes. \"I am asking all my government staff to work together because that will help us create a golden Bengal,\" she said.Aware of the need to project a proactive, industry-friendly image, especially when her hands-off policy on land acquisition hasn't made investing in the state easy, the CM appealed to her \"industrialist friends\" to come up with business plans for both big-ticket as well as small-scale projects. \"We are definitely for big industries like ports or IT, but we also want the handicrafts industry to flourish. I have personally taken charge of this department to develop it. I am requesting all my industrialist friends to come up with plans to set up small ancillary industry units on handicrafts beside their large industry units,\" Mamata said.The CM was hopeful that cottage and small-scale industries would create micro-level employability in the state. \"My target is to see that if there are 10 lakh people living in the state, at least 1 lakh gets involved with this industry. Already, 17,000 small-scale enterprises have started and 1.54 lakh of employment opportunities have been generated,\" she claimed.Secy left red-faced by Didi commentState micro and small scale enterprises secretary Anup Chanda was left red-faced at the handicrafts fair on Saturday. Present on the dais during Mamata Banerjee's address, he was thrown off guard by a sudden poser from the CM. \"What fair is being held in Delhi now?\" she asked Chanda. Before the bureaucrat could reply, she said, \"Anupbabu to ghumie poreche mone hochchhe. (It seems Anupbabu has fallen asleep).\" She then cautioned the media: \"Anup Chanda is my trusted man. Don't twist facts.\"CM hails Gujarat work cultureChief minister Mamata Banerjee was all praise for the work culture in Narendra Modi's Gujarat on Saturday. Speaking at the inauguration of the handicrafts fair, Mamata said, \"In Gujarat, politics does not come where work is concerned. It is only work at work time. When elections take place, there is only one political party,\" she said. It was the conducive work environment in Gujarat that led Tata Sons chairman Ratan Tata to take the Nano plant to Sanand in 2008 after Mamata's agitation in Singur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360360", "title": "Chiru jives to Gabbar Singh", "text": "Seven in the morning, 10,000 people and 10 kilometers to finish \u00e2\u20ac\u201d yet the adrenaline rush did not decline. The much-awaited 10K run was an astounding success with politicos, celebrated sports persons, athletes from the city and abroad, participants, cops, corporate folks and happy noisemakers in attendance.As the whistle was blown to flag off the run, thousands of Chiranjeevi fans thronged the dais to get a glance of him, shake hands and take autographs. The atmosphere that was already charged with the presence of tennis ace Sania Mirza , got a few degrees hotter with the DJ spinning the latest tracks including Disco Deewane, Jai Ho and Angreji Beat. Chiru who remained composed till then, surprised everyone by breaking into an impromptu jig to Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh.The megastar, who had lost those extra pounds, was looking dapper at the event. When asked how he managed to look good even in his late 50s, Chiru laughed out loud and said it was because he had a 'happy heart' and he followed his fitness regime and diet strictly. He went on to add that his good friend speaker Nadendla Manohar too had bowled him over with a \"huge compliment\" early in the morning. \"I walked in and the first thing Manohar told me was 'I envy you for looking so good',\" he chuckles. Impressed by the turnout at the event, Chiranjeevi said, \"It's good to see youngsters make fitness an important part of their daily routine.\"Sania, who was spotted dancing to Oppa Gangnam Style in her previous walkathon, said she had no plans of dancing along with the crowd this time. \"I should do something new everytime na, it should be fresh, or else I will end up boring people,\" she quipped. However, Sania was spotted humming along to popular songs doled out by the DJ. Shuttle coach Pullela Gopichand came along with his wife Lakshmi, directly from the airport, to be a part of the run. \"It's wonderful to the see the entire city come together. Every year the run response gets better,\" he said.Braving the November chill and giving their Sunday morning sleep a miss, more than 10,000 enthusiastic participants joined the race. Sprinting along Necklace Road were people from all walks of life \u00e2\u20ac\u201dyoungsters, senior citizens and the physically challenged jogged along with women and children in tow. When Ethiopia's Mosinet Geremew crossed the finish line in 27 minutes 36 seconds, there was a shout of joy, but the hoots went a notch higher when Olympian Sudha Singh from Rae Bareilly ran her personal best of 35 minutes 18 seconds to win the Indian women's title and finish third overall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355350", "title": "Classics out on a heritage drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some of the city's dazzling vintage beauties had lined up for display in Vejalpur, as part of the World Heritage Week celebrations, with their proud owners standing beside them. These cars were taken on a short drive in the city later during the day. This event symbolized that cars too should be made a part of the city's living heritage. The motive was to encourage owners of such cars to come forth to the club that can help them restore these vehicles.On display were a 1947 Buick Roadmaster convertible, a 1947 Armstrong Sideley, a 1963 Chevrolet Impala , a 1968 Volkswagen Beetle, a 1966 Ford Mustang and a 1948 Oldsmobile.\"We believe in restoration, maintenance and promotion of these cars as it isn't just a family tradition for us but a passion. It is more of a people's event than just an exhibition where we invite all vintage car owners to participate,\" says Subodh Nath, one of the owners of vintage cars.\"It is very difficult to 'restore' the custom made spare parts of these classic cars as there are only a handful of such garages in Ahmedabad. It takes about 2-10 lakhs to get the cars back in working condition,\" says Chandan Nath, another owner of a vintage.These exclusive cars have a seller's market and the buyers need to bid for them. The members of the club plan to organise this show as a part of the Heritage Week on a larger scale with each passing year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17356642", "title": "Protesting women have upper hand over bar owner", "text": "DHARWAD: The residents of Gollar colony in Dharwad who were protesting against opening of a bar in their locality called off the agitation on Saturday after the authorities assured them that the liquor shop would be shifted to some other venue. The residents on Saturday blocked the Dharwad-Savadatti road and had continued their protest. Excise DC Rane rushed to the spot and after holding discussion with the protestors and officials, he assured them that the shop would be shifted.The residents had intensified their protest after the licence holder had opened the shop on Friday.As the protest turned violent police resorted to mild lathicharge to disperse the mob. Women who suffered injuries had been treated at the district civil hospital. Women and children residing in the colony have been opposing the opening of the bar in a newly constructed complex at the entrance of their colony saying that it would disturb peace and harmony in the colony.Police commissioner BA Padmanayana said DCP (Law) SM Pratapan would conduct an inquiry into the allegation of unprovoked lathicharge by the police and submit a report. Based on the report necessary action would be taken, he said.Meanwhile, MLA Seema Masuti, who came to meet the agitators had to face their wrath. She left in the place in a huff. The residents did not allow her to talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356629", "title": "No coaches ahead of key tourneys", "text": "LUDHIANA: With already a shortage of sports coaches in Ludhiana, only 33 in the entire district, the active coaches, due to constant duties in tournaments around the state, feel their students suffer when it matters the most. \"We prepare our trainees for the tournament season throughout the year, but just as the state and national level tournaments start, we are assigned duties at the event venues. That is when our trainees need us the most,\" said one of the Ludhiana coaches, seeking anonymity.He added that the training before tournaments is crucial and different from that given on regularly. \"In the last one month, I have been away from my centre for over a week, which will have an adverse effect on the performance of my trainees,\" the coach said.Another coach, seeking anonymity, said the problem occurs because of the parallel tournaments organized by the state sports department along with those organized by various associations.\"There are the district games and state games which the associations organize and then there are the rural festivals organized by the department. We are assigned at both, either as officials or as coaches. Because of this double duty our students suffer. I have been away from my centre on duty for almost 10 days in the recent past,\" he added.Teja Singh Dhaliwal, general secretary, Punjab Basketball Association, said it is not the duty of the sports department to organize tournaments, but that of associations. \"The department's duty is to provide the infrastructure, equipment and coaches,\" he added. Dhaliwal said the rural festivals are organized under the schemes of the Centre around the same time as the tournaments organized by the sports associations, which is towards the end of a training season. \"As the number of tournaments has doubled, the coaches' time on duty has also doubled,\" he added.Underlining the need for a separate mechanism, the PBA general secretary said, \"If the department has to organize these tournaments, there needs to be a separate mechanism with separate officials and referees.\" District sports officer Kartar Singh said, \"The rural festivals encourage the rural children, as they do not get the same facilities as urban children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358633", "title": "How Gandhi was shot", "text": "In the 1930s, a German painter became famous among Indian royalty for his portraiture skills. But he chose to point his camera on our nation's Father. Here's whyOn a warm summer day in March, 1936, Hannes Fritz Munich sat outside the newly built Harijan quarters in New Delhi's Kingsway Camp, waiting for an audience with Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. Wiping the sweat off his brow, the dapper 40-year-old German artist thought about what he would say to the man, who was clearly one of the most important personages in Indian politics. \"Hello, Mr Gandhi. I'm Fritz Munich, a royal painter, and I'd like to make a portrait of you.\"Gandhi refused to sit for a portrait \u00e2\u20ac\u201d according to historian G. Venkatachalam, Gandhi never allowed any artist, no matter how eminent, to paint him \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but he let Munich use his camera.Seventy six years later, this previously unseen footage will form part of a documentary film, Munich in India, which premieres on November 26, at the ongoing International Film Festival of India in Goa. Directed by Walter Steffen, the documentary follows the artist's grandson, Konstantin Fritz, as he traces his grandfather's journeys in India from 1932 to 1937.Munich had first landed in Bombay aboard The Floating Palace in February 1932 with his dancer wife, Editha. The couple visited several Indian princely states, including Baroda, Udaipur, Mourvi, and Kapurthala and mingled with royalty while Munich drew lavish portraits of the members of the palace. The duo returned the following year, and spent several months travelling across the country. Editha, even wrote a column for a German paper that described their 'exotic' travels.In November 1935, Munich visited India for the third time. This time, however, he was alone, since Editha had just given birth to their first son at their lake home in Seeshaupt, Germany. Munich spent the first two months of the New Year at the royal palace of Mourvi, completing what he thought was his best work yet, a portrait of the maharaja. In March, he decided to head to New Delhi to meet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and paint a portrait of \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gandhi.The national leader, who wasn't keeping too well, was at the capital city to get some much-deserved rest. In a letter to Jawaharlal Nehru dated March 9, 1936 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around the same time he met Munich \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gandhi wrote from the Harijan quarters, \"There is nothing organically wrong with me. The body has even gained in weight. But it has lost the vitality it seemed to have only three months ago. Strange to say, I never felt any illness. And yet the body had become weak and the instrument registered high bloodpressure. I have to be careful. I am in Delhi to rest for a few days.\"Munich readily agreed to shoot Gandhi on film. On a 16-mm reel, Munich caught a three-minute video showing Gandhi walking down a staircase and on a road with his companions. Munich also took several photos of Gandhi, including one at a prayer meeting with other Congress leaders.\"I am presented to Mr Gandhi (sic). It is a huge honour for me, and I want to portray him. But Gandhi lets no one portray him in any manner. I have got permission to film him on his daily walk and to photograph him. This footage has turned out well!\" Munich wrote in his diary the same month.This was the only time Munich met Gandhi. The following year, he was told by some sympathetic Indian artistocrats that Germans were no longer welcome in British colonies due to the political climate created by Hitler in Germany. Munich stopped visiting India after that and retired to his village near Munich city.\"My grandfather had over 2.5 hours of video footage that he gathered on his travels in India. Market scenes, colonial rulers, the viceroy, political figures like Gandhi, the royals whose portraits he painted \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it is a treasure trove,\" said Fritz, who discovered the footage in the attic of the family's lake house.Fritz intends to share some of these photographs and footage with the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad, which houses an enormous collection of literature and archival material on Gandhi.Dhamini.Ratnam @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17354768", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVeto proposal to shrink green buffer zones\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "THANE: Conservation crusaders and wildlife activists have predicted a mindless massacre of the forest, especially the ecological corridors that serve as a bridge between two protected parks. Activists say this will happen if the authorities agree to the controversial proposal by the Centrally Empowered Committee (CEC) to shrink the 10-km buffer zone around national parks and sanctuaries.\"The CEC's recommendations defeat the very purpose of an eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) around forests. If the green ring around the forest boundaries is reduced, the immediate fallout would be the corridors being butchered to make way for mining activities, setting up aluminium refineries, steel and thermal power plants. It will directly affect the forest ecology in the corridors and this damage, once done, cannot be rectified ever,'' cautioned Debi Goenka of the Bombay Environmental Action Group.Goenka along with conservation activist, Bittu Sahagal, as well as Praveen Bhargav and Shekhar Dattatri, both former members of the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), and Biswajit Mohanty of the Wildlife Society of Orissa have written to the Union forest ministry to veto the CEC's recommendation.The CEC, which was appointed by the Supreme Court to determine the buffer ring around 102 national parks and 515 wildlife sanctuaries across the nation, has recommended that the eco-sensitive ring should be restricted to a maximum of two km and a minimum of 100 metres from the boundaries of protected parks. This recommendation will alter the entire landscape around forest areas, which was fiercely protected in keeping with the 2002 Union ministry of environment and forests' (MoEF) decision to have a universal 10-km green ring around the boundaries of the forests. Goenka claimed that CEC's recommendations lack any scientific basis and were submitted to the apex court without consultations with the NBWL or larger public forums. \"The CEC's suo moto recommendations consciously seek to dilute the SC's orders by arbitrarily reducing the distance without any scientific rationale or consultations and justifying them by merely harping on the inordinate delay in declaration of the ESZs by some states,'' he added.The environmentalist said the CEC's recommendations also overlooked the MoEF's coastal regulation zone (CRZ) notification of 2011 that any reduction in the buffer ring will destroy mangroves.The green activists have urged the minister of state for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natrajan, to intervene in the apex court's procedure. They have asked her to file an affidavit seeking restoration of the 10-km eco-sensitive ring around protected parks and reject the CEC's recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358172", "title": "Weisz was thrilled to play Wicked Witch", "text": "Actress Rachel Weisz was thrilled when she bagged the chance to play Wicked Witch of the East in \" The Wizard Of Oz\" prequel because it gave her the chance to play a villain.The actress stars alongside James Franco as the wizard in upcoming movie \"Oz: The Great and Powerful\", which is based on the books of L. Frank Baum and tells the story previous to Judy Garland's famous 1939 film.Mila Kunis plays Theodora, the Wicked Witch of the West, while Weisz tackles the role of Evanora, the Wicked Witch of the East. She says she relished the chance to show off her bad side, reports dailystar.co.uk.\"It's the prequel to 'The Wizard Of Oz', the genesis of how he became the Wizard and got to Emerald City. There are huge, fantastical special effects - and I can fly. I'd never done anything like that. I play Evanora the Wicked Witch of the East. She's so bad, so it's a total departure (from my other films),\" Weisz told Deadline.com.The \"Mummy\" star now prefers to tackle smaller and independent movies. But she is also open to returning to blockbusters.\"Working with a green screen (on blockbusters) is easy. It's just like being a kid. But it's not nearly as satisfying. I prefer smaller movies because they tend to be more about character than about story... (But) you can't plumb the depths (of emotion) all the time,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356192", "title": "Ganga Sansad to begin from Garhmukteshwar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once again Ganga will see a host of political bosses and activists pledging to free it from pollution and encroachment. Part of the much publicised campaign 'Ganga Sansad' will be kicked off from Garhmukteshwar on Sunday in the presence of Union culture minister Chandresh Kumari Katoch, besides officials from various departments.Interestingly, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has not given his consent to be a part of the campaign. Speaking to TOI, campaign organiser and Ramon Magsaysay award winner, Rajendra Singh confirmed that Akhilesh Yadav was the first VVIP to whom the invitation was sent earlier this month. \"But we have not received a confirmation as yet,\" Singh said on Saturday.This has not gone down well with the river conservationists. ''This is strange because Ganga has the maximum coverage in UP. And it is UP, where it gets polluted the most,\" Singh said, and added, \"We have been expecting his views on the subject.\"The campaign to create awareness about the river comes nearly a month after the Centre decided to tag Ganga as a C-grade river because of an ever rising pollution load. It was in October when the Centre's inter-ministerial group sought to classify Ganga as a 'C' category (poor) river. The categorisation has been proposed to be done in view of a report submitted by IIT-Roorkee, which found that 84% of the water flow in the river will either be diverted into tunnels or reservoirs because of more than 100 hydro-electric power projects proposed on the river in Uttarakhand.In a way, only 16% of the river will be left to its original flow once these hydro-electric projects come into existence, the report has observed. Apart from the interrupted water flow in the river, illegal mining and pollution has also pushed the holy river to the brink of being tagged in the embarrassing category. The proposed categorisation has led to alarm bells ringing amongst the environmentalists and left the water and river activists enraged.Singh said that it is not until people from various walks of life including planners, decision makers, saints and culture experts are brought on a common platform that things would improve for the holy river.Interestingly, UP government has been dragging its feet on steps to conserve the river. In fact, river conservationists have been seeking help of the former Mayawati government to put the river eco-systems on a requisite track. However, their efforts drew a blank with the state government looking the other way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17355411", "title": "BJP slams Cong for its sustained attack on CAG, PAC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Saturday condemned the continued attack by Congress ministers on constitutional bodies like CAG and PAC and wondered whether PM Manmohan Singh approved of such criticism by his Cabinet colleagues.Criticizing UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi for her comment against the CAG and questioning her silence about the scams of the Congress-led UPA government, BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said here on Saturday, \"BJP condemns the non-stop way the Congress party is out to denigrate institutions. It is surprising, in fact shocking, that even ministers from the Union cabinet come out to question to destabilize and to in a way demoralize institutions...\"She said, \"We certainly would want to ask whether the Prime Minister approves of his ministers coming out and speaking in such terms about bodies I'm sure he respects and honours.\"Reacting to Sonia's comments on CAG, BJP said that the party hopes that she would comment on how Congress shall handle corruption and that too when her party had committed itself to set up the proposed anti-graft body Lokpal.\"How she is going to have institutions function if this is the way her party's ministers are coming out to undermine them?\" Sitharaman asked, adding that BJP would like to hear the Congress chief speak on Coalgate, CWG and Robert Vadra.\"Why has she remained silent all the while and only when there is a constitutional body being questioned, and unfairly at that, we have the comment coming forth? Mrs Gandhi, we expect you to comment on many other things..,\" Sitharaman demanded.\"Is there a way in destabilizing PAC, the CAG reports that are looking into KG basin or civil aviation...? Is it expected that you bring hindrance for them to carry on with their work? What is the strategy,\" she asked.While the PM had volunteered to appear before PAC on 2G spectrum issue, ministers in his Cabinet are out to criticize constitutional bodies and Congress MPs are not allowing them to function, Sitharaman accused.When corruption has emerged as a major poll issue, be it in states or in general elections, the main issue that is worrying Congress is also corruption, she said. \"They are not denying corruption, they are only dithering over the amount,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356741", "title": "BJP MLC charges minister Ramdas with misleading government", "text": "MYSORE: The state government is facing fresh crisis over the Chamundi Hills land row. Ruling party MLC G Madhusudhan on Saturday named district minister S A Ramdas in the row, accusing him of trying to grab 449 acres of land at the foothills of the Chamundi Hills.He questioned chief minister Jagadish Shettar, charging him with failing to act to protect 2,000-acre prime land where an acre costs Rs 2 crore. \"The CM should have acted when chief secretary S V Ranganath has concluded that Mysore DC P S Vastrad had erred in declaring that 2,000 acres is not government property,\" he said, giving three days for Shettar to transfer Vastrad and initiate action. \"I will launch an indefinite strike in front of the DC's office after the expiry of the deadline,\" he said.This comes after the high court set aside the DC's order dated August 18. The principal secretary (revenue) Latha Krishna Rau has also stepped in to handle the crisis. She spoke to Vastrad, summoned Mysore tahsildar Naveen Joseph and got first-hand information about the case.Producing a copy of a letter that Ramdas had written to deputy CM K S Eshwarappa, who holds revenue portfolio, the MLC said: \"Ramdas has favoured that the 2,000-acre land, over which the Mysore royal family is claiming ownership, should be settled by accepting their claim. Does Ramdas represent the state or private parties?\"In the letter dated August 22, Ramdas has asked for enforcing an agreement that the state had entered into with the Mysore Maharaja Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar on January 26, 1950. Referring to the agreement and the claim on the land at the foothills of the Chamundi Hills by the Mysore royal family, Ramdas has said the land row, which is left unsettled for 60 years, should be addressed. He has favoured judicial probe by a retired judge. Waving a copy of the letter, Madhusudhan said: \"Ramdas is into real estate business. There is some 449 acres at the foothills which don't have proper records. Eyeing this plot, the minister has entered into a secret deal with the royal family. I had suspected that Ramdas is behind all this. Now, I've proof and hence naming him,\" he told reporters.According to him, Ramdas misled the government when the crisis peaked following the revelation in August that the DC has ruled that 2,000-acre prime land at the foothills is not government property. Ramdas argued that Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar will not allow the use of golden howdah if the DC is transferred ahead of Dasara festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359816", "title": "'Life Of Pi' garners opening figure of Rs.3.5 crore in India", "text": "Oscar-winning filmmaker Ang Lee's \"Life Of Pi\" has garnered an opening collection of Rs.3.5 crore in India.The movie, released Friday, in 2D and 3D format opened in the country in four languages - English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.The film, touted as a visual masterpiece, released alongside the much-awaited, last instalment of \"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2\".\"Life Of Pi\" narrates the tale of a boy who is adrift at sea in a lifeboat with a Royal Bengal tiger after his family is drowned in a shipwreck. It features Indian talent, including debutant Suraj Sharma, and critically-acclaimed actors Tabu and Irrfan.The movie was captured in the hillside town of Munnar along with the elegance of Pondicherry - all on 3D.\"Life Of Pi\" is based on Yann Martel's novel of the same book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356100", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority seizes earth-mover machine in catchment area", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) seized an earth-mover, which was being used in construction of temporary boundaries at the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah in Gulab Vihar area on Saturday.Recently, the urban development and housing (UDH) department had announced the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah as a no construction zone. The JDA's anti-encroachment team spotted one Banna Lal, who was driving the machine in the catchment area.A JDA's enforcement department official said, \"He was constructing a temporary boundary at the catchment area. Since, any kind of construction activity is not allowed in the area, we seized the machine.\"After receiving a tip off, the JDA's enforcement division rushed to the spot and stopped the illegal activity in the catchment area. Initially, the officials of the enforcement team held the accused driver but later they let him go and seized the machine.It is not the first time when people tried to construct walls in the catchment area by using earth-movers. Earlier also, such incidents have come to light. Alarmed by the illegal activities of constructing walls, the JDA also deployed 15 security guards in the area recently. These guards have been deployed in the area to ensure there is no illegal construction in the catchment area.In this case, the accused Banna Lal was trying to divert the flow of nullah by erecting a wall. Recently, UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal had declared Amanishah Nullah a no construction zone. After that, the JDA officials have stepped up their efforts of surveillance of the area.EomJaipur: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) seized a JCB, which was being used in construction of temporary boundaries at the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah in Gulab Vihar area on Saturday.Recently, the Urban Development and Housing (UDH) had announced catchment area of Amanishah Nullah, a no construction zone. The JDA's anti-encroachment team spotted one Banna Lal, who was driving the JCB at the catchment area of the nullah.A JDA's enforcement department official said, \"He was constructing a temporary boundary at the catchment area. Since, any kind of construction activity is not allowed in the area, we have seized the JCB.\"After receiving the tip off, the JDA's enforcement division rushed to the spot and stopped the illegal activity in the catchment area of the nullah. First the officials of the enforcement team held the accused driver but later they let him go and seized the JCB.It is not the first time when people tried to construct walls in the catchment area by using JCBs. Earlier also, such incidents were came into light. Alarmed by the illegal activities of construction of the walls, the JDA also deployed 15 security guards in the area recently. These guards have been deployed in the area to ensure that there should be no illegal construction in the catchment area. The security guards keep an eye on the activities in the area and report to the enforcement cell of the JDA.In this case, the accused Banna Lal was trying to divert the flow of nullah by erecting wall. Recently, UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal had declared Amanishah Nullah a no construction zone. After that, the JDA officials have stepped up their efforts of surveillance of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354499", "title": "2 RWA offices get solar power", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd (TPDDL) commissioned its first two 1KW solar power rooftop systems for porta cabins on Saturday. The project was conceptualized for resident welfare associations in the New Delhi district and will be extended to 10 more RWA offices by the year-end.The Central Government Employees Residential Welfare Association in Gole Market and the Kendriya Sarkari Karamchari Awas Kalyan Samiti in Raja Bazaar are the two RWAs to get the first solar panels installed. \"Each porta cabin is getting a unit of four panels. These would be sufficient to run a fan, a television and two lights. In December, the scheme will be extended to 10 other RWAs within Chanakyapuri and we may also expand the project to cover RWAs in Delhi Cantt and Vasant Vihar,\" said Nila Mohanan, deputy commissioner, New Delhi.Officials said that the panels would need only about two hours of sunlight to fully charge their batteries but each porta cabin also has a backup power connection. \"The solar panels will not be able to support things like heaters and in Delhi there are also some days when there is absolutely no sunlight. For such days, and in case there is need to run more electrical appliances, the porta cabins will continue to have conventional power connections,\" said an official.The project is being funded entirely under the 'My Delhi, I Care' scheme of the Delhi government. \"RWAs had been given porta cabins but many of them were finding it hard to function without provision for power. Some have taken up independent connections but are finding it hard to pay bills. This is why we decided to have solar rooftop panels that will provide sustainable power for free. So far, New Delhi is the only district in the city with such a provision,\" said Mohanan.The project has been set up by the discom TPDDL and each system is roughly worth Rs 1.5 lakh. The projects were inaugurated by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. \"A 1kW project is not very huge but it is a start and will at least help in meeting the basic demands of the RWAs,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17355143", "title": "Nashik techie\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s free Android games placed on top", "text": "NASHIK: A Nashik-based software developer, Manas Gajare's game in Balloon Bow and Arrow has been placed at the all India number one position by play.google.com in the Top Free Android Apps category, on November 20. This game has surpassed the immensely popular free game in this category, Angry Birds.Manas is the only software developer from Nashik whose application has been placed at the number one position. \"I launched this game on October 11 and from 30th position in the free game category a fortnight ago, we jumped to second position last week and have been placed at number one position now,\" he said.The game is interesting to people of all ages and all one has to do is click on the arrow and bow to shoot the balloons. Different coloured balloons carry different points.\"In five weeks the game was downloaded by 3.90 lakh people. We have 20,000 people downloading the game each day. Some time ago, Parking Frenzy, another Indian game, had been in the number one place. Web portals plug.in and techcurry.co had also featured us on November 21,\" said Manas.Explaining the reasons for the popularity of the game, he said that it was simple, stable and easy for even novices to understand. \"We have got lot of feedback from people saying that they appreciate the easy operation of the game,\" said Manas. The game has two themes Night Theme and Day Theme wherein the colours and background changes according to the theme selected which makes it attractive for the player.Manas, who has a Bachelor of Engineer (BE) degree in Computer Science and a Master of Science (MSc) in Maths, is a software professional and developed this game out of his own interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356187", "title": "Cong panel slams UP govt for inaction, seeks CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Congress on Saturday claimed that the recent communal clashes in Faizabad were not a spontaneous reaction, but a pre-planned assault on Muslims, their life and property with a view to turn UP into another Gujarat.Amaresh Mishra, president of anti-communal front, UP Congress Committee visited Faizabad on November 23. On Saturday, talking about the report prepared by him, he said, \"Congress has been concerned about communal riots. We question the maturity of the chief minister and his team.\" Mishra, who visited Faizabad, said that state government has lost control at the ground level. And, Congress doubts the role of social and political forces as well as that of the district administration in controlling the communal violence. The front has also demanded a CBI inquiry into the clashes.A detailed report which has been prepared on the basis of the visit and meeting with the victims of the communal clashes will be sent to the Union home ministry to apprise it of the lesser known facts. He alleged that there was a planned build-up to the communal violence. In July, district administration locked a mosque in Mirzapur village of the district over some petty issue. On September 23, idols of Deokali temple in the heart of the city were stolen.In the report, Congress has blamed communal forces - \"Hindu Vahini, Bajrang Dal , RSS, BJP and Shiv Sena \" - for having launched a campaign against Muslims. \"On October 20, those who stole the idols turned out to be Hindus but local communal forces refused to believe that,\" said Mishra. As a result of this hate campaign, on October 24, rumours of Muslims having attacked processions and molesting a girl, triggered the violence and Muslims were assaulted.\"Even the state government might not be aware of ground realities,\" he added. The home ministry, so far, only knows that it was the failure of the police and district administration to control the riots, which led to Muslims being victimised. The report, he said, aims to bring that out.Talking about the October 24 violence during immersion of Durga idols, the report says it was pre-planned. In an unlikely practice, Durga Puja committee had issued a pamphlet saying women and children should not be a part of the procession this time. Besides, police had also refused to make extra security arrangements for the procession this time.While the violence began after the Durga Puja immersion crowd threw colour on a mosque in Bhelsar, Rudauli, rumours spread it to Bhadarsa, Shahganj, Bikapur and several towns covering entire Faizabad district.The report says that the state government has failed to implement a major part of its manifesto, which promised Muslims security against communal forces. Besides, SP cadres and local leaders have been found hand-in-glove with communal forces. It says that district administration was mysteriously absent from the places of violence for several hours on October 24 and despite the visit of DGP to Faizabad on October 25, pre-planned violence broke out again on October 26. The report further says that OBC forces - Yadavs, Kevats and Muraons (Koris) - were used as \"cannon fodder\" against Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355012", "title": "Deshprabhu replies to notice", "text": "PANAJI: Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu has replied to the show cause notices issued by the mines department with regards to alleged illegal mining at Korgao, Pernem.The mines department had issued him a show cause notice seeking to know why 50 crore should not be recovered for alleged illegal mining at Korgao. Speaking to mediapersons, mines director Prasanna Acharya said, \"We have received a reply from Deshprabhu and we will study it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355692", "title": "Five of family die as car rams bus", "text": "BANGALORE: Five members of a family, including a 95-year-old woman, died on the spot after their Maruti Omni rammed a private bus near Jodi Katte in Magadi, Ramanagaram, on Saturday evening. The deceased are Ramakrishna Rao, 50, Likhit Rao, 18, Chandra Bai, 65, Chandra Bai, 75, and Sharada Bai, 95. Ramakrishna, who was driving, lost control over the steering while negotiating a slope, police said.The private bus, coming from the opposite direction, was carrying a marriage party, Magadi police added.\"It appears the vehicle developed a technical snag. Otherwise, we don't see any reason for the accident. The bus driver was driving to his left,\" police added.Police are yet to establish the relationship between the deceased, residents of Guddemaranahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400964", "title": "Govt to provide artificial limbs to disabled school children", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh has announced that his government would provide artificial hands and other aids to disabled school children in the state.\"We are working on a pilot project to identity 1000 school children with disabilities and to provide them with prosthetic hands in cooperation with different social organizations\", he said after inaugurating a special camp for the disabled by a social organization Sudharma Jain Samaj, at Sonigiri premises at Dhamtari road. He inaugurated the six-day camp by providing artificial hand to a 10-year-old Divya Parekh, a resident of Raipur.The social organization organized the camp to provide artificial limbs to personnel, belonging to the security forces, who had lost their hands in line of their duty in the Naxalite areas. The camp will continue till November 28.Speaking on the occasion, chief minister told the organization to conduct similar camps in tribal Bastar region for the benefit of disabled people , promising that the state government would extend all possible assistance for it.School Education minister Brijmohan Agrawal, who presided over the function, said it was for the first time in the state that any social organization was providing artificial hands to the disabled. Sudharma Jain Samaj president Harakh Malu said artificial hands were being provided to 60 disabled persons.He said technicians, trained from the famous Bhagwan Mahavir Vikalang Sahayata Samiti, Jodhpur, were engaged in making artificial limbs for the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356037", "title": "Time for a bear hug?", "text": "Like his namesake \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the mythological king of bears in the epic Ramayana \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Jambvant the sloth bear looks regal and dignified. That is until he spots his pals Nathan and Bhola. The three bears scamper to squeeze into a small hammock which inevitably collapses under their weight making them appear \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with the hammock strung over their head \u00e2\u20ac\u201d quite comical but clearly enjoying themselves.However, life was not always fun for Jambvant and his friends. When he came to the Bear Rescue Centre in Agra run by Delhibased NGO Wildlife SOS almost five years back, Jambvant was thin and scrawny, severely malnourished and with his fur falling out \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the result of a brutal life lived on the road as a dancing bear. \"It took us quite a while to get him to bounce back,\" says Kartick Satyanarayan, founder of Wildlife SOS that has rescued almost 600 sloth bears since 1995 and rehabilitated them in its centres across the country. While Jambvant got lucky with timely care, many bears in India continue to face a threatened existence. Their habitats are rapidly diminishing and retaliatory killings are on the rise as they stray into human settlements. Besides, poaching and smuggling of bear cubs is at an alarming high.In order to find a solution to these issues, bear experts from around 35 countries are assembling in New Delhi starting tomorrow. The International Conference on Bear Research &amp; Management will have almost 400 participants swap notes and share experiences on the conservation and research of the big furry animal. But as far as India is concerned, the highlight would be the launch of a comprehensive national plan for the conservation and welfare of bears across the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first time such an initiative is being taken. \"Despite being present in 26 states of India, the bear has not received any attention till now. Hopefully with the development of the bear action plan, things will change,\" says S Sathyakumar, scientist at the Wildlife Institute of India who has played an active role in drawing up the plan.The national action plan summarises the status of the four bear species found in India, threats faced by them and challenges in their conservation. It also includes individual state action plans. \"The most important thing is that the plan indicates a policy shift from popular flagships like tiger, rhino, elephant etc to bring focus on bears which have been ironically left out in the world of conservation ,\" says Vivek Menon, executive director of the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), one of the NGOs involved in organizing the conference along with the ministry of environment and forests.Conservation of bears in India incidentally has been a longfought battle for which the results have been painfully slow. For instance, the nomadic community of kalandars had been using the sloth bear for bear dancing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a form of entertainment since Mughal times. The barbaric practice often left the bear severely traumatized, and had been made illegal under the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. But it is only a few years back that the practice has finally ended in India. This was largely brought about by providing alternate employment opportunities to the kalandars by organizations like Wildlife SOS and World Society for the Protection of Animals (WSPA). \"We have tried to ensure that former dancing bear owners can provide for their families by securing them cruelty-free livelihoods such as rickshaw driving or selling clothes and groceries,\" says Aniruddha Mookerjee, campaigns co-ordinator of WSPA.Issues like poaching and bear cub smuggling, though, continue to be rampant largely because the demand for bear organs is thriving. In order to counter poachers, many bear-lovers like Satyanarayan have even formed covert teams. \"Our organization runs Forestwatch, which is a combination of community informers, surveillance and intelligence gathering through decoys,\" he says. \"Last year, we were able to get precise intelligence about poachers operating in a remote location in Bihar and were able to rescue five bear cubs.\"The rescue and rehabilitation of bear cubs is going to be a hot topic of discussion at the conference. A separate side event on the subject has been organized at Kaziranga in Assam after the main event while another workshop to discuss ways to mitigate manbear conflict has already taken place in Kashmir.The momentum seems to be picking up for the animal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d largely seen the world over as a lovable,cuddly species. The question now is whether we can do enough to ensure that the future of bears remains bullish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354255", "title": "Jason, Jimmy bag clinical victories in Super Fight League", "text": "MUMBAI: Jason Solomon's flamboyant fighting style and ceaseless antics in his welter weight win over Suresh Rajput lit up the Super Fight League's 10th edition in Andheri, on Friday.The lanky 28-year-old made sure he backed his pre-bout showboating with a clinical performance that saw him throw in a mix of kicks and punches before the referee awarded him a Technical Knock Out (TKO) in a little less than a round.American Jimmy Ambriz made light work of Mohamed Abdel Khan in the heavy weight duel which was the night marquee event.A winner in SFL's inaugural fight in Mumbai earlier in the year, the heavily built Ambriz refused to let the Egyptian make anything of the height advantage, charging at him at the start.Ambriz executed a perfect take down before subjecting Khan to a round of ground and pound before executing a choke that forced the Egyptian to tap out.Serbian Nikola Janjic gave ample testimony of his Muay Thai skill against Vikas Singh in their heavyweight bout.Singh, with a wrestling background, went for the takedowns unsuccessfully - a move that let the agile Janjic use his knees to his opponents head.But it was a series of furious punches that sent Singh to the floor and set up Janjic to perfectly execute the rear naked choke for a win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17353988", "title": "Driver dies as car catches fire in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 52-year-old man was charred to death when his car caught fire in Sector 7, Rohini, late on Friday night. Ved Prakash used to work as a driver with the North corporation.Prakash was returning home after meeting a relative in Rohini Sector 2 when his car caught fire around 8pm.\"The moment Prakash left from Sector 2, the engine of his Maruti 800 caught fire. Initially, Prakash did not realize that the engine had a short circuit and kept driving the car. As a result the fire engulfed the entire car in no time,\" a senior police officer said.Cops refused to say if the car was running on a local CNG kit, saying that the car has been sent for forensic tests.Although the car did not have a central locking system, Prakash was trapped inside as his car doors got jammed. \"He tried to break the windows but could succeed only after 10 to 15 minutes. Local people took him to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead,\" said an officer. He suffered 80% burns. The car was charred.Preliminary investigations have revealed that a short circuit inside the engine led to the fire, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dum dum", "code": "17354729", "title": "Buddha war cry for panchayat polls", "text": "DUM DUM: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee is not into marking time any more. The CPM politburo member on Saturday gave a battle cry to party activists over the coming panchayat polls likely to be held by the end of January. To emphasize that he meant it, Bhattacharjee appealed to the grassroots organisers to get ready for building up a \"mass resistance\" with the people against efforts to suppress the popular will.Sensing the rising resentment against the Mamata Banerjee government among sections of the people, the CPM politburo member said: \"People consciously voted against us. We were defeated. They are now seeing what the government was like and what it is now. We didn't have to say anything. People are seeing it on their own.We should not give up our bases. Mobilise mass resistance with the people against efforts to suppress the popular will.\"Addressing a CPM general body meeting at Dum Dum's Rabindra Bhavan, the former CM asked partymen to set up booth-level committees, start identifying the women candidates and open dialogue with the Left Front partners, in the run up to the polls. While saying so, he offered some talking points for the cadres before they reach out to households.\"I would urge you to revisit the households once again with the demand for universal public distribution system. We demand ration for all irrespective of category - APL or BPL because the parameters are vague. A household having an electric fan doesn't come under the BPL category. Reach out to all these families and collect one crore signature,\" the CPM politburo member said.The former chief minister also warned against the chief minister's religious insinuations in a desperate bid to woo the Muslims. \"People are scared of the rising tension. This is paving the way for the BJP. Our government was against both majority and minority fundamentalism. The situation has changed these days. The new government goes by gesture and is not keen on addressing the problems of the Muslim community. It has cancelled the list of reservation for backward Muslims. If they accepted the list, many more Muslims, at least 10 times, could have got government jobs by now. But the chief minister is more interested into other things,\" Bhattacharjee said.Coming down heavily on the Mamata Banerjee government's performance on industry, infrastructure and power, The CPM politburo memberHe also took on the Manmohan Singh government on giving a go-ahead to FDI in multi-brand retail, insurance and pension. \"Foreign investors are eyeing the effective demand of the upwardly mobile middle class that is lured by the glitter of better packaging. But the FDI entry will seal the fate of our farmers and also command a monopoly on prices in the long run,\" Bhattacharjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17358221", "title": "Kasturba Medical College dean inducted into Global Education in Medicine Exchange as advisory committee member", "text": "MANGALORE: Dr MV Prabhu, dean, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore has been inducted into Global Education in Medicine Exchange (GEMx). It is an ECFMG plan to develop a new service to organize international electives for medical students through GEMx. Dr Emanuel Cassimatis, president, ECFMG, which is head quartered in Philadelphia has invited Dr Prabhu to serve as a member of the GEMx advisory committee.The first meeting of the Committee is scheduled for December 5 - 6 at the Rittenhouse Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. He is one of the 10 deans from all over the world to have been invited due to his active involvement in all the activities of ECFMG which involved on line objective feedback of the qualifying KMC Graduates who cite him as their referee .The purpose of the advisory Committee is to ensure that the GEMx program serves the needs of the international community of medical students and their medical schools, and is aligned with the ECFMG mission, values, purposes, and strategic priorities. The advisory committee will assist in providing recommendations for the development and sustainment of the GEMx program for medical student elective exchanges.The GEMx advisory committee comprises of ECFMG and Foundation for Advancement of Graduate Medical Education and Research (FAIMER) staff Board members, international medical school officials with a role and/or experience in undergraduate medical education and international medical student exchanges. Dr Prabhu took over as dean of KMC, Mangalore on December 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17355828", "title": "Savita\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s husband to sue Irish hospital", "text": "BELGAUM: Savita's husband Praveen Halappanavar is likely to sue University Hospital Galway in Ireland for medical negligence. Savita died in hospital on October 28, after doctors refused to terminate her pregnancy, quoting Catholic law.Savita's father Andaneppa Yalagi said his son-in-law had found a lawyer to fight the case. \"Praveen told me he planned to bring a stay order on handing over any original documents to the investigation committee appointed by Health Service Executive (HSE),\" he said.Andaneppa said they don't have faith in the HSE investigation which involves members from the same hospital. \"They are the accused and it's inappropriate that they should conduct the probe. If this committee continues with the probe, there are chances of documents going missing or forgery. The documents are presently in the custody of local police,\" he said.Besides, Praveen has declined to cooperate with the HSE and told the committee that his lawyer would reply to their queries. \"I was shocked when I heard media reports that evidence regarding requests for abortion were missing. But there are several witnesses who will depose. Apart from Praveen, four of Savita's friends requested the doctors several times to terminate the pregnancy,\" Savita's father said.'India to conduct probe'Chairperson of Karnataka Health Systems Commission N Prabhu Dev blamed the University Hospital Galway authorities for misinterpreting the law. He was speaking to the media after meeting Savita's parents at their residence in Belgaum on Friday. He said the Supreme Court of Ireland had in 1995 clearly directed that the pro-life law, which comes under the Medical Council Act, be applied to remove an unwanted or unhealthy fetus when the mother's life was at risk.\"It was because of the existence of this pro-life law that an abortion clinic was opened in Dublin last month. How is it possible if there's no provision in law? Doctors didn't apply that law in Savita's case, and are to blame. Savita was sacrificed for a dead fetus,\" Prabhu Dev said.He said he had written to the chairman of the Medical Council of Ireland asking a few questions on Savita's case. He had also urged the Council to cancel the names of the doctors from the medical registry, if it was proved that they had failed to save Savita's life.Prabhu Dev also disclosed that the Indian government would conduct a separate investigation in the case and had written to the Irish government. \"The external affairs ministry will soon constitute a fact-finding committee of experts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356221", "title": "1090 gets pat from Amir Khan", "text": "LUCKNOW: After clicking with women, UP police's women powerline '1090' won an admirer in 'Mr Perfectionist', too. Bollywood actor Amir Khan , who is on a promotional trip to the city, couldn't resist appreciating the concept when he visited the '1090' office on Saturday.Wanting it to be replicated throughout the country, the actor didn't stop short of appreciating the women staff at the powerline office who have been trained to talk like 'executives' and not to sound crass. The actor, who is in the city to promote his suspense movie in which he plays a cop, was all-praise for the novel concept of the UP police.'1090' was dedicated to the women in the state by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on November 15 with an aim to providing relief from pesky and crank calls and also obscene messages, with the victim' identity being kept a secret. The system has got a huge response with number of people calling on the helpline number.The actor spent about half-an-hour at the centre and even listened patiently to one of the male constables, who was counselling one of the boys accused of making calls to a girl.DIG Navneit Sekera then explained in detail how this system works and how the cops had been trained to counsel those whose number has been given by the girl complainants.Expressing happiness over the project, Aamir even invited the women powerline team to the programme Satyamev Jayate Part II and assured the team that their work would be included in the second part of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354879", "title": "4 chains pulled in 48 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Four chain-snatchings were reported in the western suburbs in the last 48 hours.On Friday evening, when Sunita Panchal (49) was going home in Vile Parle, two persons on a bike snatched her chain worth Rs 50,000. The same evening, bike-borne men snatched the chain of Praveena Thombe (29).The chain was worth Rs 70,000. Kalina resident J C Stilenvaz's chain worth Rs 1.24 lakh was snatched by a biker in Santa Cruz (E). In Bandra, the chain of a man, who was going to Pali Naka, was snatched by two persons in an auto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355251", "title": "Film on Indian Muslim comedian well received", "text": "PANAJI: Director Craig Freidmond's film 'Material', based on an Indian Muslim comedian living in South Africa, received rave reviews at its screening at Iffi 2012.\"The support for the film was fantastic. Especially since it wasn't a political film,\" Freidmond said.\"There are over one-and-a-half million Indians living in South Africa,\" he said, adding that there was negligible cooperation in the film industry sector between South Africa and India.The film is conceptually based on Indian Muslim Riaad Moussa, a comedian in South Africa, who plays the protagonist. \"Moussa studied to become a doctor, but always wanted to be a comedian, much to the dismay of his family. This is a community that isn't particularly interested in comedians. They appreciate humour, but are very reclusive,\" Freidmond said.'Material' revolves around the struggle of 'Cassim' who wants to be a comedian, but is destined to run his father's textile business. \"It was very difficult to achieve the right representation of this community and get access into their psyche. They were initially suspicious of my intentions,\" said Freidmond. Moussa was his 'inside' person who gave him insights into how an Indian Muslim family reacted in various situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355486", "title": "Uniform regulations for PhD in all varsities", "text": "PATNA: It is official now. All the universities of the state would adopt uniform regulations governing the award of PhD degrees from the academic session 2012-13. The governor-cum-chancellor, Devanand Konwar, has accorded his assent to the revised regulations.The uniform regulations were recommended by the chancellor's advisory committee in the light of the University Grant Commission (UGC) guidelines of 2009 and Bihar government's letter of 2010. Now, they stand approved by the statutory bodies of different universities of the state. The UGC had directed the universities to adopt new regulations in 2011.The new regulations provide that admission for a PhD programme shall be advertised in leading newspapers and uploaded on the respective university's website. The university will conduct an entrance test followed by an interview for the admission of research scholars.The regulations further provide that after having been admitted to the PhD programme, each student shall be required to undertake a pre-PhD course work for a minimum of one semester (six months). The minimum qualifying requirement for allowing a student to proceed further shall be decided by the departmental council.The maximum number of candidates to be registered under an assistant professor, associate professor and professor shall be four, six and eight, respectively. A retired teacher can supervise not more than two scholars.Prior to the submission of the final thesis, the candidate shall have to publish at least one research paper in a standard referred journal. The scholar will also have to make a pre-PhD presentation in the department concerned along with a draft of the thesis. For the appointment of examiners, the supervisor shall submit a panel of seven teachers, including himself. The panel must include at least four teachers of different universities of India and there shall not be more than two names of external examiners from the universities of Bihar.After the successful completion of the evaluation process and announcement of the award of the degree, the university shall submit a soft copy of the thesis to the UGC within a month for hosting the same on INFLIBNET, making it accessible to all the institutions and universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354590", "title": "Jailed Gujrat cop gets extra cover", "text": "MUMBAI: Security measures in Taloja jail have been enhanced to protect suspended IPS officer D G Vanjara, an accused in the Sohrabuddin Shaikh fake encounter case.Vanjara and other accused were produced before a Mumbai court which remanded them in judicial custody on Friday. The Gujarat state intelligence bureau (SIB) had earlier warned that two SIMI members were planning to attack Vanjara in jail.After the encounter, Vanjara's team had told mediapersons that Sohrabuddin was planning to kill a politician. Subsequently, Vanjara was arrested and jailed, but was provided 'Z plus' security cover. However, whether or not the security blanket will continue will be decided by the court in the next hearing.Meanwhile, the jail authorities held a meeting to discuss security around Vanjara's prison cell. \"Vanjara is lodged in our jail and sufficient security has been provided to keep him in safe custody,\" said a jail source. While officials refused to divulge information about Vanjara's security plan, they added that sufficient protection was being provided. Authorities say the arrival of several gangsters and high-profile prisoners has created a law and order problem.\"There is a constant fear of clashes breaking out between gangsters. We want more staffers to ensure that the situation is kept under control,\" said a cop.Several inmates transferred to Taloja were involved in feuds with rivals. Abu Salem's aide Hasan Mehndi, who was attacked by rival gang members at Arthur Road two years ago, was shifted to Taloja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17356780", "title": "Tight security for Datta Mala atop Bababudangiri today", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The district administration has beefed up security for Srirama Sena's Datta Mala programme atop Bababudangiri scheduled for Sunday.Elaborating on the security measures taken, superintendent of police Shashikumar said 10 CCTV cameras have been fixed at all vulnerable points, including the Datta cave, the entrance to the cave and at all important circles in the city.Police have formed 10 check posts at all entry points to Bababudangiri from the district and neighbouring districts. Checkposts have been erected at Uppalli, Ramanahalli, Mallandur Road, near ABC Coffee Curing Works, Belur Road, Kaimara, between Kemmannugundi and Bababudangiri route, Kakharayapattana, Aldur and Balehonnur.POLICEMEN TAKE GUARD A total of 953 policemen have been deployed in the city, en route to the hill and surrounding the Datta peetha. Three deputy superintendents of police, 10 circle inspectors, 40 sub-inspectors, 50 assistant sub-inspectors, 100 head constables, 500 police constables and 300 homeguards have been posted for security. Seven platoons of the Karnataka State Reserve Police and 10 platoons of District Armed Reserve have been kept ready to tackle any situation.Mala-wearing devotees will be allowed inside the cave for only a 'darshan' of the Datta sandals and no rituals will be allowed inside or outside the cave. A 'shamiyana' has been erected far away from the disputed site, where devotees can conduct any rituals. Medical assistance has been provided. Cranes, ambulance have been sent to the hills. Srirama Sena has said that more than 15,000 mala-wearing devotees will congregate atop the hill on Sunday. Srirama Sena chief Pramod Muthalik and some religious mutt heads will participate in the congregation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17356528", "title": "Probe ordered into yagnam at government hospital", "text": "MADURAI: The yagnam conducted by Hindu outfits in the government hospital premises in Madurai has sparked a controversy with the district administration ordering a probe into it.An inquiry by a revenue divisional officer began on Saturday, even as the Hindu outfits defended the yagnam and condemned the district administration for the inquiry. Collector Anshul Mishra who took exception to the ritual when dengue was being tackled in a scientific manner, said the inquiry report would be sent to the state government. Besides representatives from Hindu outfits including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, public and a hospital staff also participated in the yagnam held on Thursday morning.\"We should be concentrating on tackling dengue medically and not through rituals. The yagnam is uncalled for,\" said Mishra. Though the district administration is not against offering prayers, conducting a homam inside an institution premises like GRH could not be accepted in our secular set-up,\" he said.The homams were organised by members of the VHP with the consent of the hospital authorities. The maha mrutyunjaya homam was performed to \"achieve victory over death\", whereas Dhanvantri homam was conducted to \"shield people from all health ailments,\" said Chinmaya R Somasundaram, state secretary and Madurai district president, VHP.He claimed that the homams were conducted with the consent of the authorities of the hospital and that N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College and GRH took part in them and received prasad. Ten doctors and around 50 nurses from the hospital also took part in the homams,\" he said. However, Mohan denied that he was aware of the yagnam and said he too had ordered an inquiry. \"We offer treatment having faith in science. We will take severe action if we find such acts were performed in the hospital without the knowledge of the authorities,\" he said.Hindu Munnani state executive committee member Adisheshan defended the homams, stating that offering prayers to seek divine intervention was not wrong and it was conducted to instill faith among people getting treatment. He pointed out that similar prayers were held in front of officials when water was released from reservoirs. Farmers too held such prayers seeking rain during drought. Mishra said the dengue situation was under control in the district and that the situation in Melur was significantly improving. At present, there were 85 people under treatment for dengue in government hospitals and 15 deaths had officially been reported, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17354853", "title": "With 2,400, Bangalore boy aces SAT", "text": "BANGALORE: Sixteen-year-old Nischal Nadhamuni's achievement is breathtakingly awesome: a SAT score of 2,400 out of 2,400 in his first attempt. This Bangalore boy is perhaps one of the few worldwide to have scored cent pent in the test.SAT (earlier Scholastic Aptitude Test but now an empty acronym) is the most widely used college admission test in the US. Designed \"to assess a student's academic readiness for college\", the four-hour test consists of three components: mathematics, critical reading, and writing.Nischal, a Grade 11 student of Mallya Aditi International School, wrote the exam on November 3. When the results came out on November 20, it took him some time to digest it. \"When I started preparing for SAT, it was intimidating. My scores were around 2,000. There was motivation to work hard and practice did the rest. As much as you learn the techniques, you won't move forward unless you practise,\" Nischal said.Nischal, who says he is not particularly studious, took 25 practice tests.\"I am more of a TV person. Once in a while, I get hooked to a book. For the test, I learnt 5,000 words in three months. Every day, I'd sit with my mom and cards and figure out new ways to remember words. I've forgotten a lot of them now! I knew most words in the test. The few I didn't know could be easily inferred from the context,\" Nischal told STOI.Nischal found SAT maths very easyMaths was a cakewalk for Nischal Nadhamuni, the 16-year-old Bangalorean who scored a perfect 2,400 in SAT. \"It's Grade 8 questions and I never found it tough,\" he said. \"Yes, you have to work hard. But you also need some luck,\" he said.Both his parents are computer engineers. He's a keen tennis player and played many All-India Tennis Association tournaments at state and national levels. \"I'm not a good writer, so we did a lot of research. The subjects are usually based on philosophy and the one I got was 'Are people too serious?' The prompt was whether we spend too much time at work. I cited Beethoven and Obama - the musician was never good with people, and Obama tries to have a good work-life balance,\" said Nischal,who idolizes the American president.An avid debater, Nischal has participated in many interschool competitions and Model United Nations conferences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17356441", "title": "Tibetans hold vigils against self-immolation as toll reaches 81", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: With one more Tibetan setting himself afire on Saturday, the number of self-immolations in Tibet reached 81 thus triggering vigil and protests in hill destination, McLeodganj.The Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) on Saturday reiterated its concern over the alarming rise in self-immolations. \"Tadin Dorjee, 29, set himself afire at the entrance of Dokarmo town office in Tsekhog in Malho of north-eastern Tibet around 6.30pm (local time) on Friday. He then chanted prayers for the long life of His Holiness the Dalai Lama with folded hands. He died on the spot,\" CTA stated.Hundreds of Tibetans here offered prayers and attended candlelight vigils besides organizing plays, theatres to showcase the cause of Tibetans in Tibet to tourists and local community. \"The Chinese authorities have disrupted Internet and phone services following the incident. With this, five persons ended their lives in last six days and 19 within this month,\" read an official statement of the CTA.Earlier this month, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay had strongly urged the Chinese government to \"promptly address the long-standing grievances that have led to an alarming escalation in desperate forms of protest, including self-immolations, in Tibetan areas\", and that she was disturbed by \"continuing allegations of violence against Tibetans seeking to exercise their fundamental human rights\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358786", "title": "Sur Kshetra: Atif Aslam misbehaved with Asha Bhosle", "text": "While the contestants on an Indo-Pak music contest Sur Kshetra battle it out on the music floor, far less concordant notes were stuck behind the scenes when according to sources from the set in Dubai where the entire show was shot, Pakistant pop singer Atif Aslam continuously behaved in an abrupt and rude fashion with his iconic co-judge Asha Bhosle .While the iconic singer, not known to suffer highhanded behaviour, took the arrogant behaviour sportingly enough for a while she finally gave up and walked out of the show. Apparently it took all of the channel Sahara India's CEO Boney Kapoor's persuasive powers to bring her back on the show.In her effort to downplay the differences with the Tere bin singer, Ashaji brushes off the younger singer's rudeness. \"It's just drama and masala to get viewers' attention. Atif is a very good boy. And so handsome. He touched my feet at the beginning of the show and said I was like his mother. Yes , we did have some initial differences. But nothing major,just like a mother bickering with her child.\"Ashaji says she kept away from the show for some weeks not because of her differences with Atif but because she was unwell.However the Sur Kshetra producer Gajendra Singh spills the beans saying, \"Atif's conduct with Ashaji was not proper. We were all shocked and wondered why he was behaving this way. Finally matters came to a head and Ashaji walked out of the show for a couple of weeks. Two people persuaded her to return. One was Boney Kapoor and the other was Ashaji's niece Rachana Shah. If they hadn't mediated God knows what we'd have done. Ashaji is like the foundation and touchstone of the show.\"All efforts to contact Atif Aslam proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354072", "title": "Build loos, but also toilet train men", "text": "NEW DELHI: While men urinating on Delhi streets is a common sight, the recent shooting of a 17-year-old girl who tried to stop her 26-year-old neighbour from urinating outside her house has shaken public consciousness. Although there is acute shortage of public toilets in the city, experts say a lot must be done to change the mindset of its menfolk.\"It is social conditioning that has to be blamed. We must change mindsets and improve infrastructure. At present, there aren't many toilets, especially for men, in the city,\" Nirat Bhatnagar, principal of Quicksand, a multi-disciplinary innovation consultancy, said.The consultancy along with WASHUnited has launched a campaign - Toilets Are Beautiful - in partnership with the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation to eradicate the twin problems of outdoor defecation and street urination.However, many would disagree with Bhatnagar on one count. The erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi did construct some 700-odd urinals for the men of the city but completely forgot its women. And despite allocation of close to Rs 3 crore for women's toilets in its budget, not a single washroom came up. Post-trifurcation, the three mayors - all women - did nothing to ensure that women have access to clean toilets. \"We will do something about it. So far, there has been no proposal for construction of toilets for women,\" Annapurna Mishra, mayor of East Delhi Municipal Corporation, said.In absence of public toilets, women often look for a restaurant or mall to relieve themselves. \"When I am travelling, I prefer not to drink tea or water. If we must go, we walk into a restaurant to use the facilities,\" Shweta Saxena, a garments designer, said.But with men using the public space, especially pavements, instead, it is the pedestrians who have a rough time. In GK-I M Block, the toilet built by the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi lies in disrepair. The traders' association claims the new corporation is yet to issue a contract for its maintenance. \"The toilet is close to a parking lot and the stench there is unbearable. There are two toilets in the market, neither is maintained,\" Rajinder Sharda, chairman of GK-I M Block Traders Association, said.The ratio of the city's population and number of public toilets is abysmal, experts say. There are fewer than 6,000 public toilets and most are not maintained. \"Toilets are not on the government's priority list,\" Bindeshwar Pathak, founder of Sulabh International, said.He believes the government should take up construction of toilets on an urgent basis but impose fine on offenders at the same time. \"Though we have to construct new facilities, its maintenance is equally important to encourage people to use it. For street urination, in most foreign countries there is a hefty fine. It makes sense for we must penalize the people who dirty our cities,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17354994", "title": "Panel says international school charged steep fees", "text": "NASHIK: The inquiry committee appointed by the Zilla Parishad education officer to probe the alleged steep fee hike by Rasbihari International School (RIS), has arrived at a conclusion that the school had indeed charged exorbitant fees for 2012-13. The panel said that the deputy director of education should, after studying the audit report of the school, take a call.The school had allegedly hiked the fees by 60% from this academic year which the parents have been opposing since the open house in April 2012. After silent protests with the help of the volunteers of Forum Against Commercialisation of Education (FACE), an inquiry committee was set up by the education officer of the ZP at the behest of the deputy director of education.The three-member committee of education extension officers had prepared three reports since early August to early October, which the parents were not satisfied. Another committee was appointed in mid-October to probe into the issue, this time with a two-member committee of extension officers. They submitted the report to the education officer of ZP recently mentioning that they had visited the school on November 6 and have come to the conclusion on the basis of the discussions with the parents and the school and the documents provided by the school.Extension officers K V Tungar and B G Garad have appealed to the education officer to take further steps to take the final decision on the fee structure for which the audit report and the fee proposal of the school. They said that this needs to be done at the soon to address the grievances of the parents at the earliest.The parents of the students of RIS and the volunteers of FACE have welcomed the decision of the committee and have also thanked all the education officers of the ZP for listening to the parents' grievances and studying all the documents before submitting the report.Meanwhile, manager of the school Madhav Deshpande, when contacted, declined to comment, claiming that the school had not received any communication on the issu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "17355100", "title": "St Xavier's novenas: Thousands throng Old Goa", "text": "OLD GOA: Thousands of devotees and pilgrims from across the state thronged Old Goa on Saturday to pay homage to St Francis Xavier, as the nine-day novena commenced in preparation for the annual feast of the saint to be celebrated on December 3.Eight masses were celebrated in a specially erected pandal outside the Basilica at 6am, 7.15am, 8.15am, 9.30am, 10.30am, 3.45pm, 5.15pm and 6.15pm (English). Since Pope Benedict XVI has declared this year as the International Year of Faith, the theme selected for this year's novena and feast is: \"By Faith, Like St Francis Xavier To Life In Abundance\".The feast mass will be celebrated on December 3 by Archbishop Patriarch Filipe Neri Ferrao and concelebrated by Archbishop emeritus Raul Gonslaves, Bishop of Jalandhar Anil Couto and several other priests from different parishes across the state. On the feast day, masses will be celebrated from 4am, 5am, 6am, 7am, 8am, 9am, 10.30am, (feast mass) 12.30pm, 3pm (Spanish), 4pm, 5pm, and 6 pm (English).Parish novena masses will be celebrated daily at 8.15am. On November 25 Usgao, November 26 Sao Bras, November 27 Carmona, November 28 Arambol, November 29 Calvim, November 30 Tivim, December 1 Velsao and December 2 Chorao. Sources informed that seating arrangements have been made for 10,000 devotees in the specially erected pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17359217", "title": "India vs England: Jonny Bairstow out to controversial decision in 2nd Test", "text": "MUMBAI: England batsman Jonny Bairstow , who was dismissed in the final over before lunch on day three of the ongoing second Test against India here today, may not have been out as per the laws of cricket.Bairstow stretched forward and tried to flick left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha against the turn and the ball went to Gautam Gambhir at silly point, struck the fielder's hand and hit his helmet's grill and dropped back into his hands.The batsman walked off immediately and the fielding side as well as not out batsman Kevin Pietersen too walked off the field for lunch with the two umpires.But replays later showed exactly what happened and the two umpires, Tony Hill and Aleem Dar, were seen having a discussion with India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni just before they trooped out for the start of the second session.It was not clear what exactly transpired in the conversation between the two umpires and the India captain. The decision stayed and Samit Patel came out to bat after lunch with Pietersen.Incidentally, in the last series between the two teams in which India was whitewashed 4-0, a huge controversy had erupted in the second Test at Trent Bridge, when Ian Bell , who was on 137, left the crease thinking that a hit by his partner at the wicket Eoin Morgan had crossed the boundary and that the two umpires had called tea.Fielder Praveen Kumar threw in from the deep after the ball had stopped just inside the ropes back to the middle and the bails were taken off. The Indians appealed and Bell was given out.The batsman walked off but was reinstated after Dhoni, in a rare gesture of sportsmanship following a discussion between the two teams' managements, withdrew the appeal and Bell batted on before getting out at 159.But no such thing was repeated this time and Bairstow stayed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17353993", "title": "Swashbuckler Kevin Pietersen meets legend Shane Warne", "text": "MUMBAI: Legendary Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne and England star Kevin Pietersen go back a long way. Warne was the captain of Hampshire when Pietersen came to the county from Nottingham and had a successful time playing under the Aussie at Southampton.Hence it was no surprise to see the two of them indulge in a long and friendly chat before the start of play. Warne, who is in Mumbai as a commentator, ended the conversation with a huge smile on his face.Probably, he must have told him, \"Good thing I'm not bowling at you on this wicket.\" Interestingly, the last time Warne played competitive cricket in India was at the Wankhede, when his team Rajasthan Royals thumped Mumbai Indians in the 2011 IPL.Hurt and soulAnyone who has fielded at short-leg will tell you how much heart and courage one needs to field there. Saturday's events indicated that one also should be prepared to get hurt. India's first-innings hero Cheteshwar Pujara got a nasty whack on the back as he couldn't avoid a Cook sweep.It was Cook's way of getting back at the batsman after Pujara pulled one on to his shins on Day 1. He looked winded after the blow and had to be replaced by substitute Ajinkya Rahane.The Mumbai batsman too was in the way of three sweeps that Cook played and a fierce one off Kevin Pietersen at the fag end of the day struck him flash on the arm. The blow took him off the field and India had to bring on a substitute for a substitute. This time it was M Vijay's turn. .On a lean TrottLife has not been easy for England's No. 3 Jonathan Trott. Just 15 months ago, he was voted as the ICC Cricketer of the Year and the ICC Test Cricketer of the Year. But in India, he can hardly buy a run. He has had two ducks in two Tests already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17356897", "title": "Gujrat NCP chief files nomination from Umreth", "text": "VADODARA: State chief of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Jayant Patel alias Boskey filed his nomination papers from Umreth assembly constituency in Anand district on Saturday.Boskey was expected to file his nomination after Congress and NCP reached an agreement. Meanwhile, former state health minister Subhash Shelat, a senior Congressman, too filed his nomination as an independent. Boskey, who was representing Sarsa assembly constituency, was looking for a fresh seat after Sarsa constituency got eliminated due to delimitation. With Boskey filing his papers, dream of Umreth's sitting Congress MLA Lalsinh Vadodia to contest for a second term has been shattered.Vadodia is in a fix as he is finding it difficult to rebel against Congress which he had joined in 2006 after leaving the saffron fold and was given a ticket despite opposition from within the Congress in 2007.Shelat, a three time MLA from Congress who had served till 1998, on the other hand filed his nomination papers claiming that he had already submitted his resignation to the party a fortnight ago.After filing nomination papers, Boskey said he will have no problems in winning the seat for which elections will be held in the second round on December 17.On speculations that BJP will field Bhushan Bhatt, the party's Khadia MLA and son of former speaker of Gujarat assembly late Ashok Bhatt, from the Umreth constituency, Boskey told media persons that he wasn't afraid of anybody's candidature. \"Even if they bring a candidate from Pakistan, I will have no problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355746", "title": "Seminar on fire and safety ends", "text": "INDORE: Institute of Engineering and Science of IPS Academy organized a two-day national seminar on fire and safety techniques, which ended on Saturday. The keynote speaker KK Nair of Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL) said that even a small negligence can result into a big disaster. He shared the case of recent fire incident in BHEL , Bhopal which occurred due to a piece of cloth mucked with oil.The seminar was inaugurated by former director, Central Labour Institute, SS Gautam. He said that there are rules and regulations for factories and industries which can avoid such incidences if followed. Pressure, temperature and viscosity are the reasons of accidents in industries. Praveen Patel, head of department, fire and safety engineering, GV Kulkarni, Archna Kirti Chaudhary and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355638", "title": "Anti-hijack mock drill at Patna airport", "text": "PATNA: The airport authorities conducted an anti-hijack mock drill at Jayaprakash Narayan international airport on Saturday. The mock drill lasted for about an hour.Senior Airports Authority of India ( AAI) and government officials, including principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, DGP Abhayanand and the Patna airport director Arvind Dubey were present on the occasion.Dubey said, \"Instead of using an aircraft, a four-wheeler was used to carry out the exercise and all the possible fallout of a hijack were simulated during the exercise. Such exercises are carried out every year to test the alertness of officials.\"Subhani exhibited his negotiation skills and was seen talking to the four hijackers. While negotiations were on, the routine precautionary steps like blocking the runway with fire brigade vehicle were also taken. Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel, who were in the role of NSG commandos, ambushed the plane and hypothetically killed all the four hijackers.Dubey said permission for such a drill is taken well in advance.The DGCA issued the guideline for a mock drill after the IC 814 hijacking on December 24, 1999.The aircraft had first landed at Amritsar then took off to Lahore in Pakistan. To control such movements, mock drills are conducted at every airport.Two youths dupedAn FIR was lodged on Saturday with the Jakkanpur police station against unknown persons for duping two youths in Patna. \"One Vidyasagar Thakur, a native of Darbhanga, lodged an FIR claiming some unknown persons offered him water after consuming which he fell unconscious. When the bus reached Jakkanpur bus stand, fellow passengers carried him to the police station. According to the FIR, Thakur's laptop, mobile and cash were missing,\" said the Jakkanpur SHO. Another drug victim Pintu Thakur of Nalanda was found in another bus. He is being treated at PMCH. No complaint has been lodged by Pintu so far. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356160", "title": "Caught between poll promise &amp; law", "text": "LUCKNOW: The promises made by the Samajwadi Party in its election manifesto regarding the withdrawal of terror cases against 'innocent' Muslims languishing in jails and the recent terse observation of the Allahabad High Court, has put the party in a dilemma. In fact, senior party leaders too have started to question the very need of such a poll promise.Senior SP leader and Maharashtra in-charge of the party Abu Azmi has already accused the SP government in Uttar Pradesh of delay in withdrawing terror cases in which 'innocent' Muslims were languishing in jail. \"Mulayam Singh ji had visited Azamgarh in the run-up to the assembly elections and I had accompanied him as I belong to Azamgarh. He assured the people of Azamgarh that the government will ensure that all innocent Muslims languishing in jail in cases related to terror attack, are set free. Not only this, he had also assured that the government will also provide due financial compensation to such innocent accused. Now the party is not talking about it,\" Azmi had said during his recent visit to Azamgarh.Now more and more leaders are joining Azmi. \"If the government knew that it will not be easy to fulfil such a promise, then why did party made one in the election manifesto,\" said a senior SP leader talking to TOI. \"It is getting difficult for us to answer questions on these issues,\" he said. Similar sentiments were aired by more than half-a-dozen senior leaders including ministers in Akhilesh cabinet.To say the least, political rivals are already in a combative mode on the issue. Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Friday slammed the SP government for \"letting off terrorists\". Talking to reporters outside Parliament in New Delhi, Mayawati said her party would raise the matter in the House, as this move could set a dangerous precedent. The Bharatiya Janata Party had already announced that it will oppose the SP government's move tooth and nail.The only hope to steer clear of the issue is to initiate action on the basis of the findings of Justice RD Nimesh Commission that was constituted by the Bahujan Samaj Party government in March 2008 to probe the arrests of Hakeem Tariq of Azamgarh and Khalid Mujahid of Jaunpur in serial court blasts cases. The report is believed to have described the arrests as illegal. But, it is the second half of the report that has come as a road block for the government. The latter half of the report apparently suggests criminal proceedings against the STF sleuths for the arrests.Already in the dock for the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, initiating action against STF sleuths in line with the Nimesh Commission findings would be one option that the Akhilesh Yadav would not dare to touch even with a barge-pole. With Muslim organizations already waiting impatiently for the government to live up to its promise of releasing innocent Muslims jailed for terror attacks, the SP government is short of choices.Meanwhile, the Allahabad High Court on Thursday had lashed out at the state government for its initiative to withdraw terror charges against those accused of the 2006 Varanasi serial blasts.A bench of Justice RK Agarwal and Justice RSR Maurya wondered if the government's move will end up encouraging terror activities. \"Who will decide if a person is a terrorist or not? Since the cases in question are pending before the court, it should be left for the courts to decide.\" The court also observed, \"Today the government wants to withdraw cases against terror accused. Tomorrow they will be decorated with Padma Bhushan.\"The judges made these observations while hearing a PIL by social activists Nityanand Chaubey and Rakesh Nayayik of Varanasiquestioning the government's move to withdraw the cases. The petitioners' counsel informed the court that the state government had already issued orders dated October 31, 2012 seeking the comments of the prosecution on withdrawing of cases against Waliullah and Shameem, arrested in connection with the March 7, 2006 serial blasts in Varanasi, despite the fact that they had confessed their involvement. Waliullah's interrogation had also led to recovery of items used in the terror attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17361107", "title": "RiRi upset with Rita Ora for copying her look", "text": "Rihanna is apparently furious with singer Rita Ora for stealing her style.The 24-year-old Barbadian singer spotted Ora in VMAs, wearing a dress similar to the one she wore in 2010.\"Rihanna was furious when she spotted Rita Ora's dress for the VMAs, a rose gown that looked like one she wore in 2010,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as saying.\"But she was even more annoyed when Rita went on stage using an umbrella as a prop,\" the source added.Rihanna had considered 21-year-old Ora as cute, but is now upset with her.\"When Rita started her career, Rihanna thought it was cute that she was copying her look,\" a source said.\"But now she's getting p***ed off, especially as Rita is getting a following by using her old tricks,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356457", "title": "Unsure 3D effect will work, Narendra Modi to hit the road", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358268", "title": "I tried to look like Jennifer Lopez: Scherzinger", "text": "Singer Nicole Scherzinger says she once sported a \"horrible\" blonde style because she wanted to look like Jennifer Lopez .The 34-year-old decided to copy Lopez and change her long, dark locks but it had disastrous results.\"I dyed my hair blonde once and it was horrible. I was in my early 20s and trying to look like J-Lo. It didn't work,\" contactmusic.com quoted Scherzinger as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354770", "title": "Late night jams reported on Expressway", "text": "GURGAON: A massive traffic jam was reported on Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway on Saturday night.The Delhi-to-Gurgaon side was blocked with vehicles owing to marriages taking place in banquet halls in Mahipalpur and Rajokri. As a result, hundreds of people had parked their vehicles on the service lanes. The overall volume of vehicular movement was also high given that it was a Saturday night.According to police, a tree had fallen near Rajokri flyover leading to further chaos. Gurgaon-bound commuters had a tough time reaching their destination. Congestion was reported at all the exit points between Mahipalpur and the 32-lane toll plaza.When contacted, a DGSCL spokesperson said police were informed about the situation, but given the fact that marriages were taking place in all the banquet halls, congestion could not be avoided. He added that towaway vans had been kept to remove vehicles blocking the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355584", "title": "Bihar govt plans adventure sports at Valmiki Tiger Reserve", "text": "PATNA: The state government plans to promote adventure sports - rafting and mountaineering --- at the Valmiki Tiger Reserve (VTR) forest area. Its eco-tourism and some other projects are still in the pipeline.\"We have plans of introducing boating, rafting and mountaineering to draw adventure sports enthusiasts to the VTR,\" said divisional forest officer (DFO), Range 1, Kanwaljeet Singh, adding, \"We will also have a guide training programme to instruct 20 local boys, in the first phase, on how to interact with the tourists and brief them about it.\"Singh said plans to put up a stall of VTR at the Sonepur fair were also underway. \"Entry gates would be put up at Madanpur, Goberdhana and Manguraha. Tourists will be charged a reasonable amount for sightseeing,\" he said. The government also plans to develop more rest houses with the increase in the number of tourists.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"About 90 motion sensor cameras would be placed at the VTR by this December to determine the exact number of Royal Bengal Tigers or other species in the area.\" The government is working on a proposal to arrange paying-guest accommodation for tourists wishing to stay in villages to know more about Bihar culture, he said.\"We would also talk to the Nepal government about improving the condition of 'Valmiki Ashram' at Chitwan National Park, Nepal,\" Modi said, adding that cheap LPG connections would be provided to the local households to reduce the cutting of trees for firewood as it would also benefit women who suffer due to smoke. \"Timber would be provided at reasonable rates to locals for constructing their houses to minimize deforestation,\" Modi said.Regarding the shortage of armed guards and field staff at the VTR, Dipak Kumar Singh, secretary, environment and forest department, said the problem would be solved soon. \"Under the Tiger Management Plan, grasslands, that are a natural habitat of wild animals, would be developed at the VTR. Anti-poaching camps would be organized, sensitive points would be marked for intensive patrolling and security arrangements would be tightened to prevent and put off forest fires,\" he said.The state government would also promote the folk and traditional art forms of the area to attract tourists. Under the Tharu Development Authority, efforts were being made to develop the skills of the Tharu youth and commercially market their works, said PHED minister Chandra Mohan Rai.The government also plans to encourage local youths to invest in vehicles and hire them out to tourists for jungle safari and make it a source of income.Ashram, a tourists' hotspotVithika SalomiAmong the number of places of tourists interest in the area is Valmiki Ashram. Travelling through the VTR, one reaches the ashram at the Chitwan National Park (CNP), Nepal. It has a small temple and is the hermitage of Valmiki, the sage who wrote the epic Ramayan.The ashram is believed to be more than 17 lakh years old, said its head priest Shekhar Suvedi. He said the hermitage is of the Ramayana era and is thronged by believers in the month of 'Magh'. \"All through the year, people who come to the park also visit the ashram. However, in January-February, many believers especially come to visit the temple,\" he said.Valmiki Ashram is the place where Sita, wife of Lord Ram, is believed to have taken shelter after she was renounced by Ram. It is here that she gave birth to Luv and Kush who, later, stopped the horse of the famous 'Ashwamedh' yajna. The relics of these events and their tokens, such as 'Gauri-Shankar conch', 'Amrit Kuan' and Sita's 'spice-grinding spot' are still present at the ashram making it a centre of attraction for tourists from across the world.\"The 'Vishnu chakra' at the ashram is photographed by many tourists who keep it in their lockets or rings as it is believed to shield one against accidents. The ashram also has a 'yajna kund' where Rishi Valmiki performed havan with 88,000 other rishis for world peace,\" Suvedi said, adding, the local people developed the ashram and a few families living nearby took care of it.Apart from the ashram, the VTR has another spot of religious interest - the 'Nardevi' temple. Lakhmani Puri, the temple priest, said, \"The temple is believed to have brought happiness to many lives. People come here to pray for their wishes and the Goddess bless them with all they want.\" He said the temple attracts a huge crowd on Mondays.Not far from these two places is the 'Jatashankar' temple of Lord Shiva. It's priest, Rifali Puri, who has been here for about 11 years, said, \"The temple is ancient and believed to belong to the times of 'Alha-Udal', famous Rajput warriors. It is believed that all your wishes are granted here.\"The 'Madanpur Devi' temple is also a few kilometers from the VTR.Apart from the religious places of interest, nature lovers can also experience some beautiful sightseeing locations. The Gandak barrage is one of the major attractions of Valmiki Nagar. The barrage is jointly owned by India and Nepal and has 36 gates, of which both countries have 18 each. 'Triveni' in Nepal and Ganauli and Harnatan forest range offer diverse wildlife shelters.Ashokan Pillar at Lauriya, Bhikhna Thori, Done area, Udaipur wildlife sanctuary, Goberdhana and the Someshwar hills also provide options to tourists who want to relax in the lap of nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10618869", "title": "Lunchtime at work, an absolute high point!", "text": "Lunchtime at work is always a fantastic spread. With people from all kinds of backgrounds, foodies have a field day...'Lunchbox culture' is something that we Indians can call our own. It's a tradition that has been passed on down for ages. Perhaps, it is the fact that we were always taught that guests are god that we have imbibed that taken it along with us as we grew up. From the inception of Dabbawalas since 1880 ( Yes, that's an insanely long time) to the 'tiffin culture' of south India, food has always been an integral part of our working class. The Dabbawalas have employed thousands of uneducated people as well as fed thousands of educated ones, slogging away at offices. They are world famous, a proof being that Prince Charles visited them! The concept of lunching together in office has become a therapeutic experience with people from all backgrounds bringing in scrumptious food from home. Who wouldn't like some change after all, right?Kiran Dey, an IT professional, brims at the thought of lunch time. \"Its always such a pleasure to open tiffin boxes in front of a group who is impatiently waiting for lunch time! Everyone has something different to offer,\" says Kiran. Their team consists of two Bengalis, one Malayalee, one Punjabi and one Marwadi. \"Now you see when I tell you that everyone has something to offer. From Bengali sweets to avail, we have it all,\" gushes Kiran. Its not just about the food but also the fact that they get to interact on so many levels.Food has always been a social lubricant of sorts. Whenever you are meeting someone new, you go out and meet at a favourite restaurant or coffee shop. It brings out dynamic conversations and is a great way to boost a relation, be it a friend, a lover or a colleague. \"We talk about the food mainly,\" grins Shalini Rajesh, another lunchtime lover. Shalini, a journalist sits during breaks with her editorial team and shares food. \"Some of us are from outside the city but we still get food from wherever we are staying. Its fun because we get to talk. When I was new to the team, my parathas helped me mingle with the group!\" says Shalini. She also mentions how the boss and other colleagues from different departments join in. \"It creates a positive vibe. And I also think it's a great ice breaker!,\" says Shalini.Although this is a fun activity and an excellent way to enhance communication amongst new people, there is a small question about the divide between non-vegetarians and vegetarians. \"Not everyone is open with the fact that they may have to sit at a table where someone's eating non-veg. My colleague walked away and refused to sit with us because I brought egg to office,\" says Nihar, another IT professional. There may be such problems but usually they are solved by communicating, rather than hiding the fact that one is not comfortable in the presence of non-vegetarian food. \"When my friend Sonal, whose a Marwadi joins us for lunch, I make sure that I don't bring non-vegetarian. I respect her and I think I'm willing to do that,\" says Akansha Lal.Well, food's always been the one thing on our list that can get the most timid of all talking. Lunchtime especially has been a novel idea to encourage that. Here's to food and everybody who loves them!rehna.k@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354356", "title": "Raisina road blast case: Death row convict faces mental trauma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Life is crueler than death. This may very well hold true for death row convict Devinderpal Singh Bhullar, the Khalistan Liberation Force member who was sentenced to death in the Raisina Road blast case in August 2001.There has been no execution thanks to a legal battle on clemency. According to the doctors at Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences in east Delhi - where Bhullar is undergoing treatment for severe depression - constant fear of execution has induced psychotic features in him.\"Bhullar has been admitted at our hospital for over a year but there has been no improvement in his condition. We have informed the courts and the jail authorities about this but there is no clear instruction on what should be done next,\" said Dr Nimesh G Desai, director of IHBAS.Another doctor said, \"Regular counselling is the mainstay for treatment of depression and psychotic features. However, it has not been effective in this case. Every now and then Bhullar hallucinates about being hanged to death, and then he often screams and shouts for help.\" At least twice Bhullar has tried to end his life, sources said. \"On some nights, he suddenly wakes up and starts screaming 'spare me' and 'don't hang me' and even refuses to meet his lawyers,\" a source said.Bhullar was sentenced to death for an assassination attempt on then Youth Congress head M S Bitta in 1993. In 2002, he filed a mercy petition with the President but the plea was finally rejected last year. In the same year, the Supreme Court allowed Bhullar to file an unprecedented second appeal against the death sentence and an order on it is still awaited. \"Inordinate delay in deciding over execution is crueler than death itself. The convict dies every day thinking that he will be hanged. In my opinion, such decisions must be taken at the earliest,\" said a human rights activist.Bitta, on the other hand, alleged that Bhullar's illness is a drama being orchestrated by influential political leaders. \"He is acting as a mentally-ill person to escape execution and the authorities are supporting him in doing so. There is politics behind the delay in execution too. Bhullar must meet the same fate as Ajmal Kasab ,\" he said.K T S Tulsi, lawyer for Bhullar, said that death sentence cases should be decided by a bench of five judges and there should be unanimity among all for execution. While deciding in his case, one of the Supreme Court judges, M B Shah, acquitted Bhullar on the ground that his alleged complicity in a 1993 car bomb attack was based entirely on his own confession to the police and that they had failed to corroborate his statement after he had retracted it. But the other two judges on the Supreme Court bench had overruled by not only convicting but also sentencing him to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355672", "title": "Vishwakarma award for craftsmen", "text": "INDORE: Three craftsmen of Madhya Pradesh Handicrafts and Handloom Development Corporation were awarded with Vishwakarma prize by the state government. Mohammad Bilal of Baag Printers, block maker Shyam Prasad Rathore and Mohmmad Dawood were declared the first three winners by former chief minister of state Kailash Joshi in state capital. The winners were awarded with cash prize of Rs 1 lakh, Rs 50,000 and Rs 25,000 each respectively.Dilip Soni of corporation informed that the award was announced by present CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan in 2007 and Mohammad Bilal Khatri is first to receive the prestigious award for his outstanding Baag prints which can be widely seen in ancient monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354420", "title": "Nizamuddin fest from Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Starting Thursday, the Hazrat Nizamuddin basti will be in the spotlight for three days as part of a mela showcasing aspects of its culture and built heritage accumulated over seven centuries. The mela will start with L-G Tejendra Khanna joining in a heritage walk through the basti.At the nearby DDA park, traditional crafts such as sanjhi (paper-cutting), embroidery, perfumery and calligraphy will be displayed by local women. Traditional dishes and cooking lessons will also be offered. The mela has been organized as part of the Aga Khan Development Network's Urban Renewal initiative which is supported by the ministry of culture, ASI, municipal corporations and DDA.The cultural highlights of the mela include sufiana kalaam by the Niazi Brothers at Chausath Khamba on November 30, and storytelling or dastangoi by Danish Husain and Mahmood Farooqui on December 1 evening.\"The mela will instill a sense of pride in the local community and also provide much needed economic opportunities,\" said Farhad Suri, councillor from Nizamuddin.Shakeel Hossain of the Aga Khan Trust for Culture, said, \"Working in the basti has enriched our life and the mela is an opportunity for us to share this incredible heritage and culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354642", "title": "IOA elections: RK Shetty's candidature rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: The election commission scrutinized the nomination papers for the Indian Olympic Association polls on Saturday, giving a clear indication that the election process was unlikely to be affected by the International Olympic Committee's suspension threat.It has been learnt that the returning officer for the elections, Justice VK Bali, told some of the candidates present in his office that he went through the IOC letter as well as the Delhi high court's Friday's order and added that the elections will be held as per schedule.Setback for IHF: Indian Hockey Federation's (IHF) lone candidate RK Shetty's candidature (for the post of vice-president) was rejected by the commission.\"IOA gave a serial number to all in the electoral college, but not to IHF members. After high court's decision which allowed us to vote, the IOA should have amended the electoral college and given us a serial number,\" said IHF official Ashok Mathur.Malhotra's resignation demanded: Hari Om Kaushik, a candidate for treasurer's post, on Saturday called for working president VK Malhotra's resignation for \"failing to handle\" the situation which resulted in IOC's threat to suspend India.Kaushik threatened legal action, saying Malhotra was also trying to cancel the elections. \"Now, it is your duty to tackle this situation and follow guidelines of all the stakeholders like IOC, OCA, sports ministry, IOA and honorable high court and respect all the stakeholders' guidelines and continue the current election process of IOA,\" he said in the letter to the IOA.Make sports bill law, says CSI: Cleans Sports India (CSI) appealed to the Prime Minister to bring back the Sports Bill to the Cabinet, pass it and introduce in the Parliament to make it a law. It said that the PM should not accede to the demand of VK Malhotra to withdraw the Sports Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17355045", "title": "Sardesai requests govt to renotify Dabolim land", "text": "MARGAO: Following a meeting held with governor B V Wanchoo on Friday where he put forward his demand for a CBI inquiry regarding the de-notification of land acquired by the government for parking, independent MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the government re-notify the land before January 1. Sardesai demanded that the tendering of Mopa airport should not be done before the land for parking for Dabolim airport is not re-notified.Addressing mediapersons on Saturday along with Congress party spokesperson Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, Sardesai said that if the government failed to meet his demands, he would hold a public meeting at Lohia Maidan, Margao, and would appeal to all forces in Goa to join heands in a mass movement to save Dabolim airport.\"Salcete MLAs such as Francisco (Mickky) Pacheco, Benajim Silva, Avertano Furtado, Alina Saldanha and others should also come out and state their opinion on the same,\" said Sardesai, adding that his mass movement would also be aimed at \"thwarting the BJP government's clandestine plans for an indirect merger of Goa and Maharashtra.\"Furthermore, holding copies of government documents, he asked the chief minister to explain how the builder's request for mutation on September 13 was immediately acted upon and the land mutated on September 14. \"Is this luxury available to common citizens,\" asked Sardesai.Holding copies of the order of the additional collector, South Goa, regarding preliminary objections filed by the Navy regarding the resurvey/demarcation of land, Sardesai pointed out that the order was passed despite preliminary objections raised by the Navy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360195", "title": "Growing extended family makes Big B happy", "text": "Wherever he goes - be it his blog or Twitter or Facebook - fans follow him everywhere in great numbers and megastar Amitabh Bachchan thanks them for their love and respect.\"My extended family, my extended family grows here too on this busy platform. On blog it is my extended family, on Twitter it is Twitter Familia Extendum and now on Facebook it shall have to be Facebook Extended Family. Thank you for being a part of me,\" Amitabh posted on Facebook, which has got 3.3 million likes, Sunday.An inveterate blogger, the 70-year-old started blogging in 2008 and has been regular since.\"The joy of connecting with my friends and well wishers even at the late hour of 3 a.m. is worth.... Once you start you never want to stop.\"\"The conversation, the comments, the appreciation and the criticism is an essential part of the cyber world. It makes one stronger and longer in its stay. It was a late day at KBC - two episodes to record,\" he posted.Amitabh joined social networking site Facebook August this year and within just an hour of the activation, the page received 784,417 likes.On Twitter, currently he has 39,41,270 followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356131", "title": "Bar council meeting today to discuss pension for lawyers", "text": "JAIPUR: Lawyers in the state who take voluntary retirement after a certain period of standing or due to old age may get pension from Bar Council of Rajasthan, if a proposal to this effect is approved.A general meting of Bar Council of Rajasthan has been convened on Sunday for discussing the issue along with the election of a new chairman.The meeting will be held in Rajasthan High Court in Jodhpur on Sunday. The agenda includes a solution for the problems of lawyers which includes proper sitting arrangements in various courts, drinking water and cheap accommodation.The main agenda of the meeting will be about a pension scheme for lawyers. \"There is no welfare scheme for lawyers who superannuates or are in requirement of financial assistance. Besides, the lawyers' welfare fund is also having limited resource but that can only be used as per law in case of death etc. As such, we feel helpless to support those who give so much to the fraternity but at the end of their life, gets nothing. We wish to frame rules regarding pension scheme which will be discussed in meeting,\" said Sanjay Sharma, senior member, Bar Council of Rajasthan.The council is the apex body of more than four lakh registered lawyers of state. Senior advocate Inder Raj Saini is the outgoing chairman of the federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17354656", "title": "Friends strangle youth for booty", "text": "HOWRAH: Though greed got the better of a 19-year-old youth from Liluah's Jagadishpur, who robbed his employer of gold ornaments and diamonds, Samir Tirkey didn't survive to reap the benefits of his ill-gotten gains. Less than a month after he fled Pune with the booty, he was murdered by his friends in Howrah.On Saturday, his highly decomposed body was exhumed from the bottom of a shallow canal. All the six persons involved in the murder have been arrested and 110 diamonds recovered. Police suspect that the remaining loot may have been sold off by the gang.Cops said that Tirkey worked for an ornaments manufacturer in Pune. Sometime in June this year, he fled Pune and on June 16, the Maharashtra Police registered a case against him. On returning to Howrah, Tirkey, however, didn't stay at his Tantipara home. Instead, he lived with friends. When the Maharashtra Police came to Howrah in search of Tirkey, he was nowhere to be found.On October 20, members of a club in Liluah came across three youths boozing near a pond and discussing about ornaments. The club members caught hold of them and after a round of thrashing, the three confessed that they had killed Tirkey. Later, the trio - identified as Bapan Mal, Biswajit Mondal and Kartik Debnath - were handed over to police. They conceded that three others were also involved in the crime that was allegedly masterminded by one Sanjib Dhara.Leads provided by the trio led cops to round up Dhara, Deb Kumar Mondal and Madan Roy. After several rounds of interrogation, the police pieced together the sequence of events.When his friends got to know about the booty, they got Tirkey sloshed and he told them where he had hidden the loot, said police. The miscreants then throttled him with a gamchha and buried his body in the soft mud of the canal near Joypur Beel.Cops added that forensic tests will be carried out to confirm his identity. \"We have informed the Maharashtra Police already. The matter is being investigated further,\" said Nishat Pervez, deputy commissioner of police (headquarters).A thorough search of the homes of the accused has led to the recovery of 90 small and 20 medium-sized diamonds. It seems Biswajit was entrusted with selling the booty and distributing the cash among gang members.Greed got the better of a 19-year-old youth from Liluah's Jagadishpur and he robbed his employer in Pune, Maharashtra, of gold ornaments and a large number of diamonds. Samir Tirkey didn't survive to reap the benefits of his ill-gotten gains though. Less than a month after he fled Pune with the booty, he was murdered by his friends in Howrah. On Saturday, his highly decomposed body was exhumed from the bottom of a shallow canal. All the six persons involved in the murder have been arrested and 110 diamonds recovered. The police suspect that the remaining loot may have been sold off by the gang.Tirkey worked for an ornaments manufacturer in Pune. Sometime in June this year, he fled Pune with the ornaments and diamonds that he could lay his hands on. On June 16, the Maharashtra Police registered a case against him. Tirkey returned to Howrah but didn't stay with his family at his Tantipara residence. He started living with friends and associates and even his relatives weren't aware of his whereabouts. When the Maharashtra Police came to Howrah in search of Tirkey, he was nowhere to be found. Both relatives and locals believed that he had escaped elsewhere with the loot.On October 20, members of a club in Liluah came across three youths boozing near a pond. They were discussing about gold ornaments and diamonds. The club members caught hold of them and wanted to know where they had come across the valuables. After a round of thrashing, the three confessed that they had killed Tirkey for the loot. The three - identified as Bapan Mal, Biswajit Mondal and Kartik Debnath - were arrested and told the police that three others were also involved in the crime that was allegedly masterminded by one Sanjib Dhara.Dhara's house was ransacked by locals soon after this but he could not be located. After a couple of days, following up on leads provided by the three youths, the police rounded up Dhara, Deb Kumar Mondal and Madan Roy. After several rounds of interrogation, the police pieced together the sequence of events. After his return from Pune, Tirkey started hanging out with Dhara and the others. Before long, it became known that Tirkey had looted his employer in Pune. Sometime around July 12, Dhara and the others got Tirkey completely sloshed and he told them where he had hidden the loot. The miscreants then threw a gamchha around his neck and throttled him. They buried his body in the soft mud of the canal near Joypur Beel.The remains - a skeleton and some rotting flesh - were exhumed on Saturday and sent for autopsy. Tirkey's family was informed. The police said that forensic tests would also be carried out to confirm the identity. \"We have informed the Maharashtra Police already. The matter is being investigated further,\" said Nishat Pervez, deputy commissioner of police (headquarters).A thorough search of the homes of the accused led to the recovery of 90 small and 20 medium-sized diamonds from Biswajit Mondal. It seems that he had been entrusted with selling the booty and distributing the cash among gang members. The police believe that they will be able to recover the ornaments and other precious stones (if any) in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358688", "title": "Shahid Kapoor follows Salman Khan", "text": "Shahid Kapoor lost Maneesh Sharma's next project after working on the script with the director for six months. It was a disappointing dead end. The final blow came suddenly.The remake of the Tom Cruise starrer Knight &amp; Day which director Siddharth Anand had planned almost to culmination with Shahid Kapoor has now gone to Hrithik Roshan . And Shahid whose fan base remains miraculously uneroded despite the recent setbacks, has decided to do some drastic career-rethink.We hear from reliable sources that the young dedicated actor would now be following Salman Khan's pattern of career management and has in fact signed up with Salman's agency Bling to ensure his career is back on track.In the coming months, Shahid Kapoor won't be seen in public much. The actor whose recent films Mausam,Teri Meri Kahani have under performed, has decided to take a long hard look at his career. And the results are already showing. Not only is Shahid missing from public appearances, he has lately signed up with Bling, the company that looks after the business interests of Salman Khan , to give that critical boost to his career.In addition, Shahid has also decided to adopt an entirely new approach to new projects. Says a source close to Shahid, \"During the last one year, Shahid has turned down 15 projects, among them Mira Nair's The Reluctant Fundamentalist and Prakash Jha's Chakravyuha. He insisted on a complete hard-bound script from every filmmaker, big or small. This naturally didn't go down well with the likes of Jha and Nair who have worked with the biggest names in Bollywood and abroad,without having to commit a full hard-bound script to the actor. Only Aamir Khan used to demand a hard-bound script and he would even insist on signing every page of the script so that nothing was changed. That rigid system of working no longer works for any actor, not even Aamir.\"The buzz surrounding Shahid's revamp is that the actor has decided to follow Salman's career-mould rather than Aamir's. We hear Shahid would be a lot more flexible and relaxed in his approach to films and roles.\"Raj Kumar Santoshi's new film Phata Poster Nikla Hero is the first film Shahid has signed without demanding a full script. He next goes into Prabhu Deva's Namak where he needs to completely re-define his physique and body language to do his his full-fledged action role. Shahid would phase out his public appearances and will be seen very selectively until Santoshi's and Prabhu Deva's films are ready. Until then he has decided to stay as much out of the limelight as possible.\"Shahid remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354541", "title": "Importer on run for smuggling gas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) and the Delhi Police is on the trail of Kuldeep Sakhuja, a Karol Bagh businessman who has been illegally importing restricted refrigeration gases that cause ozone depletion.DRI officials had even tried to seize a consignment in July, but the accused gave them a slip at the Tughlaqabad inland container depot (ICD) whisking away eight gas-filled containers and other banned items using forged papers. Total value of the consignment is pegged at Rs 10cr.Later, the agency seized these containers from a warehouse, while one Ajit Chaddha, allegedly part of the racket, was arrested by the Delhi Police. Sources said the DRI received information in May about a container with cylinders of R-22 refrigerant gas having been imported and kept at Tughlaqabad ICD. R-22 is an ozone depleting substance covered under the Montreal Protocol, and its import is restricted as per the Foreign Trade Policy.On May 29, a DRI team went to the ICD to seize the consignment, but found it had been whisked away by the accused four days before using fake documents with forged signatures of Customs officers. Further probe revealed that seven more containers had been whisked away on the same day.The department lodged a complaint with the Pul Prahladpur police station. Chaddha, an associate of Sakhuja, helped DRI officials trace the containers stored in a warehouse at Meera Enclave. More than 1,000 imported air containers, 6,383 cylinders of R-22 and 580 cartons of Indonesian cigarettes were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356370", "title": "18-year-old student crushed to death under wheels of TNSTC bus", "text": "COIMBATORE: An 18-year-old polytechnic student was crushed to death after a Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) bus ran over him near Singanallur, here on Saturday night.Accordint to the Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of Coimbatore city police , the deceased has been identified as Pradeep of Palladam in Tirupur district. He was a final-year student of diploma in electrical and electronics at PSG Polytechnic College at Peelamedu.Police said, on Saturday around 8.30 pm, he was on his way to Kotari Nagar to visit his friend. He was riding a bike. When Pradeep reached Trichy road from SIHS colony and took a right turn, a TNSTC bus, running from Tirupur-Coimbatore, hit the motorcycle.Due to the impact of the bus, Pradeep fell down on the road from the motorcycle. He was run over by the rear wheels of the bus and died on the spot.His body was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post mortem. The TIW police registered a case against the bus driver and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17355748", "title": "Muharram processions: Cops gear up to maintain peace", "text": "VARANASI: While preparations for taking out Tazia processions were in full swing on the eve of Muharram on Saturday, the city police were found busy making adequate security arrangements to ensure peace and harmony during the massive congregations of faith.According to SP City Santosh Kumar Singh, a total of 387 Tazias are installed in different localities falling under 15 police stations of city area. The maximum number of Tazias, 104 to be exact, are installed under Jaitpura police station area while 63 and 53 Tazias are installed in Adampur and Bhelupur police station areas respectively.The number of Tazias is in double figures in the localities coming under Dashaswamedh, Kotwali, Cantonment, Chetganj, Chowk, Sigra and Shivpur. The minimum number of Tazias, 3, are installed in Lanka police station area while the figure of Tazias installed in Ramnagar, Luxa, Manduadih and Sarnath police station areas is also in single digits.The SP City said while Tazia processions are carried out from localities of 15 police station areas, the Tazia's ceremonial burial is conducted mainly at Faatman graveyard at Sigra, Karbala at Jaitpura and Shivala locality under Bhelupur police station.The flowers used with two Tazias of Dashaswamedh area are taken to Rajendra Prasad Ghat. Singh said 38 Tazia processions had been identified as sensitive as disputes had taken place either on the route of the processions, or at the place of installation, commonly known as Tazia chowks.The cops are showing extra caution on the occasion of Muharram this time around, as chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has issued strict directives to ensure that no communal or sectoral clashes take place anywhere in the state on this occasion. It is worth mentioning here that in 1989, people from two communities had come face to face in Konia areas on the dispute of route of Muharram procession due to which curfew was clamped in city area. In 1994, there were clashes in Adampura area which sparked tension.An untoward incident was also witnessed in Hartirath area in 1998, while the district administration and police had to clamp a curfew in 2008 when a youth was killed after a dispute between two communities in Adampura area.The SP City said that police station-wise meetings of the organizers of Tazia processions had been convened while meetings of peace committees were also organised. He said sufficient police force was available in the city to maintain law and order during the processions.The district administration and municipal corporation have also been asked to ensure proper cleanliness on the procession routes. Singh said vehicular movement on some identified routes would be restricted on the day while police and paramilitary personnel have been directed to stay on high alert until the people participating in Tazia processions return home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355291", "title": "Season of cheating peaks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of tourists who wanted to have a good time during Diwali found their trip marred by unpleasantness as travel organizers asked them to cough up the money for hotel stay and food. The charges were supposed to have been covered in the package, according to the company's original offer. One of the travellers has filed a complaint with the Naranpura police for breach of trust and cheating.According to the Naranpura police, Naresh Modi - a resident of Mehsana - had booked a Diwali package tour with Shivganga Travels, a firm near Navrangpura stadium, after reading the company's advertisement in newspapers. The tour operators had offered a Goa holiday through Mahabaleshwar and Lonavala for Rs 8,500, which covered accommodation and food.\"According to the complaint filed by Modi, he had booked six tickets for his family and his friend's on November 3,\" said a Naranpura police official. \"On November 15, the bus started its journey from Paldi where the company agent Umesh Patel was present. Patel got off at CTM after collecting the money.\" When the group reached Goa, it was taken to a resort away from the main cities and was asked to pay for lodging and boarding. \"The irate passengers contacted the travel company's office and were told that they would have to pay for the facilities,\" the official said.The travellers took the help of the local police and managed to come back to Ahmedabad. Modi then filed a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354911", "title": "'7.6 million children in the world die of infectious diseases'", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost half the number of babies born in the world can not survive their fifth birthday. This number stands at an alarming 7.6 million, of which a 20% burden is shared by India. India fares worse than even Ethiopia, Congo, Afghanistan, Pakistan and China -- the other five countries that share this dubious club. Unfortunately, maximum of these deaths result from infections that could have been easily prevented.These were among the facts that came to light in the national conference on infectious diseases organized by the city branch of Indian Academy of Pediatrics, and the infectious diseases chapter of the academy. Aspects like diagnosis, management and treatment of several of the common diseases that have emerged as the biggest killers for the kids including pneumonia, diarrhoea, pre-term birth complications and neonatal sepsis were discussed throughout the conference.\"Sadly, the bulk of children below the age of five dying in the developing world are because of preventable and controllable infections. This is the reason that the IAP decided to set up a separate chapter for infectious diseases that works for advocacy, awareness and sensitization of these diseases,\" said Dr Rohit Agrawal, national president of IAP.IAP has also joined hands with the government to help achieve the millennium development goal of reduction in child mortality rates of the country. On Saturday evening as senior paediatrician from Surat Dr Digant Shatri took over the reign of the infectious disease chapter from Dr Ritabrata Kundu, he launched a campaign called Uday Mission. The aim of the mission is to promote the use of breast milk as it strengthens the immunity of children, making more doctors use ORS and to address the issue of malnutrition.Kundu said that the rampant and unjustifiable use of antibiotics have made the pathogens resistant to the medicines, contributing in raising the number of infections. \"In a way, the newborns dying of infections are paying for our wrongdoings,\" he said. This is why IAP has taken it upon itself to lay down protocols of using the antibiotics rationally and is also running comprehensive courses to that the diagnosis and treatment of some common infections can be improved.\"Prevention of the infectious diseases is only possible by elimination of the risk factors causing them. This is not just the doctors' responsibility but that of the society, too. We are doing our bit by creating social and medical awareness as well as vaccination and cleanliness drives,\" said Dr Jayant Upadhye, the organizing chairman of the conference.More than 750 delegates from all over the country attended the conference that was co-organised by Dr Vinod Gandhi, Dr Sanjay Marathe, Dr Vasant Khalatkar, Dr Milind Mandlik, Dr Kuldeep Sukhadeve, Dr Anil Raut, Dr Rajkumar Kiratkar and Dr Deepak Goyal among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356412", "title": "Posing as polishers, youth rob woman of gold chain", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two youths, who posed as gold jewel polishers, looted 4.5 sovereigns of gold jewels from a 52-year-old woman at Madukkarai on the outskirts of the city on October 18. However, the victim lodged a complaint with Madukkarai police only on Friday.The victim was identified as Y Shabura of Muslim Colony at Madukkarai. According to police, On October 8, Shabura was alone at her house, when two youth aged about 30 approached her to polish her gold jewels and silver articles.She gave a silver anklet to them. The duo polished the anklet perfectly. Then, the duo asked Shabura to give gold jewels for polishing. She removed 4.5 sovereigns gold chain from her neck and gave it to them. The duo directed the women to boil water and immerse the jewels in the hot water. The duo added yellow colour to the water. Later, they told her to open the vessel after 10 minutes and the duo left from the house. When Shabura opened the vessel, the gold chain was missing from the vessel. Preliminary inquiry revealed that the duo had approached many residents in the areas for polishing jewels.Madukkarai police have registered a case and on the look-out for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356162", "title": "Cop found dead with gun in hand", "text": "LUCKNOW: In charge of a police outpost was found dead inside his room with a bullet injury on his temple and his service revolver in hand at his accommodation in Alahpur police circle of Badaun district on Saturday morning. Police said, prima-facie it appeared a case of suicide but investigations were underway to confirm.The incident came to light when the cops at Miyaon police outpost under Alapur police station of Badaun noticed that the outpost in charge sub inspector (SI) Balbir Singh had not reported for duty till late in the morning on Saturday. After repeated calls on his cell phone went unattended, cops from the outpost went to look for him at his room situated behind the police outpost. They found the doors locked from inside and after making all possible efforts to make the SI open the doors, they informed their superiors.The senior officials reached the site along with the SI's brother-in-law who is a lecturer at a college in Badaun city and broke open the doors to find the cop lying on his bed in a pool of blood. A bullet injury was found on his right temple and his service revolver was found in his hand. The firearm had an empty cartridge in it.A native of Shantinagar locality in Kotwali police circle of Etah, Balbir Singh lived by himself in a rented accommodation near his police outpost while his family lived at his ancestral house in Etah. Police have failed to find any suicide note from the scene of crime but ruled out possibilities of foul play on grounds that the room in which the body was found, was latched from inside leaving no possibility of someone else having committed the crime. Police said investigations were underway to find what prompted the SI to end his life, unconfirmed reports said Balbir was depressed due to some disputes in the family.A case of suicide was lodged in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17355370", "title": "Juliet Rebello recounts the horror at hospital room", "text": "GOA: Juliet Rebello recounts an incident she witnessed from her hospital room where she was admitted for a fractured elbow.\"The patients were awakened by the sound of gunshots. I rushed to my window and was told by the night nurse to stay away from it. The sound of gunshots and yelling was nearing the hospital. You could not keep me away from the window. After a long chase, sounds of gunshots and yelling, we saw an African man stagger up from the valley below. He was exhausted and he collapsed near a local bus stop. Shortly after that armed men (soldiers) appeared and began to kick and stomp on the collapsed man. They used the butt of their guns to pound the man. I begged the night nurse to call for help.She claimed that it would be useless as it was the police and soldiers who were beating up the man. I asked her why someone from the hospital wasn't going out there to help the man. She implied that this would mean putting one's life at risk as the soldiers would react violently. After what seemed a long time of beating the fallen man the soldiers left him and the night was quiet again. When I woke the next morning I ran to window to check that what I saw was real and not a dream. The man was still lying in the dirt. African men and women were at the bus stop on their way to work not paying any attention to him. An ambulance from the hospital went out and passed the man to another emergency call. Eventually a jeep rolled by. It stopped in front of the man. A European stepped out, picked up the man and brought him into the hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358339", "title": "Pixie Lott inspired by Motown music", "text": "Singer Pixie Lott says her favourite type of music is Motown, and she says it will have a strong influence on her next album.The 21-year-old is due to release her third album next year and experimenting with soulful pop music similar to 1960s groups \" The Supremes \" and \"Jackson 5\".\"I'm making my album at the moment so I'm in the studio every day writing new songs. It has a bit of a vintage-soul sound reminiscent of Motown because that's my favourite kind of music. We're nearly finished so it's definitely going to be out next year,\" contactmusic.com quoted Lott as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17355963", "title": "Avoid plastic, public told", "text": "MANGALORE: Public should stop using plastic products to save environment from further pollution, said B M Hegde, former vice-chancellor of Manipal Academy of Higher Education (now Manipal University).Inaugurating the plastic-free campaign organized by the city-based Eco Be Green organization and Jayashreekrishna Parisara Premi Samiti here on Saturday, Hegde urged teachers to educate students about the ill-effects of plastic products that are harming environment at the primary level. He launched the environment-friendly reusable cotton bags and distributed it to the representatives of different educational institutions and organizations to acquaint the citizens with eco-friendly bags.Regional transport officer C Mallikarjuna appealed to the students to take oath against the use of plastic.Manipal Institute of Technology computer science and engineering department professor Shrikanth Prabhu and Eco Be Green CEO Ananth Prabhu were the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17356459", "title": "The art of upending logic and laws", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'The Upside Down World of Philippe Ramette', an exhibition of photographs at the Museum auditorium provides one with the opportunity to view images in an upturned manner. The exhibition showcases French conceptual artist Philippe Ramette's ideas photographed by his friend Marc Domage.Ramette makes a deliberate attempt to defy the laws of gravity and logic through his creations. The artist first draws the rough image of the ideas that he conceptualizes and recreates it in the real world which are then photographed by Domage.It needs close observation to identify that they are not manipulated using technology. \"These are surrealistic images which we can call as installation art, an artistic genre of three-dimensional works that are often site specific and designed to transform the perception of space. He has explored himself challenging gravity and has created beautiful pieces of art,\" said filmmaker T K Rajeev Kumar, who visited the exhibition venue.The snap Balcony 2, which on first glance shows the artist standing on a balcony calmly gazing at the sky, in a second look reveals that the balcony actually levitates over the waters of Honk Kong harbour.The photographs created through purely rational approach throw the viewers to an odd, neo romantic world where rationality is non-existent.In 'Irrational Walk' Ramette walks on the trunk of a tree vertically and in another series, 'Rational Exploration of the Underwater; he has a collection of photographs featuring him reading a newspaper underwater, walking underwater as if on land and floating on water. \"Ramette really challenges us to expand our perception to its extremes. I am really curious to know how he managed to create such thought provoking art,\" said Alexander Vonkotze from My Next Big Idea.The exhibition organized by Alliance Francaise de Trivandrum will be on till November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354539", "title": "Girl is traumatized by internet row, scared to step out of home", "text": "MUMBAI: The police involved in arresting her for her facebook post may be facing the music, but that hasn't stopped Palghar girl Shaheen Dhada, 21, from reeling under the shock of being arrested.Dhada has been addicted to facebook since 2009, but since the past one week she has not spoken to or interacted with any of her friends through the site. She has also not interacted with them over the phone or had anyone visit her at home. The girl who traveled all the way to Borivli to college is now scared of even stepping out of her home.She was arrested after local Shiv Sena leader Bhushan Sankhe lodged a complaint against her because she lamented, on a facebook post, the shutdown last Sunday due to Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral.\"I am happy they are planning to drop the case against me , but I stand by my apology. My comment has hurt a section of people and hence my apology stands,\" said Shaheen, while speaking to TOI from her Mangaldeep home in Palghar (W) on Saturday. After she had uploaded her post, the Palghar Sena asked her to apologize. Dhada later took down her post and uploaded an apology saying she and her family were sorry for her mistake. However, that didn't stop a mob from attacking her uncle Dr Abdul Dhada's hospital.Rinu Shrinivasan, 21, Shaheen's facebook friend, who had been arrested along with Shaheen for 'liking' the post, is out of town. She was not reachable on her cellphone.The family is now charting out its future course of action. Shaheen's father Farookh said, \"We are looking at filing a defamation case against all those involved. We want to go out on a holiday, get over the trauma and then decide the future plans.\" However, Farookh wouldn't specify against whom the case would be.Shaheen said that she has nothing against the police who acted in the case. She said that the cops had saved her from the mob by taking her away from her home. Farookh too said that the entire family would have become the victim of mob fury had Shaheen not been taken away by the cops.Shaheen had also created facebook accounts for her father Farookh and mother Najma. They, however, were not active members. Her younger brother, Shakil, remains active on facebook and Shaheen has to be content with watching him on the computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356476", "title": "Travel in LPG autos to cost Rs 3-5/km more", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This is certainly not good news for city residents. Charges of travel in LPG autos will go up from Rs 3 to Rs 5. At present, LPG-run autos charge Rs 12 per kilometer, it is Rs 20 for the first kilometre from a registered pre-paid booth at ISBT-43, ISBT 17, Sukhna Lake and Rock Garden. The decision was taken at a joint meeting of senior officials, including STA, traffic police and the home secretary. A proposal has been prepared in this regard. Groundwork to increase the fare to travel in radio cabs is complete.State transport authority secretary Balbir Singh Dhol said, \"The decision was taken in view of frequent hikes in rates of LPG during 2012. The price of LPG was increased five times this year. At present, LPG costs Rs 50.27 per litre. In 2009, LPG cost Rs 21.\"Sources said the proposal, put forth on the instructions of UT adviser K K Sharma, will be implemented soon. The rate list at all pre-paid booths will also be revised.The city has five LPG stations in sectors 21, 34, 38, 52 and 22. However, the LPG station in Sector 22 has been dysfunctional for a long time. Besides increasing auto fares, STA and Chandigarh traffic police have also decided to curb unauthorized and frequent movement of diesel and petrol autos from Mohali and Panchkula in Chandigarh.Traffic police impounded more than 300 unauthorized autos from Mohali and Panchkula during the past one month.According to a section of auto drivers, \"The administration should install electronic machines to issue cash chits for auto drivers instead of issuing manual slips.\" The pre-paid booth at the railway station is in a neglected condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17355997", "title": "Shirady Ghat stretch set for Rs 1.60-crore makeover", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has released Rs 1.60 crore for the repair of Shirady Ghat stretch on the Bangalore-Mangalore National Highway.The work of filling potholes on this stretch will commence shortly and the National Highways division will invite short term tenders to facilitate this, C T Ravi, minister for Higher Education and Dakshina Kannada district in-charge, said here on Saturday. Officials said the work will commence in a fortnight.Chairing the quarterly review meeting of 20-point Karnataka Development Programme, Ravi took note of complaints by Mangalore MLA UT Khader on the bad state of the national highway along Shirady Ghat. The minister instructed officials of Mangalore division of national highways to commence repair works. An official of NH division said short term bids will be invited soon.The work of widening 40-km stretch from Mani to Sampaje on the state highway-88 (Mani-Mysore) is pending, a senior official of the Karnataka Road Development Corporation Ltd (KRDCL) informed in the meeting. While the 10-km of this stretch will be completed by the end of next month, the rest will be widened by the end of May, 2013. The official said as per the original agreement with the contractor, the works should have been completed by June, 2012.At a recent high-powered meeting of the state government, the deadline for completion of the work on the 40-km stretch has been extended up to May 31, 2013. KRDCL had invited bids five times for widening the stretch. Finally, KRDCL awarded tender to an agency which had quoted 13% above the estimated cost. Ravi warned the official that criminal case will be filed against KRDCL and the contractor if they failed to complete the works as promised.Earlier, Ravi and MP Nalin Kumar Kateel took KRDCL officials to task for delaying the work.Nalin said the contractor had dug up the road at different streches for widening even before completing the widening work on stretches dug up earlier. This, Nalin said, is causing a lot of hardship to road users and fatal accidents and traffic jams are now all too common for those commuting on the road.To a query from MLC K Monappa Bhandary if sewage water is leaking into Gujjarakere at Jeppu, Ravi directed N Lakshman, environment officer, Karnataka State Pollution Control Board to inspect the same and issue notice to the Mangalore City Corporation to rectify the situation if media reports quoted by the MLC were true.Commissioner K Harish Kumar said 17 manholes had been constructed to prevent sewage leaking into Gujjarakere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355219", "title": "Explosion in eatery kills 14 in China", "text": "An explosion ripped through a two-storied restaurant in China's Shanxi province killing 14 people and injuring 47. The police cited gas leakage as the cause for the explosion. The explosion on Friday triggered a blaze in the restaurant affecting shops in the surrounding area in Shouyang county. Among those injured, 18 are in serious condition. The explosion happened suddenly, and there were no prior signs of any problem with the gas supply, witnesses said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354787", "title": "All property records in Gurgaon go online", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon chapter of the land records digitization project is now nearing completion. According to officials, property records of over 100 villages in Gurgaon have already been computerized, with the data soon to be linked up with the online records information system of the state government.In a review meeting held recently in the city, the district administration also asked the project authority to upload the land records of all five subdivisions of Gurgaon by December 1. \"Land records of these subdivisions should be made available and linked up to the state government's records database. Anyone from these subdivisions will be able to get the computerized copy of their land papers,\" an official said.He added that once the digitization work is done, computer generated copies will be given preference when it comes to giving out records and registration papers to the land owners. \"Hand-written copies won't be discontinued. These will continue to be issued by the village accountants, as earlier,\" the official said.The digitization work is being carried out by the Haryana Space Application Centre, whose main campuses are situated in Hisar. The documents have been computerized through a special software system known as HALRIS, which is short for Haryana Land Records Information System. \"The final records, with mutation, are available on the official website of the revenue department,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356313", "title": "Dengue reaches fever pitch", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after statistics from the National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme said Tamil Nadu recorded more than one fourth of all dengue cases and deaths in the country, state health department officials said they were treating the disease as an epidemic to create awareness and take preventive measures.Between November 5 and 15, the state recorded 767 dengue cases and six deaths taking the total number of cases to 9,249 and deaths to 60. In the past one year, the number of cases tested positive has gone up by 267%. The country recorded more than 35,000 dengue cases and 216 deaths.While health experts say the state does not carry out adequate vector control measures, state health department officials say TN tops the list because it has a better detection system. \"At least one-sixth of the country's dengue testing labs are in TN. We have more than 60 labs across the state, at least two in every district . We have tested the maximum number of people,\" said a health official.Dengue a mosquito-borne viral infection causes a severe flu-like illness and, sometimes developing into the a potentially lethal complication called severe dengue. The aedes aegypti mosquito is the main vector that transmits the viruses that cause dengue. These mosquitoes are active in the morning and early evening. They feed on human blood. They breed in clean water stored in water pots, holes in trees and coconut shells.In many houses across the state, one of the largest breeding sources have been containers of drinking water. \"It shows that we haven't been taking sufficient measures to control mosquitoes,\" said Public Health Association state president Dr S Elango. Construction sites also provide breeding grounds. \"Builders allow water to stagnate on roofs of structures under construction . It is important for the corporation to fumigate these places, but this is rarely done,\" he said.Health department officials say they are treating dengue as an epidemic. \"We have employed more than 30 healthcare workers exclusively to prevent breeding of mosquitoes. We are conducting door-to-door inspections ,\" said a senior health department official.Dengue, which was an urban disease until a few years ago, has spread into rural areas because of changing lifestyle and shift in mosquito population.Researchers at the Centre of Disease in Medical Entomology (CDME) in Madurai say they have spotted another mosquito species that is a carrier of dengue virus. During their survey, entomologists found the presence of equal numbers of aedes albopictus -- a species usually found in forests - in the cities. Controlling albopictus is complicated as it survives in both natural environment such as tree barks and man-made environment like water pots, said CDME director BK Thyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356470", "title": "Biz body slams govt over single window system", "text": "RANCHI: The Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJon Saturday criticized the state government for its failure to start single-window system even after 12 years of formation of Jharkhand.Single-window system is a one-stop facilitation centre for industries and is successfully operating in a number of states, including Gujarat and Bihar. President of FJCCI Ranjeet Tibrewal said chief minister Arjun Munda and officials of the industry department have promised to start single-window system on a number of occasions, but it has only remained a distant dream for industrialists.\"Entrepreneurs of the state are facing problems owing to delays in getting their files cleared from various departments, but there is no one to lessen our misery. We will request the government to start single-window system at the earliest,\" said Tibrewal.He even alleged that owing to the indifferent attitude of the government towards development of industries, a large number of entrepreneurs are setting up their units in Jharkhand.\"Time and again, we have informed ministers and officers about the paucity of land and infrastructure, but no one seems to care. We urge the state government to improve the current situation and make the environment conducive for existing industries before looking for prospective investors by organizing road shows in Mumbai, Delhi or foreign countries,\" said Tibrewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354463", "title": "Value of IPL always delivers, says N Srinivasan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The usually reticent N Srinivasan, president of the Board of the Control for Cricket in India, opens up about the state of Indian cricket in an exclusive interview. Excerpts...Your thoughts on the new Indian Premier League (IPL) title rights bid. It was a success...It's an indication of the kind of connection people have with the IPL. The value of IPL delivers. This league has improved with every passing year. In the last season, all the matches were in demand. Franchisees got very good gate receipts; grounds were packed with enthusiastic fans; TV and Internet ratings are getting bigger with every edition. Clearly the popularity of the brand is the secret of IPL's success.How do you see brand IPL growing?The recent title rights amount is an indicator - it has doubled within five years. Such a sustained growth is possible because the IPL gives so much pleasure to fans. Things like last-over finishes have added flavour to the brand. It's not like we're selling realty, so taking a stock of the brand value is not our cup of tea. We have to see the overall growth of the game. During the renewal of the last TV rights contract, the board got a hike of about 30% in the new contract with the broadcaster. The title right also got a big boost.Are you planning to introduce anything special in next year's IPL?As administrators of the BCCI, we want to bring in a cricket-oriented approach. The entertainment is good but ultimately spectators want to see competitive cricket on the field. Fan loyalty for respective franchisees is gradually establishing itself, which is good for the league.Do you think the Champions League T20 has lost popularity?CLT20 will establish itself. It might have disappointed some this year because none of the IPL teams were able to qualify for the final. It's an interesting event where the best of the teams compete with each other.What changes have you made after becoming BCCI president?Cricket administration is big in India. With increasing competition to organize and manage cricket, we have to change our way of operating. Things like game development, administration, the legal and commercial side of the game, the robust domestic cricket, age-group tournaments, the inherent logistical challenges, the managing of three specialised national academies and the NCA - all need professionals to run the show. A corporate type set-up is essential to run day-to-day operations effectively and this we have done.When is the BCCI going to appoint a National Cricket Academy director?Ratnakar Shetty is looking after the game's development, including academies and evaluating current structures with a view to devising improvements.Since the IPL came into existence, the issue of players' burnout has repeatedly surfaced. How will you handle this concern?Barring a handful of players in the national team, not everyone is playing in all formats of the game. If you add up the number of playing days for the majority of cricketers, it won't exceed 100 days in a year. So this talk of hectic schedule does not apply to most cricketers.Also, there are concerns that too much cricket has led to spectator fatigue...This perception is owing to the sheer volume of content available, especially when the national side is not playing. The fans get to watch cricket around the world sitting at home, so the perception is there's too much cricket being played.How do you view falling spectator attendance in domestic Test matches?In traditional Test-cricket strongholds, interest has endured. This is evident in spectator turnout at such venues. Elsewhere, fans may or may not be physically present at the stadium but track matches through TV and Internet.Do you endorse Indian skipper MS Dhoni's views on preparing home pitches which take turn from Day One?All countries should take advantage of their home conditions.What are your views on Rahul Dravid's sudden retirement?Dravid made it clear that he wanted to make way for younger talent. He wanted them to get enough experience at home before playing abroad.Are you happy with Duncan Fletcher's appointment as coach?We appointed Fletcher as the Indian coach because we were impressed by his abilities. He is doing a fine job and has everyone's confidence.You seem to have adopted a pro-cricketer approachBCCI is here for cricketers. They're the people who have given the BCCI its position today.Why haven't we heard much from new chairman of selectors Sandip Patil?It's been the policy of the Indian cricket board not to disclose selection matters in public. We want to keep it that way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17355805", "title": "Sayajirao Gaekwad to come alive on stage next month", "text": "VADODARA: The life and times of Sayajirao Gaekwad, erstwhile Baroda state's most popular king, will come alive on stage in the city next month. To celebrate Sayajirao's 150th birth anniversary, Triveni, a city-based group has produced a play on the king who laid foundations of a modern Baroda city. The play titled 'Gopal and Sayajirao' would be staged on December 27, 28 and 29 in different auditoriums in the city.It is after a long time that a fresh play has been written on Sayajirao. Avinash Captan, who has written a book on Sayajirao, had written and directed a play on the king long ago. The play, written in both Gujarati and Marathi, was staged some months ago in the city.A theatre personality has now come up with this new play on the Maratha king with a fresh perspective. 'Gopal and Sayajirao' has been directed by P S Chari and written by eminent poet Makarand Musley. \"Sayajirao has been an inspiring figure for Gujaratis and he has left a rich legacy behind. But not all know about all facets of his life and his vision. Our play focuses on Sayajirao's development works and him as a public figure,\" Chari told TOI.The play, to be performed in Gujarati, begins from the times of Maharaja Pilajirao Gaekwad, founder of Gaekwad dynasty of the Maratha Empire in Baroda and it also touches the controversial tenure of Malharrao Gaekwad who was deposed from the Maharaja's throne by the British rulers in late 19th century. Sayajirao ascended the throne after him.\"The play shows Sayajirao's carefree teenage days in Kavlana where he was known as Gopal, his journey to the throne of Baroda's king, his visionary and modernization projects and his revolutionary acts for India's independence. We have included lot of music including Powadas (Marathi songs sung to glorify popular figures) in the play,\" Chari added.The team researched about Sayajirao for nine months and all the actors in the play are first timers. While Ravin Naik has given music for the play Chandrashekhar Patil, an art conservator, will make designs sets on the stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399951", "title": "Government hospital to raise water storage capacity", "text": "AURANGABAD: Smarting from the alleged hollow commitment of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation of supplying water through paid water tankers during the three-day water cut, the Government Medical College and Hospital has decided to raise water storage capacity to 15 lakh from the existing 12 lakh litres.The hospital's administration has alleged that in spite of multiple attempts, civic authorities did not respond to the calls requesting water tankers.Talking to TOI, GMCH dean KS Bhople said, \"In a recently held meeting, the civic authorities had assured us of providing water through water tankers in case of water cuts either due to technical reasons or water shortage, but they failed to stand by their commitment leading to inconvenience to the poor patients.GMCH sources said that as many as 40 surgeries were postponed since November 20 in hospital. The situation of Government Dental College and Hospital remained much the same as almost 100 surgeries were postponed.Although the situation has gained normalcy since Saturday evening, GMCH administration has started working on the measures, where in the dependency on the civic body is brought down and no such situation gets repeated.Talking to TOI, Shivaji Sukre, medical superintendent of Government medical college and hospital said, \"The GMCH requires around 10 lakh litres of water daily and is totally dependent on Aurangabad Municipal Corporation for it. The AMC had informed us in advance about the three day water cut starting from November 20 and we were confident of getting it as they had committed to us to provide us water through water tankers at fixed charges per tanker.\"But their attitude caught us by surprise after they gave us only one tanker of water in three days of water cut, which is unacceptable,\" added Sukre.GMCH has five major and one minor operation theatre and around 20 surgeries are performed in each of them daily, making it to approximately 100 surgeries per day.Anagha Warudkar, head of the surgery department GMCH said, \"Right from the cleanliness of the patient to the cleanliness of ward, huge amount of water is required. Scarcity of water or water cut has a direct impact on the health and treatment of the patient who has recently undergone surgery as we have to work in aseptic conditions. Surgery department maintain its own separate water storage for emergency surgeries.GMCH administration tries that the surgery department never faces water shortage, as shortage of water may prove fatal for the patient. Water is essential for washing and sterilising surgical equipment, added Warudkar\"We require good amount of potable water for the operation theatres and dialysis department and so we have decided to raise the capacity of the sump water tanks to 15 lakh litres from the existing 12 lakh litres. The additional three lakh litres will be kept in reserve for the OTs and dialysis department,\" said Sukre.\"We cannot deny emergency surgeries and so had to procure 15 water tankers from private water suppliers. We were ready to pay the same amount per water tanker that was paid to the private water suppliers by still they did not provide us water tankers,\" added Sukre.The hospital has sent a letter to the Civic chief protesting against the attitude of the civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17355300", "title": "Maharashtra govt split on action against cops in FB arrests", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite categorical assurances, the Prithviraj Chavan government in Maharashtra is dithering on its promise to act against the police officers who hastily arrested two 21-year-old girls for uploading an internet post about Mumbai being shut down for Bal Thackeray's funeral.A report by special inspector general (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh said three police officers did not act in time to halt the arrests, and that the case against the girls should be withdrawn. However, sources said Singh's report was too weak to be acted upon and that chief minister Chavan and home minister R R Patil differed on the action to be taken.While Chavan could not be reached, sources said he favoured stringent action against the erring cops named by Singh, including suspension. Patil is of the view that the officers should be shifted to non-executive posts pending a departmental probe.Both Chavan and Patil had categorically assured on Tuesday that after receiving the IG's report they would immediatly take stringent action against the officers involved. Singh's report was presented to the DGP on Friday. The government had not taken any action till Saturday night.One of the reasons for the delay, and the call for a departmental probe, is that Singh's inquiry report is weak. \"It's just a factual report. Singh has not recommended any kind of disciplinary action against the erring cops. He has left it to the government,\" a senior IPS officer said.On Monday, the Palghar police had arrested Shaheen Dhada for lamenting on Facebook about the Sunday shutdown during Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. Her friend, Rinu Shrinivasan, who 'liked' the post, was also arrested. The incident becoming a nationwide rallying point for freedom of expression.While special inspector general (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh submitted his inquiry report to the DGP on Friday, the home department still hasn't got it, source said. Singh's report says Palghar senior inspector Shrikant Pingle, superintendent of police (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar and additional superintendent of police (Thane rural) Sangram Nishandar did not act at the right time to halt the arrests. A senior bureaucrat said home officials had briefed both CM Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil on Singh's findings and have proposed action against the erring cops. However, Chavan and Patil are not on the same page.If the government initiates a departmental probe as said to be favoured by Patil, it could completely dilute the seriousness of the case. \"In several cases, it has been established that a departmental probe and subsequent transfers amount to no action,\" the IPS officer said.While Singh submitted his report to the DGP on Friday, the government will now be able to take action against the erring cops only on Monday.In fact, the Union home ministry had asked for an action-taken report to be submitted by Saturday itself. That report, too, can now be sent only on Monday.Patil, however, repeated his assurances on Saturday. \"Sukhwinder Singh has submitted his report to the DGP. So far, I have not received the report. I am expecting the home secretary to submit the report as early as possible. Once I receive the report, it will be forwarded to the CM immediately. We have taken the entire episode very seriously and all those guilty will be punished,\" he told TOI. Chavan has called the arrests of the girls and the vandalizing of Shaheen's uncle's hospital \"reprehensible\".\"Prima facie, it has been established that there was an improper exercise of power by the Palghar police. The arrests of the two young women were uncalled for and unwarranted. Despite this, instead of immediately suspending the erring cops, the government waited three days for a report. Now, even after receiving the report, there appears to be a lack of will to take action on the erring cops,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354334", "title": "Delhi-based lab to manage diagnostic services in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha government is planning to handover diagnostic services in state-run hospitals to HLL Lifecare, a central government enterprise soon.Hindlabs, HLL Lifecare's diagnostic services division, will open and manage laboratories in the hospitals. \"The government has already approved the proposal after a suggestion from the central government. Hopefully, we will sign an MoU with Hindlabs by another few weeks. The state government will provide building space while Hindlabs will engage its manpower and install equipment,\" health secretary Pradipta Kumar Mohapatra told TOI.In the first phase, the government is planning to facilitate Hindlabs to open six referral laboratories at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Capital Hospital and district headquarters hospitals at Bhawanipatna, Baripada, Koraput and Sambalpur. Besides, 13 district headquarters hospitals at Khurda, Nayagarh, Puri, Phulbani, Bhawanipatna, Balangir, Nuapada, Keonjhar, Malkangiri, Sundargarh, Deogarh, Kendrapada, Bhadrak and Jagatsinghpur will have feeder laboratories.While in other hospitals Hindlabs will replace the existing diagnostic facilities, in case of SCB Medical College it will help in consolidation and gap-filling.The feeder laboratories will be equipped with basic equipment and tests such as biochemistry, hematology and electrolyte analyzers while the referral laboratories will be capable of doing all kind of pathological, microbial and radiological diagnoses. \"We will ensure that 100 per cent diagnostic tests prescribed by government doctors are done in these laboratories. Action will be taken against the laboratory if it refuses any test and against doctors who entertain tests from outside these laboratories,\" the health secretary said.Mohapatra said since laboratories in government hospitals are not well equipped currently, private laboratories were fleecing patients. The new step will end doctor-chemist nexus and help in faster and periodic upgradation of laboratories, he said.Mohapatra said the government will control the cost of diagnosis. In case of poor patients, whose diagnosis and treatment costs are borne from government sources, the Hindlabs will send bills to respective 'rogi kalyan samitis' for reimbursement. Technicians working in these hospitals will be redeployed in sub-divisional hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359225", "title": "Deepika walks extra mile to play perfect Gujrati girl", "text": "The lead heroine of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's most anticipated film Ram Leela, Deepika Padukone is leaving no stone unturned to play the character of that of a rustic Gujarati girl with perfection in the film.She is ready to walk that extra mile for the maverick director who is known to be very strict with his actors. We have heard many tales of him losing his cool at Ranbir and Sonam during the making of Saawariya , and recently at Ram Leela's male protagonist Ranveer Singh. Perhaps Deepika is being careful and doesn't want to disappoint her director.Earlier, during Navratri she along with her designer and stylist went on some festive shopping to the hub of Gujarati shopping centres and picked up exquisite and beautiful ghaghra cholis . And now we hear that she is perfecting the art of folk dance Garba. People close to her, say, that with all these preparations Deepika wants to take up her performance a notch higher particularly after the success of her film Cocktail where she won accolades from everyone as her role of Veronica.But then there is a catch. Remember, how Deepika learnt the classical dance form Bharata Natyam for the historical action film Rajinikant-starrer Rana, and even shot an entire song for the film some time back? But sources from the industry say it is likely that the film wouldn't see light of day. There are rumours of film being shelved and all her efforts are likely to go down the drain. Well we hope Ram Leela doesn't turn out to be another Rana of her career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17355150", "title": "Congress spokesman takes on own ex-govt", "text": "MARGAO: Congress spokesperson and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on Saturday joined the chorus of politicians demanding a CBI inquiry into the former Congress government's denotification of parking land at Dabolim. Flanked by independent Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Lourenco told reporters he was making the demand in his capacity as the Congress party's spokesperson.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar however was adamant that Lourenco's views were not that of the party. He said the view of the party was that there was no such scam.Addressing the press in Margao, Lourenco said, \"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently urged Congress leaders to come forward and say that the denotification of the parking land was a scam committed by the Congress government. Yes, I have no hesitation or fear in saying that it was a scam, because I have courage of conviction,\" said Lourenco.Admitting, \"these are the scams that lost us the elections\", Lourenco then threw the ball into the CM's court. \"Now that I have accepted his (Parrikar's) challenge that the land scam was started by the Congress government, let him accept that he alone is the double beneficiary of this scam. If not, I challenge him to re-initiate the acquisition process,\" Lourenco said.He then chose coy over candid when asked to elaborate on the scam. \"If Parrikar renotifies the land I will name the beneficiaries,\" said Lourenco, alleging that Parrikar also benefitted from the scam.\"I challenge him to speak the truth. If he was not part of the scam, he would never have allowed Section 6 of the land acquisition process to lapse. I want to ask him if four months were not enough to strike down Section 48 of the denotification done by the previous government. How many hours or days are needed for such an action?\" asked Lourenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17355925", "title": "Trader loses Rs 2.20 lakh cash", "text": "RAJKOT: A trader in Kuwadava Road area lost his bag containing Rs 2.20 lakh cash to thieves on Saturday.Police said the incident occurred in the morning when Raghu Kakadia, 22, a resident of Sanosara village who owns an imitation jewellery manufacturing unit in Ranchhodnagar in Rajkot, went to withdraw cash from Bank of India's Kuwadava Road branch.\"When Kakadia came out of the bank after withdrawing the cash, he slung his bag containing the cash on his motorcycle's handle and went to remove another bike to clear his way. By the time he returned to his vehicle he found his bag gone,\" said an official from B division police station where the case has been registered. Police said as theCCTV camera installed outside the bank was not working. tnn, the image of the thieve could not be captured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17357184", "title": "Efforts to plug holes in food schemes begin", "text": "CHENNAI: Serious efforts are on in Tamil Nadu to ensure the money spent on food subsidies actually goes into fighting poverty. The state, one of the few with a universal PDS (public distribution system ), has won praise for the efficiency of the system that includes 33,000outlets .It gives an annual foodsubsidy of Rs4,900 crore . The Supreme Court-appointed adviser to the state on food security, V Suresh, on Saturday started the process of identifying the challenges . \"We will focus on PDS and ICDS (integrated child development scheme),\" he said.A uniform protocol for social examination of various schemes related to food security has been set up and will be shared with various stakeholders . For instance, checks will be made to see if anganwadi workers are noting down the weight and height of children regularly or if PDS outlets (ration shops ) are taking steps to prevent leakage of foodgrains into the open market . \"NGOs, women's groups andself-help groups will examine the functioning of anganwadis and PDS outlets,\" said Suresh .Based on their reports, public hearings will be held across the state. \"Government officials will be present during the hearings and a final report submitted to the state through the Supreme Court commissioner,\" said Suresh. It will have recommendations to re-examine the functioning of the system and its shortfalls.Between 2008 and 2011, a door-to-door verification was carried out and twolakhbogus cards cancelled. The present AIADMK government has cancelled nearly 30 ,000boguscards till March this year .The Food Security Bill provides solutions to prevent use of bogus ration cards andleakage of commodities into the open market .The bill is currently with the standing committee that is gathering views from the various stakeholders . Oneof its prominent proposals is that the concept of cash transferstobelinkedtousersof Aadhar (unique identity ) cards . Suresh has termed this an 'awful proposal' under which the government can do away with ration cards and simply transfer money to the beneficiary.\"India may become a nation of stunted peopleif thebill is approved in its present form,\" hesaid . \"With food prices fluctuating, the poor will not have protection from price rises ,\" he added . Another fear is that the money \"transferred to the beneficiary\" may be misused. \"It is a lazy way out to deal with problems like corruption andservicedelivery .The ration shops will be eventually be dismantled,\" said Suresh.In Tamil Nadu , the proposal of cash transfers has few takers . \"Universal PDS cannot be compromised and this has been conveyed to the planning commission,\" a food and consumer protection department official had told TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356545", "title": "Day two resounds with Mizo, Punjabi beats", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Day two of the Chandigarh Carnival featured art, dance, food and fun. The traditional dance of Mizoram won many hearts with its flowing grace. Food stalls including \"CITCO Da Vehra\" drew customers all day, as did the amusement park and film city.The photography competition being organized by the Chandigarh Lalit Kala Akademi was a huge draw with anyone above the age of 10 years allowed to participate. Budding singers explored their singing talent at Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi stall. After all the artistic attractions, \"CITCO Da Vehra\" offered delicious Punjabi food. The ambience was delightfully Punjabi, replete with mud walls with hand-painted motifs.Visitors were also treated to traditional folk performances. Groups of folk dancers could be seen performing in their traditional attire. Youngsters also jived to Punjabi and Hindi songs on the mini stage. Singer Satinder Sartaj mesmerized the audience during his concert in the evening while Bollywood singer Alka Yagnik will perform on Sunday at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356146", "title": "AI cancels flight, takes passengers to Trichy by bus", "text": "CHENNAI: Around 74 passengers who arrived from Kuala Lumpur by an Air India Express flight kicked up a ruckus at the Chennai airport on Saturday , after the airline staff told them that they will have to travel by bus from Chennai to Trichy .The passengers' ticket was from Kuala Lumpur to Trichy , via Chennai . They refused to travel by bus initially and staged a protest claiming that they were not informed at Kuala Lumpur that the Chennai-T richy leg of the flight would be cancelled .Airline and airport officials intervened and pacified the passengers who had turned livid and argued with the staff . An airport official said that the passengers finally left by a bus arranged by the airline from the airport at 2.30 pm. A senior official of Air India said the Chennai-Trichy flight could not be operated because of a shortage of aircraft as one plane was grounded in Singapore on Thursday . Air India uses two aircraft from Chennai to Kuala Lumpur , Singapore and Colombo everyday .\"We did not want our passengers to get stranded abroad . So , we decided to operate Kuala Lumpur-Chennai service and then offer surface transport to the passengers headed to Trichy . Ground handling at Kuala Lumpur is done by a local firm . Their staff may not have properly informed passengers about the status of Chennai-T richy flight ,\" the AI official said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355282", "title": "Oscar winner wants to make a film in India", "text": "PANAJI: Danish director Susanne Bier, whose film 'In a better world' won an Oscar as well as Golden Globe award for the best foreign language film, has said she would like to make a film in India.\"I would love to shoot a movie in India, but I have to find the right story for it. I've been asking producers if there are right stories set in India,\" said Bier, on the sidelines of the 43rd international film festival of India (Iffi) 2012 in Goa.\"I'm looking for a story I can easily identify with,\" she said, while adding that \"as a filmmaker it's a mistake venturing into an idea you are not familiar with\" and she \"always had fascination with India and have read lots of Indian literature\". \"India is very culturally influential in ways you may not realize,\" said Bier, whose films feature in the retrospective section of Iffi 2012.Asked if life had changed after winning the Academy award, Bier said, \"It's a lot more fun winning the Oscar. Life doesn't change after winning the award but it does open doors.\"Bier, who has studied architecture at university, said she was always interested in telling stories, about human beings and their relationships. She disclosed that she has just finished working on a romantic comedy starring Pierce Brosnan on the subject of cancer and unfaithfulness, and felt \"making romantic comedies is really difficult as it takes extreme accuracy\".Speaking about the Danish film industry, Bier said Denmark is a tiny country like one of the suburbs of an Indian city. She said the country of five million people had \"a healthy film industry and an audience for the films it produces\". \"Around 20 feature films are made in Denmark each year,\" she added. When asked about the different societies she depicts in her films, Bier observed that since \"northern Europe had been far too protected from the rest of the world\", she was attempting to make films \"to educate and tell audiences to embrace a multicultural world\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355589", "title": "'The cannons may tell us new stories about Bangalore'", "text": "BANGALORE: Namma Metro is showing us how namma Bangalore was centuries ago, with the excavation of two cannons used by the rulers to stave off invaders. The cannons, believed to weigh at least one tonne each, and with the potential to shoot off a cannon ball to a 500-1000m range, have raised a lot of questions among researchers in interpreting the city's history. STOI caught up with S K Aruni, deputy director of the Indian Council of Historical Research. A year ago, he had figured out a handy weapon used by humans of the monolithic age, in a caved-in Metro site. Excerpts:Q: The past couple of days must have been very exciting for you as a researcher and student of history.A: Absolutely. I'm going back to history books to understand the origins of the cannons. There could be some inscriptions on the weapon which we are hoping to see. It gives strength to historical studies. In fact, with the invention of cannons, changes were made in fort architecture to raise the height of the walls to avoid cannon ball fire. This excavation leads to a study on several other related facets of history.Q: It's said the cannons belong to Tipu Sultan's era.A: The belief may not be completely true. It's just one of the possibilities. They could belong to the pre-Tipu or post-Tipu era too. The cannons will have to be administered a chemical wash and then analyzed for any inscriptions. The general perception that the cannons were related to Tipu was because they were found near Tipu's palace. We must first analyze and then announce the history behind the cannons. But we've read that Tipu Sultan had invited French nationals to manufacture cannons for him and they had worked in 'Tharamandala pete' (near Ulsoor) of Tipu's Bangalore. I have my own doubts with regard to where this factory that produced metallic weapons was situated, as Ulsoor during those days was known for human habitation. A fireworks factory could not have been set up in a residential locality.Q: Where else in Bangalore is history buried?A: The road in front of KR Market was a battlefield during Tipu's era. There are possibilities that weapons and cannon balls will be seen deep under the surface. When the flyover and subway were constructed along this stretch, BBMP did not take proper measures during the excavation. There are chances of unearthing similar weapons at the underpass worksite near the market.Q: Have these discoveries propelled more research on Bangalore's history?A: We had learnt that cannons had been used in Bangalore's battlefields. Before this excavation, not a single cannon was found in Bangalore. So this marks a greater milestone in understanding the history of Bangalore. After 1800, there were no wars in Bangalore. Also, during the first struggle for Indian independence in 1857, the British started dismantling forts across Karnataka to make sure freedom fighters did not hide behind them. These cannons are found in forts, and may not have been hidden by the British, but sunk underground, and the surface level has changed over the centuries.Q: What should be done with these discoveries?A: I had written to BMRC long ago, saying that during excavation, I would like to observe the remnants of history they find, especially on stretches in Lalbagh area, Rajajinagar and Nandini Layout where human habitation was seen centuries ago. It could be an earthen pot or weapon or anything. The materials can be exhibited in Metro stations on those stretches as material found underground. It will be a matter of pride for Bangaloreans to see the remnants of early human habitation in Bangalore. I have not yet got any response from BMRC, but there are chances of them doing so now. It was experimented with the Delhi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17354913", "title": "Defiant MLA waits for deadline to get over", "text": "SINGUR: Defiant Singur Trinamool MLA Rabindranath Bhattacharya will speak up after the damage control deadline he gave to chief minister Mamata Banerjee is over. However, Bhattacharya is not in a mood to take his angst over his new ministerial assignment against his party.\"Time is running out. I spoke to the chief minister over the new assignment and offered the ultimate decision. However, I was told to wait for a couple of days by the CM. Now the ball is in her court. I am waiting for the deadline to be over soon,\" Bhattacharya said from his Shibarambata house on Saturday.The minister also stayed away from the party organisers' meet where he was invited by his party colleague and new minister Becharam Manna.If these are any indications of Bhattacharya's rising resentment, the minister didn't close the doors of political reconciliation. The 79-year-old mastermoshai got emotional when asked whether he would abstain from the chief minister's meeting at Singur on November 30 like he did on Saturday. \"I am not going to the CM's meeting if the invite is sent to me through a messenger. But I can't stop going there if Mamata Banerjee makes a personal request to me,\" Bhattacharya said.His eyes glistened while the minister recalled the incident six years ago on September 25, 2006 when the police abused Mamata Banerjee at the Singur block office and bodily lifted her to a police van. \"I was there beside her along with Ratna (Trinamool Hooghly MP Ratna De Nag). Ratna is witness to how I ran after the police van when it took away our leader,\" Bhattacharya said. Hoping that he would get a call from the CM, the veteran party organiser said: \"I will be looking forward to up for the meeting on November 30 when the police that abused and beat her earlier will welcome her to the block office with due honour.\"In the evening, Trinamool Hooghly MP Ratna De Nag called on the Singur minister at his Shibarambati village house. \"I came here on my own. Didi didn't send me. I have a long association with mastermoshai. In fact, his assembly segment comes under my parliamentary constituency,\" the Trinamool MP said.Minister Becharam Manna, on the other hand, went to Writers' Buildings on Saturday and held a meeting with Moloy Ghatak, minister put in charge of agriculture department, after Rabindranath Bhattacharya was shifted from this department to that of statistics and programme implementation.Soon after coming back from Kolkata in the evening, Manna was busy addressing the Trinamool organisers of Singur and Haripal where he had invited Rabindranath Bhattacharya.Manna loyalist and Berabari zilla parishad member Manik Das had carried the inivitation card to the defiant minister. Manna and his wife Karabi, who is also a zilla parishad member, were seen vainly waiting outside the Trinamool party office adjoining the Singur railway station for mastermoshai who never turned up. Later at night, Manna called on Rabindranath Bhattacharya at his home and touched his feet in a bid to break the ice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355612", "title": "We are drinking our sewage", "text": "One of the 'symbols' of emerging Bihar, apart from the ubiquitous branding of that chickpea-flour-filled, smoke-roasted dough ball smeared in aubergine hash called litti-chokha, is the annual bathing ritual in honour of the Sun god, the festival of Chhath. The most important feature of the ritual is that utter cleanliness is an imperative, and as every denizen of Bihar can affirm, it's a fact that local citizens and government agencies do their utmost to get the garbage off the roads. For about 48 hours, one can see what a garbage-free city looks like, and this mirage disappears with the return of the Sun worshippers the morning after Chhath.\"It's the same old story, and every year this question is tossed around \u00e2\u20ac\u201d why can't we have clean streets every day? The obvious answer is that the Sun god will not send his punishing flames to engulf you on any other day. His wrath against impurity lasts only as long as the ritual!\" an academician reflected dourly over a single malt at one of Patna's upmarket watering holes.A deeper problem is the way our faulty waste management and water management continue to impact our rivers, especially the Ganga, another socio-cultural icon of the state.\"Patna is drinking its own sewage,\" screamed a headline a few months ago. It raised an eyebrow for a moment, and then it was forgotten with the turn of the page.The latest report from the Centre of Science and Environment, which was 'unveiled' by Bihar urban development minister Prem Kumar a few months ago, states that Patna suffers from a problem of plenty - of water and sewage. It depends on the Ganga and groundwater for drinking.The report stated that less than 10% of the Patna is connected to a sewage network; which means 90% of the city's excreta is discharged into open drains and eventually into the Ganga!From the drains, it also percolates into the groundwater which is pumped up by the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"Bihar's water quality problems are worsening by the year on account of poor sewage management,\" maintains A K Ghose, head of the Environment and Water Management department of A N College.This is because of increasing urbanization coupled with faulty and non-inclusive planning. According to PMC estimates, we generate around 290 MLD of sewage in Patna. Half of this flows into the Ganga directly. The remainder seeps underground mixing with the groundwater.Patna has four sewage treatment plants with a combined capacity of 121 MLD, but only a little over 50 MLD of sewage reaches these plants. This is because our sewage system is ill-maintained, archaic and dysfunctional.The plants also perform poorly on account of power failures, poor maintenance and non-functional treatment zones. So, in effect, the sewage running through the plants is largely untreated.The Public Health Institute in Patna has tested water samples and found more than half to be full of bacterial contamination and unfit for human consumption. Against the permissible level of 100 per millilitre of faecal coliform, tests have indicated an average of 5,056; the permissible level for total coliform is also 100 per ML but tests have shown this to be an average of 13,533! Faecal coliform are bacteria found in excreta. We are, in a manner of speaking, drinking our own sewage. Patna needs about 215 million litres per day (MLD) of water, and gets 202 MLD.The water supply system reaches about 60% of the population. About 20% depend on stand-posts (community water sources) while the rest of us own tube wells. In the PMC area, water supply is for six hours a day totalling 107 litres per person per day while outside, this it is a mere 43.According to available data, the PMC's cost recovery on water supply is just 12% of its expenditure - which means it does not have the money to upgrade the water supply infrastructure.The demand for water is increasing. Hardly a week goes by without some sort of a local protest, especially in the more-congested areas of Patna, over water supply breakdowns. Nitya Jacob, programme director of CSE's water team, says that for Patna to meet its future demand, it's the sewage network that needs attention. \"The city is making grand plans to refurbish its sewage treatment system by adding more sewage treatment plants even though existing ones remain underutilized. However, what Patna needs is better a sewage network and alternatives to sewage treatment other than large centralized plants that it cannot operate,\" he maintains.India's water allocation balance is beginning to be skewed by the country's relentless urbanization and industrial growth. The competing demand for water has made H2O into a basis for conflict. Cities, and Patna is no exception, are opting for a supply-and-supply-more style of water provision. The groundwater levels in the cities are plummeting.PMC's reckoning of the price of water and waste is incomplete without two questions: \"Who gets the water and how much? And secondly, whose waste is collected, treated and disposed of into the river?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359594", "title": "Watch 'Life of Pi' with your kids, urges Shekhar Kapur", "text": "Filmmaker Shekhar Kapur recommends all parents to take their kids to watch Ang Lee's Life of Pi. He tweeted, \"Don't forget to take your kids to see Life of Pi. They will love it. I am going again tomorrow with my daughter.''Kapur calls Life of Pi an amazing cinematic achievement. \"A must see. Four n Half wows. Ask me why not full 5 wows,'' Shekhar tweeted.When asked the reason for taking half of the star, he tweeted, \"Truly an amazing film. I wish though Hollywood did not treat us like caricatures of ourselves as the film did in its 1st 30 minutes.'' The filmmaker also lists the films that he can watch several times.\" 2001 Space Odyssey . Godfather . Shankarabharanam n now Life of Pi are films I can watch again and again,\" Shekhar wrote on the micro-blogging site.He also takes a dig at films that make Rs 100 cr at the box office.\"Those celebrating the 100cr club should learn from a film about a young Indian boy, his family, a Bengal tiger and Indian philosophy,'' Shekhar tweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355743", "title": "Mysore chess star shines at world event", "text": "BANGALORE: It's taken Girish Koushik six years to get back on the podium at the World Youth Chess Championship. This time, the victory is sweeter than before.The 15-year-old wonderkid had hogged the limelight in 2006 when he won the under-10 championship in Batumi, Georgia. Last week, at the prestigious event in Maribor, Slovenia, the Mysore lad won the silver medal in the under-16 open category. What made it special was receiving the medal from former world champion Garry Kasparov .\"All these years, I have adored him, read up his every move and watched his matches online. This was a dream come true. I was shaking with excitement. After he gave me the medal, I told him that I was a big fan and that he was my role model. He smiled and replied, 'That's great, kid. Keep it up'. That, and his autograph, are something I will cherish forever,\" Girish told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17355885", "title": "Hangman got a hike ahead of Kasab execution", "text": "MUMBAI: A week before Pakistan terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab was executed in Pune's Yerwada central jail, the Maharashtra home department hiked the remuneration for jallads (hangmen) from Rs 10 to Rs 5,000 while the fund for disposal of the body was enhanced from Rs 50 to Rs 15,000.According to an order of November 15, the remuneration for the hangman was fixed at Rs 10 on May 21, 1962, while the fund for disposal of the body was fixed at Rs 50. Subsequently, on January 18, 1971, the home department empowered the inspector general of prisons to hike the remuneration for hanging upto Rs 25, while there was no change in the fund for the disposal of the body.On November 8, when the date for execution of Kasab was fixed, some senior IPS and jail officials brought the low rates to the notice of Home Minister R R Patil. ``The revised order has come into force. As a result, the person who hanged Kasab was paid Rs 5000,'' a senior IPS official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356139", "title": "Nadia: Action queen from Australia", "text": "CHENNAI: Nadia , the comic-action star of films such as 'Hunterwali' and 'Diamond Queen' , was born Mary Evans in Perth, Australia. The blue-eyed blonde, who moved to Mumbai with her parents as a child, was a circus star who shot to fame in the 1930s in stunt films made by Jamshed Wadia's Wadia Movietone company. In her first film, 'Hunterwali' , she wore a Zorro-like mask, carried a whip and played a princess who rescued her kidnapped father and reclaimed his empire. Her stunts became more spectacular with every film and she swung from chandeliers, jumped onto trains, fought off villains and lifted, swung and threw men, wrestler style. The Wadia brother used her to make films on social themes and Nadia spoke up, in her accented Hindi, against oppression of women, the caste system and even, British imperialism.Actors tend to choose glamorous roles because they are safer, not just to keep aches and breaks away, but also for a long, happy career. Actor Khushbu , who did comely, homely and quietly powerful roles from the late 1980s to the 1990s, says she played a tough role in 'Captain Magal' in 1993. \"It failed because people couldn't accept it. It went against my image. Here, it's not about being physically strong but portraying mental strength,\" she says.Director Suresh Krissna, who has worked with most of south India's biggest stars, including Rajinikanth , Kamal Haasan and Mohanlal, says some tried to copy Vijayashanthi and failed. \"Even she made the shift later when she was less convincing as a glamour girl. She had the physique, mannerisms and dialogue delivery to carry it off and got good scripts,\" he says. \"Most heroines don't want to do action because they won't find heroes later if they establish themselves as tough women. Directors can't then cast them as subservient to the male lead.\"Directors tend to choose stories and faces that suit audiences. \"Earlier, families came to theatres. In the last decade, 99% of the audience on the first day is unemployed young men. Catering to them is a surefire way to success and they don't want to see empowered women beating up men,\" says K Hariharan, director of LV Prasad Film Academy.Vangal agrees and says that films and the roles women play also reflect society's outlook. \"The dying feminist movement is reflected in cinema. Women are comfortable with men taking centrestage,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356624", "title": "Tension in Babupurwa over construction dispute", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed in Ajeetganj locality under Babupurwa police station on Saturday afternoon as two groups came at loggerheads over construction of the terrace of a building occupied by a member of one of the groups.A heated exchange of words occurred after one group objected to the construction, terming it illegal. Senior police officials including DIG Amitabh Yash rushed to the spot and prevented the situation from taking an ugly turn.Heavy police force was later deployed in the area even as talks were on between the district authorities and the two groups.Meanwhile, scuffles and subsequent police deployment were also reported from Kailashnagar area where two groups of the same community again clashed over construction work. According to reports, tension escalated when one of the groups, allegedly with the support of local police, obstructed the construction process being carried out by the other group.One Mohd Amir alleged he was supervising construction at his Kailashnagar residence when few cops from nearby Jajamu police outpost arrived on the scene at the behest of his neighbour Mohd Hasan and misbehaved with him badly. The issue took a serious turn when scores of supporters of Mohd Amir assembled in front of Jajmau police outpost and demanded his immediate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354805", "title": "Industrial township at Purulia", "text": "KOLKATA: If all goes according to plan, Raghunathpur in Purulia may soon boast of an industrial township. The state government is planning to set up an industrial township at Purulia's Raghunathpur.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim said on Saturday that the state government was already working to have a land use and development control planning (LUDCP) of the area.\"Survey work has started. We have plans to set up an industrial township there,\" the minister said.Raghunathpur has around 2,000-acre of land. According to plans, the township with residential areas will come up outside the industrial clusters. The area has around 2,000 acre of land, both vested and private. According to plans, it will be an industrial township with residential areas outside the industrial clusters.\"It will be unlike Rajarhat where land was acquired by the government. Here, there are vested and private land that has to be bought,\" the minister said.Once the township comes up, the area will be connected to states like Jharkhand through a highway. A toll system may also introduced for vehicles that make use of the highway. Besides, the township will help generate more jobs and improve the socio-economic condition of the area.The state government is also considering options of extending the jurisdiction area of Asansol Durgapur Development Authority (ADDA) up to Raghunathpur for this purpose. \"The entire plan is at a preliminary stage,\" said Hakim.The state urban development department is already making plans to set up new residential areas. The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) was earlier chalking out a masterplan to develop the peri-urban areas of the Kolkata Metropolitan Area.Also, plans are on to extend the jurisdiction area of Asansol Durgapur Development Authority (ADDA) upto Raghunathpur for this purpose. 'The entire plan is in preliminary stage,\" minister Firhad Hakim said.Officials said that setting up an industrial township along with residential clusters in Raghunathpur will help immensely to develop the socio economic-condition of the area as more job opportunities will be created and more people will be able to start living in what is presently lying idol as unused vested land.The state urban development department was already working on to set up new residential areas in the state. The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) was earlier working to come up with a masterplan to develop the peri-urban areas of the Kolkata metropolitan area. The government was presently looking into the potential of the areas falling both sides of Kalyani expressway to develop it as new residential places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354546", "title": "Fewer hearings to get deemed conveyance", "text": "MUMBAI: Housing societies seeking deemed conveyance will no longer need to go through a fresh hearing before revenue officials to get the society's name entered in the land records.The decision will not only reduce the bureaucratic proc ess, but will save residents several months of waiting period. The revenue department has directed all collectorates that maintain land records to desist from issuing fresh notices and conducting hearings once the competent authorities in the co-operatives department have held hearings and given an order in favour of deemed conveyance. \"The deputy registrar is the competent authority to hold such hearings. Holding a second hearing all over again for the same issue creates unnecessary delay. Hence it has been decided that mutation of land records will be carried out based on the deputy registrar's decision,\" said Swadhin Kshatriya, principal secretary (revenue and forests).Currently, the district deputy registrar of co-operative societies first conducts a hearing and decides in favour of deemed conveyance, following which a second hearing is conducted by the sub-registrar who issues a deemed conveyance certificate.Once the land records office receives the certificate with a request for updation of records, it conducts its own independent hearing according to the process under the Maharashtra land revenue code for any mutation of records.With the change, the sub-registrar's office forwards a copy of the order directly to the land records department, which carries out the mutation without a fresh hearing.\"Greater relief to societies would be provided if the second hearing within the co-operatives department was also done away with,\" said Vinod Sampat, an expert on housing laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17356022", "title": "Govt to speed up Aadhar card process", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday said that the state government is going to speed up the Aadhar card distribution process, as all government services would be soon linked with the card.Speaking to reporters on the backdrop of the annual Bankers' Conference (BANCON), Chavan said, \"Maharashtra is one of the leading states to process maximum UID registrations. With the help of the Aadhar card, money meant for the state government scheme beneficiaries will be transferred directly into their bank accounts. The state will also link all schemes to the card so that the actual beneficiaries get the advantages.\"When asked about the Madhav Gadgil committee report on preservation of ecology in the Western Ghats, Chavan said, \"The implementation of the report's recommendations will bring development in the Konkan region to a halt. It will be difficult to develop any infrastructure in Konkan, which will add to the backwardness of the region and lead to migration to Mumbai. We have to take a practical view of the report.\"Chavan said that he and his cabinet colleagues recently explained the state's stand on the matter to members of the Dr K Kasturirangan panel, which has been set up by the Centre to examine the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report.CM keeps mum on Thackeray memorialChief minister Prithviraj Chavan preferred to remain silent on the ongoing controversy over setting up a memorial for the late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray . Debate over the issue has become a political hotcake. While the Shiv Sena first raised the demand for a memorial at Shivaji Park, some Congress and MNS corporators in Mumbai have asked for the memorial to be set up on the Indu Mills land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355665", "title": "Ojha misses century, helps MP reach respectable total", "text": "INDORE: Thanks to Naman Ojha's brisk 99-run innings and some useful contribution by the middle order batsmen, host Madhya Pradesh managed to score 322 for five at the end of first day's play of four-day Elite Group 'A' Ranji trophy match against Bengal at the Holkar cricket stadium here on Saturday.Earlier, Wriddhiman Saha , who was leading the Bengal team in absence of injured Manoj Tiwari, decided to field first after seeing moisture on the wicket. MP lost one of the openers, Zafar Ali (10), early who gave medium pacer Mohd Sami his first break. Soon, Sami also sent Satyam Chowdhary (6) back to the dressing room. But opener Naman Ojha held on and in partnership with skipper Bundela, steered the score to 127, while playing for the third wicket. Naman missed his century by a a single run when fell to Saha's beauty. He was caught behind by Abhishek Jhunjhunwala . Naman's innings included 16 boundaries and a six.Skipper Bundela, playing his 100th Ranji match, though stood firm and played 157 balls to score 61, with eight hits to the fence. He was bowled by Veer Pratp Singh when MP's score was 211. Udit Birla then arrived on the crease and scored a quick half century off 61 balls. Soon after completing his 50 he edged Sarkar to the keeper. When Udit walked to pavilion, the score board read 245 for five.Rameez Khan and Jalaj Saxena played sheet-anchor and stiched together an unbroken 77 run partnership for the sicth wicket. Rameez was unbeaten on 35 runs with Jalaj just a six short of his half century at the close of the first day's play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356133", "title": "Golma Devi has a day out", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a day out for Dausa MP Kirori Lal Meena and his wife Golma Devi who were here at the inaugural function of Maharani's College union office on Saturday. Former minister Golma Devi also danced with the students on folk songs.Meena too could not resist the catchy beats and joined his wife. The audience was so charged-up that a thunderous applause lasted for almost two minutes. \"My wife is responsible for what I am today,\" said Meena, who was the chief guest of the occasion. Golma Devi addressed the students in Rajasthani and said, \"You are lucky to get the opportunity of studying in such a prestigious college.\"Amidst fun and frolic, Meena took a dig at Congress and BJP about providing reservations for Gujjars. He accused both the parties of creating tension in the society. \"During BJP tenure 70 Gujjars were killed in the state and now Congress is creating rift among different communities.\" He also held the Congress responsible for Gopalgarh fiasco.Advocating his agenda, he talked about the need for a third front in the state for social, economic and political empowerment of the other communities. Meena has been visiting villages after towns and cities pitching for the need of a third front. His visit to the college is also seen as a strategy to popularize the need for the third front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17358830", "title": "Children born in summer are behind peers in maths: Study", "text": "LONDON: Children born in summer lag behind their classmates when it comes to maths, a new UK study has claimed.Many summer born children are around 13 months behind the average for their year group in maths, according to the report produced by Every Child a Chance Trust.Researchers studied 47,237 six and seven-year-olds who were among the weakest in their class in terms of numeracy.They found that children born between May and August are around a third more likely to need extra numeracy tuition, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Children who struggled with maths were 35 per cent more likely to have been born between May 1 and August 31 and were more likely to be boys than girls.The struggling pupils were also 35 per cent more likely to be from an ethnic minority and 50 per cent more likely to speak English as an additional language.The study also found that with a short but intense tutoring scheme struggling children can catch up with their peers.After just 3.7 months of support, the children made average gains of 15.7 months.Children who were tutored in pairs and groups of three appeared to make just as much progress as those taught on a one-to-one basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355570", "title": "Wasteful talks, report of announcements: Opposition", "text": "PATNA: RJD President Lalu Prasad on Saturday described as \"wasteful talks\" the report card presented by chief minister Nitish Kumar on achievements of his government in the past one year. \"The report card contains wasteful talks,\" Prasad told reporters in his reaction over the report card-2012 presented by the chief minister.\"The truth is that law and order and education system have crumbled in the state under the NDA government...Nitish should have sought apology in the report card over cases of rape of women ,\" Prasad said.Prasad, who talked to mediapersons immediately after arriving here from Delhi, alleged that the CM was 'befooling' all the castes and community in the state.Congress and LJP also criticized the JD(U)-BJP government claim of development in the state.Reacting to the report card, LJP president Ramvilas Paswan said, \"The report card was nothing but a bundle of lies.\"State Congress president Chaudhary Mehboob Kaisar said the report card is only a plan on paper.\" People were protesting against him on the streets as the law and order situation has deteriorated in the Nitish rule, Kaisar added.CPI, CPI(M) and CPI-ML also disagreed with the claims of development made by the Nitish government.CPI state secretary Rajendra Prasad Singh also described the CM's report card as \"a report of announcements\". \"The ground reality is that the CM faced mass resistance during his Adhikar Yatra,\" he said and added the agriculture road map claims were merely announcements and no development had taken place in the agri sector.Singh said middlemen, not farmers, were benefiting from the diesel subsidies and government purchase of wheat. The claims of industrialization have remained on paper only as closed industries could not be revived and new industries did not come up, he said and pointed out even the state DGP had admitted increase in incidence of crime.BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser and Congress legislature party leader Sadanand Singh pooh-poohed the tall claims of CM Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and said the state saw not a single major industrial investment during their seven years of regime. Also, not even one megawatt power was generated during the period.\"Instead, there has been an unprecedented increase in the incidents of rape, kidnapping, murder, loot and dacoity while the poor state of health care was thoroughly exposed in the wake of the tragic stampeded during Chhath in Patna in which 16 people were killed,\" the Congress leader said and claimed the development programmes in the state were funded by the Congress-led central government.CPI-ML (Liberation)'s state secretary Kunal said the CM's report card did not mirror the ground realities in the state. The implementation of so-called agriculture road map without land reforms and sharecropper law was a crime against the farmers, he said and added the CPI-ML would issue a charge sheet against the government's failures soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17356811", "title": "Public convention against FDI in retail sector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan will inaugurate the public convention against foreign direct investment in retail sector, here on Tuesday.Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi state president T Nazarudeen will preside. CPI assistant secretary C N Chandran, MLAs C K Nanu, A K Saseendran, Kovoor Kunjumon, CITU state secretary T P Ramakrishnan, Ramachandran Kadannapally, E S Biju and K Hassan Koya will speak.Award: Senior journalist and former resident editor of Malayala Manorma K Aboobacker and Islamic scholar and Quran translator Cheriyamundam Abdul Hameed Madani have been selected for the first award instituted by the Vakkom Maoulavi Centre for Studies and Research. The award comprises a purse of Rs 50,000 and a citation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356660", "title": "Blend of east, west at DAV annual function", "text": "LUDHIANA: A colourful fusion of eastern and western cultures and a harmonious blend of music and dance marked the annual function of DAV Public School at BRS Nagar. Ravimder Talwar, secretary of DAV College Managing Committee, Delhi was the chief guest on the occasion. The programme began with the song, \"Gyandeep Le Haath\" rendered by boys of the primary section, followed by a welcome speech by manager P P Sharma and principal Sudesh Patial, who also highlighted the progress of the school.The spirit of patriotism came to the fore in a dance choreography, \"Desh Ke Liye Vardaan,\" followed by a winning western dance. Taking the audience back to the Bollywood of the '80s, the students danced in songs on the theme \"Old is gold'.\"Christmas Carol,\" an English play was the highlight of the day, showing how festivities bring people together. Rajasthani dance from, Chari, caught the audience's attention, while Hindi play \"Ek Tukda Roshni,\" focused on the problems of the modern world.The progamme rose to a crescendo with a bhangra presentation, which had everyone tapping their feet. The chief guest and members of the managing committee gave away prizes to meritorious students of classes VIII, IX and X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355561", "title": "4 arrested in murder case", "text": "BANGALORE: The Mahalakshmi Layout police on Saturday arrested four men for allegedly hacking 25-year-old Karthik alias Lodde to death on November 17. Police are on the look out for more accused.The arrested are B Mithun, 23, Mahesh Venkataswamy 23, both residents of Kurubarahalli, and Suresh Mallikarjun, 24, and Vijay Kumar of Mahalakshmi Layout.\"We suspect old rivalry behind the gruesome killing,\" said deputy commissioner of police-North, SN Sidramappa.Rag picker found deadThe Cottonpet police on Sunday recovered the body of a rag picker from an abandoned three-storeyed building on Police Road.Police also found another rag picker, who was unconscious and injured severely. He has been shifted to Nimhans. The duo are yet to be identified, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17356392", "title": "5-day Panch Bhisma marks marriage of deities", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Winter season has arrived in Dhauldhar hills signaling start of the five-day festival \"Panch Bhisma\" from Saturday onwards. The celebrations signify marriage of deities \"Tulsi\" with \"Saligram\" and is linked to epic Mahabharata. Oil lamps are lit on the occasion. Meanwhile, the administration has made adequate preparations to maintain law and order at the ancient Jayanti Devi temple near Kangra, where thousands of devotees arrive during the festivity days.A steep path leads to the temple which sits on a hill top and people start gathering here right from dawn of the first day of the celebrations. Vedic hymns, bhajans and chants liven up the surroundings. This temple is situated opposite to the famous Kangra fort, which has been a witness to several victories and defeats during the Mogul rule in India. Manji river divides the two hills. The festival will conclude on November 28, the date coincides with Kartik Poornamashi. Apart from the marriage of deities, Panch Bhisma also commemorates the great warrior and guru of pandavas in the Mahabharata - Guru Bhishampitama, said Umesh Sharma, 62, a senior priest in Kangra. The people in the valley would solemnize wedding of the deities by lighting oil lamps and decorating the deity as a bride.Meanwhile, cops would be deployed along the 1km steep path and pilgrims would be given \"langer Prasad\" by families during the five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360984", "title": "I still do love Amy Winehouse, says Pete Doherty", "text": "British rockstar Pete Doherty has opened up about his secret affair with Amy Winehouse , admitting that it is difficult for him to admit.\"But, yes, it's true. Amy and I were lovers. I loved her then and, well, I still do today,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.\"But towards the end, as only lovers can, she became quite mean and cruel to me. She didn't suffer fools .??.??. and believe me, she had a mean right hook,\" he said.Winehouse's death in July last year hit him hard, and the musician opened up about his \"explosive romance\" with the tragic singer.\"Well we did lose her. There but for the grace of God go I, is what I say,\" he said.\"She had such a big heart but she was physically small and increasingly frail and I never once saw her eat anything solid, just milkshakes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355436", "title": "Association of rural management schools formed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eight rural management schools across the country have come together to establish the National Association of Rural Management Schools (Narms). The initiative will work to provide a thrust to development in rural management, which still lack proper facilities and infrastructure.\"Different institutions involved in offering education on rural management have their perspectives, goals, curriculum and pedagogy structured around varying objectives,\" says Nikhilesh Desai, head, business development cell, Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI). \"The need is to standardize the structure and make rural management relevant.\"The eight schools under this association are Institute of Rural Management (IRM), Anand; KIIT School of Rural Management, Bhubaneshwar; XIMB; Gandhigram Rural University, Gujarat; Xavier Institute of Development Action and Studies, Jabalpur; GB Pant Social Science Institute, Allahabad; Institute of Health Management and Research, Jaipur; and EDI, Gandhinagar.The association will work as a body that drives better rural management education and will also collaborate to offer joint programmes, host international conferences and workshops, provide scholarships and even advise and impact national policies in the area of rural management.The association will be headquartered at Institute of Rural Management, Anand, and Dr Jeemol Unni, director of IRM will be its chairperson. Dr Dinesh Awasthi, director of EDI will be the secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354807", "title": "Adhir project to speed up travel time to northeast", "text": "KOLKATA: Travel time to North Bengal and northeast by train will be cut short soon, thanks to the doubling project by minister of state for railways Adhir Chowdhury.Chowdhury on Saturday announced commencement of work on laying double lines between Katwa and Azimgunj. kicked off an important project in the state on Saturday by announcing commencement of work on laying double lines between Katwa and Azimgunj.The 73-km single line stretch has been a major hurdle to the speedy movement of trains between not only Kolkata and North Bengal, but also the northeast.Important trains like the Kamrup Express and Teesta Torsa Express pass through this route and the single line increases the travel time. Going is slow in the Katwa-Azimgunj section due to the single line.Trains have to be moved to a loop line and made to wait till another one from the opposite direction passes.\"This is a very important stretch. A lot of time is wasted in the single line section. Trains can't pick up speed due to the absence of proper signals. Once doubling is completed in the entire stretch, the travel time will get reduced. Safety will also be enhanced,\" an Eastern Railway official said.During the day, Chowdhury inaugurated doubling work for the 30.6-km stretch between Katwa and Bazar Sau. This will be the first stage of the work. Among those present at the Katwa station during the programme was MLA Rabindranath Chatterjee.The estimated cost for the first phase is pegged at Rs 256.63 crore.There are eight intermediate stations, 11 major bridges, 58 minor bridges and 21 level crossing gates in this stretch. Chowdhury also inaugurated the renovated Bazar Sau station during the day. This renovation project has cost Rs 69 lakh.A PRS-cum-UTS counter was also inaugurated at the station.Chowdhury, since taking over as minister of state for railways, has commenced doubling on either banks of the Bhagirathi. He announced doubling between Plassey and Jiagunj.This stretch passes through Behrampore Court and is also an important link between Kolkata and North Bengal. This is the link between Behrampore and Sealdah.The Katwa-Azimgunj section is on the other bank of the Bhagirathi and connects Behrampore to Howrah through the Khagraghat Road station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354841", "title": "Pandav Ayurvedic College students lose academic year", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after repeated warnings, students seek admission into fake institutes or those which conduct courses that have not been recognized by apex education bodies.About 48 students of Shri KR Pandav Ayurved College near Dighori octroi post have lost an academic year, as the apex body AYUSH (Central government's Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy ) and Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM) had not granted permission to the college to hold classes for the year 2011-12. The apex bodies cited large-scale deficiencies in infrastructure, facilities and shortage of approved teachers.According to the students, who came to the TOI office, their exams, which are conducted by Nashik-based Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), will begin from Friday, but they are still to get their enrolment numbers and identity cards.They accused the management of luring and defrauding them under the pretext of offering Bachelor of Ayurveda, Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) course. According to them, the college had charged Rs 2 lakh donation from each of them besides the regular fees of Rs 1.5 lakh. The management was told to shift the students to other recognized colleges but nothing was done. Hence, the students have lost an entire year. They claimed that even their names were not there in the records of AYUSH and CCIM. They alleged that the college had admitted them illegally.Principal NC Balpande refused to make any comment and passed the entire buck to the management. \"We are only teachers, we don't conduct admissions. Moreover, I am not the full time principal,\" he said.Dean Mayatai Agne, however, claimed that they had received permission from the lower court and accordingly gave admissions. However, Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court ruled in favour of AYUSH and CCIM and directed the college not to admit students till they improve the deficiencies.\"We have already moved the Supreme Court where the decision pending. Our problem is that the apex court has clubbed our petitions with that of other colleges and therefore it is taking time. But we are sure that the decision would be in our favour as we had improved some of the deficiencies,\" she said.Agne added that they were not the only ones facing this problem and there were about 16 such Ayurveda colleges in the state who have been barred from admitting students. \"We had requested the SC to allow hundreds of students like ours to appear in a special exam to save them from losing an academic year,\" she said.She added that the problem was only with this batch as their four other batches had already passed out. \"We have the permission to conduct admission for 2012-13 batch from AYUSH and CCIM,\" she said.The aggrieved students, however, claimed that colleges had deliberately hidden these facts from them. \"Even our admissions were made as late as in November last year. We had also completed all our classes and practicals regularly. We even filled up our exam forms and the college had taken a hefty fees for that as well,\" the students said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359809", "title": "Fans dislike replacements of TV's iconinc characters", "text": "Even after they 'leave' their signature shows, TV superstars who've created iconic characters and found themselves a permanent place in their fans' hearts, make it impossible for replacements to step in their slots.Television superstars are a rare breed. Unlike their Bollywood counterparts very few small screen actors find the kind of mass adulation and success that tinsel dreams are made of.A year and half ago, a relatively unknown actor slipped into the designer shoes of an unsmiling, arrogant biz tycoon called Arnav Singh Raizada (in Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ?) and gave himself and the show an insant cult status. Barun Sobti has overnight become the most wanted star in the soapbox and has even found himself a Bollywood launchpad. His classically sculpted good looks and charming screen presence combined with his endearing off-screen personality has given him the official heartthrob status among millions of fans worldwide.Predictably, when news of his \"taking a break\" from his show came out, his fans started deluging the broadcast channel (Star Plus), and the production house with phone calls, emails and spam mail in twitter/facebook, seeking either his immediate return to the show, or to end the show on a happy note with him and his reel love played by Sanaya Irani. Never before has a TV actor's 'taking a break' from a show generated so much unhappiness from the audience to the extent that fans reportedly staged small protests in Birmingham where Barun is currently, on a promotional tour.Of course, fans have been outraged by the departure of their favourite actors in the past too. When Rajeev Khandelwal quit Kahin Toh Hoga at the peak of popularity, his cluster of fans could not accept his replacement model actor Gurpreet Singh and the show wrapped up within months! Harshad Chopra had also been taken off Kis Desh Mein Hai Mera Dil and a new character was introduced, played by model actor Jai Kalra as a possible love interest for the female lead. In two months, Harshad was brought back to salvage the show's TRPs. Dimpled dreamboat Karan Singh Grover who had made Dill Mill Gayye hugely popular left the show in 2009 to chase his big screen dreams. The production house introduced a new male lead (Karan Wahi) who even created amazing chemistry with the then Riddhima (Jennifer Winget), but in March 2010, Karan made a thumping comeback on the show and the spotlight promptly shifted back on him.Sushant Singh Rajput was replaced by Hiten Tejwani as Manav in Pavitra Rishta, but it took a generation leap, to make the audiences accept the show back, although it never became the channel leader afterwards. Mishal Raheja potrayed Datta Bhau with so much confidence in Laagi Tujh Se Lagan that the audiences rejected Shabbir Ahluwalia when he replaced Mishal, and the show went off air with a whimper.There are rumours that Barun's screen character might be killed off in Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ? amid high drama and model actor Viraf Patel will step into the show in the lead role in a matter of days. The channel is confident that the dramatic new twists will keep the audiences hooked. And Barun also conveniently has assured his fans that he might 'return' in the second season of the show (assuming his death track means the end of season 1), keeping the options open for himself and the channel. Although there is no indication at all of there being a second season of this show at all from the channel.Will audiences really warm up to the new male lead at a time when the show's status is under cloud and there's talk that Sanjay Leela Bhansali's show will replace it? Can you really recreate screen chemistry with costars with such consummate ease? The TRPs in mid-December will clear those facts perhaps, but for every small screen heartthrob, there's only that one iconic role that gives them immortality and magic can't be recreated. That's why Rajeev Khandelwal, Karan Singh Grover and Harshad Chopra haven't managed to weave the same spell on their fans in their subsequent TV outings. May be that explains why fans find it so difficult to let go of a star who transported them into a world where happily ever afters are possible. Replacements, no matter how good they are, can never take the place of the original even in reel life!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17355009", "title": "Authority plans supply of 100% Ganga water by March", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has prepared a detailed plan to recharge the groundwater levels and achieve a zero-discharge status. According to the plan, the city will receive an additional 192 million litres per day (MLD) of Ganga water and will be able to supply 100% river water to the residents by March 2013.A detailed project report (DPR) has been prepared by WAPCOS, a government of India enterprise, to enable the Authority to utilize 100% of treated sewage water in the next few years.The authority has drawn up the plan to not just recharge groundwater, but also stop drawing it out and attain a 'zero water wastage' status by 2020. \"The availability of Ganga water in Noida is 48MLD. By March next year, we will receive an additional supply of 192MLD of Ganga water every day. The total availability will thus be 240MLD, while the projected demand for water in the city by next year is about 215MLD,\" said an official. \"As the supply of water will exceed the demand by next year, there will be no need to extract groundwater,\" he said.Besides, the Authority hopes to make a new sewage treatment plant (STP) with a capacity of about 88MLD operational in the next two years.The new plant, the last of the four sewage treatment plants commissioned by the Authority, will use the advanced Sequential Batch Reactor (SBR) technology to treat wastewater. As per the Authority's Master Plan 2021, the four STPs will help treat 231MLD of wastewater, which will be used for irrigation, industrial, construction activities, etc, thus, reducing the dependence on groundwater. \"SBR is the most advanced water treatment technology. As per the DPR prepared by WAPCOS, 60% of the treated water will be utilized for irrigation purposes, thus, recharging the groundwater table. The remaining 40% will be used for construction and industrial purposes,\" the official said.Furthermore, the Noida Authority has put in place measures to curb rampant pollution and illegal borings to restore the groundwater level. It has also made installation of water-harvesting systems in plots of 300 metres and above, mandatory.It will also appoint a private agency to routinely check the systems for efficient functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354569", "title": "Home ministry may consider plea over ITBP bill", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union home department has agreed to \"positively consider\" to waive the bill slapped on the state home department by the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) for guarding Pakistani national Ajmal Kasab .On Saturday, home minister R R Patil spoke to Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , said a senior home department official. \"Patil told the Union home minister that the Mumbai terror strike was an attack on the nation and not only on Mumbai,\" the home department official said.\"Hence, guarding Kasab was the responsibility of state and the central agencies. Patil demanded that the Centre should waive the ITBP bill slapped on the Maharashtra government,\" he added.Patil told officials that the Centre had agreed to \"positively consider\" to set aside the charge levied by the central security agency.\"The issue has been sorted out by Shinde and Patil. Now, the administrative procedure would begin and once the process is completed, the official announcement to this effect will be made either by the Centre or the state home ministry,\" the official added.The state government had spent Rs 5.2 crore to construct a special cell for the Pakistani national inside Arthur Road jail. The government had deployed a team of over 120 ITBP personnel to guard Kasab ever since he was lodged in jail in Mumbai.\"Kasab was in prison for nearly four years and the central security agency has slapped a bill of approximately Rs 25 crore for this period,\" a senior home department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17353782", "title": "Sari makes a comeback in placement interviews at IIM-Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sari is back on the campus of India's premier management school. Women students at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) may go the whole nine yards during placement interviews this year.The Indian ethnic wear has been recognised as a formal wear for business interviews held on the campus after a long hiatus, thanks to the efforts of the institute's first woman cultural representative in 52 years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Priyanshi Mathur.The sari disappeared from placement interviews some years ago as more women students started wearing business suits, considering the convenience factor. They also wanted to present a more global image. Mathur asked the placement committee to recognise sari as formalwear and got the nod.While Mathur wasn't available for a comment, a student from her batch said, \"Business suits were not compulsory for women in the last few years, but recommended by the institute to have a uniform dress code. Suits also met global trends. But I am not sure how many will wear it for interviews.\"Professor Kirti Sharda, chairperson of the placements committee said, \"We ask students to come in business formals for interviews. What they consider formal is up to them.\"The sari shift has come at a time when women form 17% of the students this year, compared to 11% last year. Nayan Parikh, president of IIM-A Alumni Association, Ahmedabad chapter, believes the sari is the best way of showing global companies that these are Indian women managers.Beena Handa, an IIM-A alumnus of the 1974 batch and vice-president, Claris Lifesciences , feels that appropriateness matters over dressing Indian or western. \"Almost 40 years ago, the typical image of a professional woman manager was a plain sari with a thick border. Over time, both the sari and the business suit have gained acceptance for women. A sari gives a woman grace and adds maturity to her persona. But we need to have a flexible view of the dress code now, keeping the job profile and culture of the organisation in mind,\" Handa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17359679", "title": "Seven suicides reported in Bhopal over last 2 days", "text": "BHOPAL: Seven persons including an engineering student committed suicide in separate incidents in the last 48 hours here, police said today.A businessman, Ashok Bhadoria from Indore, ended his life by consuming poisonous pills at his brother-in-law's house at Sanchi Complex in the city on Friday.Bhadoria had reportedly suffered losses in his borewell business, police said.An engineering student, Kamlesh Kumar, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in a hotel room here on November 23.According to police, Kamlesh was residing with his cousin in Piplani area, but he checked into a hotel at Hamidia Road on Thursday where he was found hanging on Friday.A suicide note was found in the room which said that he had failed in four subjects.In another incident, one Manish Bhargava, hailing from Begumganj was found hanging in a rented room on November 23 in Vinayak House under Ashoka Garden police station limit.Police said Bhargava, who earlier worked at a private firm in MP Nagar, was unemployed for the last two months.Besides, a married woman, Jyoti, allegedly ended her life by hanging herself at her house in Talaiya police station area two days ago.Her husband had gone out to market when she took the extreme step, police said.In yet another incident, Arvind Kumar, who worked in Paryavaran Prisar, set himself ablaze in the same premises and succumbed to injuries on Friday, police said adding that he set himself on fire in an inebriated state.Also, one Prakash Soni (44), from Indira Nagar colony, committed suicide by consuming poison.In one more incident, Raj Kumar Kori, a resident of Shiv Nagar ended his life by consuming poisonous substance after a dispute with his wife. He died while undergoing treatment, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355593", "title": "Roerich estate remains a wasteland", "text": "BANGALORE: The famed Tataguni estate on Kanakapura Road has turned into a wasteland. And there is fear that this home of the Roerichs and haven of art will become an easy target for land sharks on the prowl.After a prolonged legal fight, the government of Karnataka had acquired the 456-acre estate that was home to Russian artist Svetoslav Roerich and his actor-wife Devika Rani. Ostensibly, the acquisition was to conserve the heritage value of the property by building a studio and an art museum on the campus. But not a single stone has moved so far and the estate is now a haven for wild animals and even nefarious activities.Tataguni estate has nothing to deter encroachers as it has no boundary wall or fencing. Currently, hundreds of priceless paintings by Roerich which should have been grabbing eyeballs at the estate are gathering dust at the Venkatappa Art Gallery in the city. Sadly, none of the agencies involved in the upkeep of the estate and realization of the various proposed projects have met even once.In sharp contrast, the house of the Roerichs in Kulu, Himachal Pradesh is one of the most popular tourist destinations, thanks to that state government's conservation efforts.After the acquisition, the state government set up The Roerich and Devika Rani Roerich Estate Board. HR Jagadish, CEO of the board, claimed that the Kannada and culture department which was to submit a proposal on the construction of the studio and museum on a 25-acre plot in the estate is still sitting on the files. He claimed Roerich's paintings have been stored at the gallery and \"have not been ignored\".Sudhakar Shetty, deputy director of the department, claimed they had sent a tentative proposal to the board only a week ago. \"We have not sent the final proposal yet as we have not got possession of 25 acres of land from the revenue department,\" he said.LONG WAIT FOR BIG-BANG PLANS* The government plans museum and studio on the Tataguni estate but nothing has moed yet* A Rs 6-crore rose garden slated to come up on a 25-acre plot also remains on paper* A proposal to fence the estate at Rs 1.6 crore was spiked by the estate board, which wants a compound wall. The estimates are not ready yet* In fact, the proposals may not see the light of the day till next year as no budgetary allocations have been madeOnly 6 guards for 456-acre estateIllegal grazing of livestock is rampant in the Tataguni estate as villagers of Hemmigepura let their cattle out here. The timber lobby is also active, sources said. Only four constables and two security guards safeguard the 456-acre campus. \"It's humanly impossible to safeguard the entire estate with skeletal staff. We are positioned usually near the Roerich house, entrance of the estate and at the tombs of the Roerichs. All kinds of wild animals can be seen here if we go beyond the lake.Leopards, elephants and other wild animals enter the estate through Bannerghatta national park,\" said a policeman working at the estate.QUOTE HANGER:\"A farm land has become like a forest. It is essential that the greenery be protected. Fencing must be done to protect the green hub.\"Brijesh Kumar, IFS, chief conservator of forest, BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354272", "title": "Yeddyurrappa to quit BJP on December 5, launch own outfit four days later", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Karnataka CM and Lingayat strongman B S Yeddyurrappa, a formidable Lingayat leader from the state, is all set to break away from BJP and launch his new party, Karnataka Janata Party (KJP), on December 9, in what will mark a big setback to BJP's plan for the 2014 polls.Yeddyurrappa with his strong pull among the dominant Lingayats has been widely credited for the installation of the first BJP-led government in the southern state, and his exit may leave the party reeling while potentially creating opening for opponents.The KJP will enter the fray with the avowed objective of humiliating the party and is open to the idea of tactical alliances with other players \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Congress and former PM H D Deve Gowda's JD(S) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to humiliate his arch-enemy, the BJP.Yeddyurrappa plans to quit the BJP on December 5 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the day the state assembly session begins \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but he does not intend to withdraw support to the BJP government, leaving it for the latter to punish his supporters at the cost of the survival of the Jagdish Shettar government.All 45 MLAs, 10 MLCs, nine ministers and two others (also ministers), who are considered fence-sitters, attended a dinner Yeddyurrappa recently hosted.Yeddyurrappa's supporters plan to leverage their membership of the ruling BJP for KJP's advantage. \"It is better that they remain ministers till this government is in office and do some work for the people that will help them and the new party in future when they cross over at the right time,\" said a Yeddyurrappa loyalist who is all set to join the KJP.Yeddyurrappa was offered the post of the state party president as late as last week, but has refused to go back on his plans to launch his own outfit.The former CM has been at war with BJP ever since he was removed from the post of CM following charges of corruption against him.Yeddyurrappa has applied for \"bicycle\" as a symbol for his new party, and has planned to contest all the 224 assembly seats in the state in next year's assembly election.KJP recognizes that it cannot win a majority on its own. However, it aspires to emerge as a kingmaker on the basis of its hold among Lingayats. In fact, the optimists among Yeddyurrappa's supporters hope to bag at least 80 of a total of 224 seats, and to restrict Congress's tally to under 100 seats. The resultant \"hung house-scenario\" will help the KJP play the tie-breaker on its own terms seems to be the tactic.Both JD(S) and KJP will try to tie up with B Sriramalu's BSR party, which is considered to have a good hold in about 10 seats in Karnataka.The KJP has already charted out it strongholds and the weak areas for the party in the state. KJP considers Hyderabad-Karnataka and Bombay-Karnataka regions in the state as it strongest area with a good Lingayat population and hopes to pick up about 60 seats from there. With Karnataka broadly divided into four regions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d coastal Karnataka, which is now held by BJP, will be difficult terrain for KJP, and South Karnataka that includes Bangalore, Mysore etc are also out of bounds for the Lingayat leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356416", "title": "Civic work stalled sans ward councillor", "text": "RANCHI: Civic activities at Kunwar Singh Colony and Hinoo (Ward 52) are getting affected as the ward councillor resigned after getting a job elsewhere. Councillors work as intermediaries between the residents and the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC).Manish Mehra, a resident of Ward 52 said, \"Our councillor Kaushal Kishore Mehali resigned nine months ago when he got a better job. Since then, no construction or proper cleanliness work has been done in the area.\"Another resident of the colony, Sachin Mishra, echoed similar sentiments. \"Work of road construction in the colony is still pending. One road in the colony has many potholes and creates a lot of problems for the passers-by. We complained to our councillor about it and he said he would get it repaired soon but he resigned. Now we have no idea as to how to get the road repaired,\" he said.Explaining the importance of a ward councillor, Arvind Singh Deval, councillor of Ward 3, said, \"A ward councillor has several responsibilities including maintenance of cleanliness, water supply and road construction. Funds for the development of ward is given to him/her and if a ward does not have councillor, many activities cannot be completed.\"According to RMC rules, when a ward councillor resigns, new appointment has to be made within six months but the rule is not being followed in this case. Deputy CEO Gopalji Tiwari said, \"The RMC board elections are to be held soon so new appointment is not being made. Work has begun on the election process and the elections will be held within two-three months. The appointment of the new ward councillor will be done at the same time in Ward 52.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356830", "title": "The future of war looks bleak", "text": "Headlines are dominated by the slowburning wars in Tanzania and Mozambique. An asymmetrical battle, fought in the offshore gas fields of the Indian Ocean grinds on. A changing cast of radical Islamists, coastal separatists and sophisticated pirates have intensified their fight with governments along the Swahili coast even as the hydrocarbons themselves begin to peak.The world's last great carbon energy bonanza off the coast of East Africa brought uneven benefits to what had been peaceful, if largely impoverished, nations. The vast discoveries of natural gas softened the decline in oil production in the drying wells of the Middle East during the second and third decades of the 21st century , but the proximity of poverty and extreme wealth unstitched the fragile countries that hosted them. It is now 25 years since Africa's population surpassed that of China and India: it now stands at 2.8 billion.This mix of futurology and fiction is one of the possible answers to what the world will look like in 2050. Part of the reason that future wars in now relatively peaceful countries such as Mozambique \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whose civil war is now 30 years in the past \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and Tanzania is the contention that war itself is going to become far less common.Havard Hegre, a professor in the department of Political Science at the University of Oslo , is the latest academic to devise a statistical model capable of reaching into the future and telling us what is likely to happen next.His study, in collaboration with the Peace Research Institute Oslo, claims that in five years' time India , Ethiopia, the Philippines, Uganda and Burma will be at the greatest risk of conflict, while in 40 years, it will be China, Malawi, Mozambique and Tanzania.For the purpose of the model, war is defined as being between governments and political organisations that use violence and in which at least 25 people die.\"The number of conflicts is falling,\" the professor observes. \"We expect this fall to continue. We predict a steady fall in the number of conflicts in the next 40 years. Conflicts that involve a high degree of violence, such as Syria, are becoming increasingly rare.\"In other words, the number of wars will halve. In 2009, some 15 per cent of the world's countries were suffering from armed conflicts . That proportion will fall to 7 per cent midway through this century, according to the Norwegian researchers' predictions. At its core, the study has taken a history of global conflicts over the last 40 years and added United Nations predictions for key indicators such as infant mortality rates and population structures up to 2050 to data on probable education rates.Professor Hegre says \"war has become less acceptable, just like duelling, torture and the death penalty\" . His conflict model shows the combination of higher education , lower infant mortality , smaller youth cohorts, and lower population growth are a few of the reasons why the world can expect a more peaceful future. The population is expected to grow, but at a slower pace than today , and the proportion of young people will decrease in most countries, with the exception of African ones.Unfortunately, the model has already had to be tweaked to take account of the Arab Spring and renewed Israeli-Palestinian tensions . The authors admitted that since the first findings of the model were published in 2009, conflicts in the Middle East had weakened the clear correlation between socio-economic development and the absence of civil war, while the fighting in Syria and Libya had shown that \"we also have to include democratisation processes in the model\" .The statistician's approach to understanding the past, present and future chimes with other schools of thought, such as that of the experimental psychologist and popular science writer Steven Pinker. His work The Better Angels of Our Nature, published last year, argued human beings have become less horrible with time. He found that murder rates have been dropping everywhere, and deaths in warfare have also declined as a percentage of total population. The writer argues the decline of violence is the greatest sign of human progress and that we have lost our \"thirst for cruelty\" .The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354809", "title": "CM wants Manna to 'come home'", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday said she feels saddened by the thought that renowned singer Manna Dey, who is a pride of Bengal, stays outside the state. The chief minister wants the legendary singer to come back to Bengal, saying that the government will even arrange for his accommodation and look after him if necessary.Mamata said this at the inauguration of the handicrafts fair at Milan Mela grounds on Saturday. She said there was a negative mentality towards Bengal amongst many in Delhi. \"I have seen that people there have a negative idea about Bengal. If there is any difference of opinion you can argue with me, but you cannot condemn the tradition of Bengal. I do feel for many Bengalis. For instance, I feel very much for Manna Dey who lives in Bangalore. I want him to come back to Bengal. We will arrange everything for him. Our government will arrange for his accommodation and living if necessary,\" the chief minister said.Renowned singers in the city applauded the gesture. \"Manna Dey has become very old and stays alone. I felt good that the chief minister said that she wants him to come back. I had suggested to him a long time ago that he should come back. Dey is a legendary Bengali singer and it will be very good if he comes back,\" said eminent singer Dwijen Mukherjee.Singer Sraboni Sen said that Manna Dey was one of her favourite singers. \" I believe that if he returns to Kolkata, he will be more than happy. However, he has a very strong sense of self respect and to what extent one can convince him is a matter to be seen,\" she said.Singer Saikat Mitra felt Manna Dey was the guardian of their generation and that they will be very happy if he indeed returns. \"We had earlier offered him to come back, but ultimately he could not. We really want him to return. It is doubtful whether he will come back, but we will be really very happy if he does,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354506", "title": "Indraprastha University's counselling to be over by July 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government will formulate guidelines that will govern permanent affiliations of eligible self-financed engineering colleges to the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University. This was one of the decisions made at a meeting of university vice-chancellor D K Bandopadhyay, minister of higher education A K Walia and directors of self-financed engineering institutes on Friday.The new policy decisions are geared towards improving the management of such engineering institutes.It was decided that the counselling for admission will be finalized by July 31, every year. This will allow all those admitted to start attending classes on time. Also, a fee committee will decide the fee structure well before the start of the academic session, \"so that students are not put to any inconvenience,\" says a statement from the department.A waiting list of eligible students has been proposed; it will allow vacancies available in various colleges to be filled up. A request for migration from the institutions to be decided \"expeditiously\" has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17355785", "title": "Businessman caught dealing in illegal forex", "text": "VADODARA: Providing citizens with foreign currencies in exchange of rupees has landed a city-based businessman in trouble. The special operation group (SOG) caught Lilaram Revani for illegally converting foreign exchange currencies in the city on Friday night. Revani was handed over to enforcement directorate (ED) officials for further investigations. Revani may be booked for flouting the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).SOG sleuths said that they had received a tip-off that Revani was involved in illegal act of foreign currency conversion. The accused owns a gift article shop Sainath Gifts in Karelibaug. \"We raided the gift shop and questioned Revani. We found lot of foreign currencies at his shop and all of it was confiscated,\" said SOG police inspector R R Chaudhary.The SOG summoned ED officials as the case was related to foreign exchange. \"The ED officials were summoned so that they could decide whether Revani had flouted FEMA or whatever he was doing was legal. It was found that Revani didn't have any permission to provide services of foreign currency exchange. We have not arrested him,\" Chaudhary told TOI. The accused was handed over to ED officials who will now investigate the case further.The cops found 10,300 dirhams, $ 4,300, 100 pounds, 3,700 Thailand baht and Rs 17 lakh in Indian currency from Revani's shop. \"He was booked way back in 1997 under the same offence for offering services of foreign currency exchange. The ED has authority to penalize him heavily for such offence,\" Chaudhary added.One requires special permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to deal in foreign currencies and anyone flouting the rules under FEMA can be penalized. \"Revani used to convert Indian rupees into foreign currency or vice-versa for a fee,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17356799", "title": "NITC to study use of sediments from sea for land reclamation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Technical experts from the National Institute of Technology Calicut will prepare a detailed project report on the possibilities of using sediments from the seabed for reclaiming the land for Koyilandy harbour.Assistance of NITC experts was sought as the modernization work of Koyilandy harbour, which was expected to be complete in six months, got delayed due to the hold-up in reclamation work. Though the work of the harbour got a fresh lease of life with the central government aid of Rs 20 crore, the unavailability of sand for the completion of reclamation work and the opposition from a group of fishermen regarding the mining of sand from the southern side of the breakwater are delaying the work. Fishermen oppose sand mining citing that excessive mining on the shore would cause sea erosion.The technical experts have visited the harbour to conduct a study on the possibilities of using sediments for the purpose of reclamation. Koyilandy MLA K Dasan said that the team from NITC has also agreed to visit the spot again to study the type of the sediments suitable for reclamation work and would prepare an estimate for the work.According to officials, the contractor stopped the work citing shortage of sand after the construction of two wharfs.\"The remaining work, including the construction of auction hall, canteen and other infrastructure facilities can be completed only after completing the reclamation work,\" said the MLA. \"The fund allotted for the reclamation and construction is Rs 3 crore. However, with the new development we will require over Rs 6 crore for the completion of the work,\" he added.\"Once the the work is completed the harbour will help a large number of fishermen in the coastal region, as it will provide them opportunity to auction the fish and sell the fish at a more convenient place, said the MLA. \"Besides, the boat jetty, which is under construction, will accommodate over 200 mechanized boats and hundreds of country boats,\" said Dasan.The central aid, which was sanctioned recently, will be utilized for the work of the auction hall, canteen and parking space. Modern freezer facilities and wholesale purchasing options will also be introduced in the harbour to help fishermen in the region, using the fund.\"The state and central governments have allotted a total of Rs 56 crore for the modernization of the harbour. However, an additional sum of Rs 10 crore will be required for the completion of the work,\" said officials. \"A proposal has already been submitted to the state, seeking Rs 10 crore aid for constructing a road to the harbour,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217687", "title": "Dairy foods intake cuts hip fractures risk", "text": "Increasing consumption of dairy foods may help reduce risk of osteoporotic fractures in the population aged over 5 and reduce healthcare costs, a new study has suggested .The study was based on a new analytical model that links nutrition and fracture risk, and health economics. It was based on data from the Netherlands, France and Sweden, countries which have varying levels of dairy product intake in the population.Calcium is contained in different types of foods (including in certain fish and greens), however around 60 to 70 percent of daily calcium intake in Western Countries is derived from dairy products.In addition to calcium, dairy products also provide a large variety of essential nutrients such as minerals, vitamins and proteins that, along with vitamin D, are also beneficial to bone health.Low dietary intake of calcium has been associated with decreased bone density and increased risk of osteoporosis, a disease where bone becomes less dense and prone to fracture.The researchers calculated the number of disability-adjusted life years (DALYS) lost due to hip fractures associated with low nutritional calcium intake and the number of hip fractures that could potentially be prevented each year with intake of additional dairy products.The benefits were highest in France with 2023 prevented hip fractures, followed by Sweden (455) and the Netherlands (132). This represents a substantial health cost savings of approximately 129 million, 34 million and 6 million Euros in these countries, respectively.\"Our study likely underestimates the potential cost savings of increased dietary calcium in that it relies on existing figures for the senior population and does not take into account the long-term benefits to the younger generation,\" said study co-author Professor Rene Rizzoli, Professor of Medicine and Head of the Division of Bone Disease at the University Hospitals of Geneva .\"Adequate nutritional intake and regular exercise during childhood and adolescence, both necessary for the development of peak bone mass, may contribute to bone strength and reduce the risk of osteoporosis and fractures later in life,\" he added.The finding has been published online in the scientific journal ' Osteoporosis International '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355316", "title": "Silver screen illumination share 'knowledge' at Film Bazaar", "text": "PANAJI: An array of personalities from the Indian film circuit, including Abhay Deol, Vishal Bhardwaj, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Sudhir Mishra and Ashutosh Gowariker, graced the fourth day at NFDC's film bazaar's 'knowledge series'. The film bazaar is an initiative organized alongside Iffi that seeks to address 'key concerns of the world film community in the dynamic domain of film development, production, and distribution'.A \"hungover\" Abhay Deol led to an interesting session that showcased 'who he is and why he is'. The poster boy for indie cinema shared his thoughts on varied issues, ranging from the fine line between conventional and unconventional films, film distribution dilemmas, his personal career choices and experiences as a member of the 'Von Trapp like family'.Emphasizing the importance of distribution to a film's success, he said, \"The film industry needs to be united. The government needs to support smaller budget films and try and nurture different films.\"The actor's tongue-in-cheek comments received rounds of laughter. Asked to comment on actor Sharukh Khan's recent statement that actors hate themselves and hence act, Deol said, \"I like myself I don't know about Sharukh. He should like himself, he is fair and handsome.\"Referring to his family's reactions to him choosing 'unconventional' roles, he said: \"In a way, I was the black sheep of the family. They were worried about how I would survive.\"Director Rakeysh Om Prakash Mehra's session was marked with his philosophical take on filmmaking. The director stated that \"a filmmaker actually makes one film in a lifetime, where each film is a plot point\". Currently working on a biopic on living legend Milkha Singh, titled 'Bhaag Milka Bhaag', the director shared that he announced the film without writing a word of the script or deciding the cast so that he could just commit to the project. He described the process of getting to know the Singh, and trying and understanding the era he grew up in. \"I tried my own ways to understand how people lived in the 40s. I cut off television for a year and changed my number,\" Mehra said.Vishal Bhardwaj shared his technique in making adaptations. \"The trick is to make it your own and shed the burden of names. I was unaware of the significance of Shakespeare and took liberties with my film,\" he said.\"I love violence,\" the filmmaker currently working on his film 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola' stated categorically.Director Ashutosh Gowariker described his latest project based on the Indus Valley civilization as \"focused on a civilization moving on towards collapse much like our own\".The director, known for his blockbuster film 'Lagaan', said that he needed stars to reach a maximum audience. \"I don't have the courage to make smaller budget films, but want to,\" Gowariker said of his high-budget films. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17354998", "title": "Govt called on to quell farmers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After the recent instance of farmers under the Bharatiya Kisan Union locking up the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority's (YEA) office building here as a sign of protest, the e-way authority has written to the UP government for a policy decision to sort out the grievances of these farmers.The farmers, belonging to villages under YEA's jurisdiction, have been demanding parity in compensation rates and rehabilitation deals for all the land acquired from Greater Noida to Agra by the UP government for developmental purposes. The villagers of the YEA area have been paid at the rate of Rs. 1,093 per sqm for the land acquired. However, since villagers in Noida and Greater Noida have got the compensation rates enhanced to 64.7% through court orders, farmers of the Yamuna Expressway area also want to be compensated similarly.Though these farmers have been protesting for months now, the e-way authority claims to be helpless in the absence of a court order or directions from the state government.\"These farmers have been demanding 10% developed plots instead of 7%, and 64.7% compensation for the land acquired. They also want the benefits of the new 'Relief and Rehabilitation policy', applicable only for acquisitions in or after 2010, to be extended to all villagers whose land had been acquired in or after 2001,\" said an official.\"While the e-way authority is all for the cause of farmers and is dedicated to sorting out their grievances, it cannot do so on its own,\" he said.\"The previous court orders on increase in compensation and rehabilitation deals for farmers of Noida and Greater Noida do not extend to the farmers of the Yamuna Expressway. We explained this to BKU farmer at our last meeting. They want the state government to intervene, so a written communication has already been sent to the government, and we are waiting for further directions,\" the official said.Farmers of the Yamuna Expressway area, led by the farmers' body BKU, have been staging protests for several months now. On Tuesday, about 250 BKU farmers, armed with sticks and rods, locked the main gate of the Yamuna Expressway Authority's office, barring officials from entering their offices for almost five hours.BKU has now given the authority a deadline of November 30 to get the government to intervene, failing which they have threatened to intensify their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355264", "title": "Rights group told to pay for vanished animals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An animal protection group - Geetaben Rambhia Smruti Ahimsa Trust - has been ordered to pay Rs 3.22 lakh as compensation to an animal trader for the disappearance of animals before Bakr Eid in 2010.Earlier this year, the Supreme Court had ordered an animal protection group in south Gujarat to pay Rs 25 lakh compensation to butchers for illegally intercepting their animals in transit on the pretext that the butchers were carrying beef.As for the disappearance on the eve of Bakr Eid two years ago, metropolitan court No 12 asked the trust to compensate for the loss of 137 goats and sheep suffered by the trader, Iqbal Pathan. In fact, he had lost 237 animals worth Rs 5.58 lakh, but the court ordered the payment of a lower amount because the trust and the Odhav cattle pound - which is run by Jivdaya Jan Kalyan Parivar - established that some of the animals had died.In this case, ten trucks carrying 2,473 goats and sheep were intercepted by the animal protection group with help of the Ellisbridge police. The animals belonged to 10 different traders. They were charged with the violation of animal cruelty laws, and the animals' custody was given by the court to the trust, which sent the animals to Odhav panjarapol. From Odhav, the animals were sent to various panjarapols in Gujarat.As the animals were not returned, Pathan moved the Gujarat high court, which ordered the group to return all animals to their owners. When the group failed to do so, the high court ordered an inquiry by the magisterial court. The animal traders sought the full amount of Rs 49.33 lakh from the trust, police, and the panjarapols.During the inquiry, it was revealed that out of 2,473 animals, 994 had died. The traders sought the amount back with 18% interest and Rs 10 lakh towards damages. However, the court ordered the group to pay Rs 3.22 lakh to only Pathan. The court did not entertain the claims of nine other traders saying that they had not moved court earlier.The cattle pounds were not asked compensation, as they were not made parties in the proceedings. Since nearly 1,000 animals had died, the court deducted Rs 2 lakh from the payment to Pathan saying that the loss should be borne by all ten traders equally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356955", "title": "Ang Lee knows everything about classical dance: Shravanthi", "text": "She's just 17 and has never faced a movie camera in her life, but Chennai girl Shravanthi Sainath has managed to give Kollywood and Bollywood a miss and head straight to Hollywood. Her debut in Ang Lee's Life of Pi is, as she describes it, a \"dream come true.\"And she has her dance school to thank for that. \"A couple of years ago, my dance teacher ( Sheela Unnikrishnan) got a request for a fresh face to be cast in a Hollywood flick and she sent some of my photos. After I was shortlisted, the crew had an audition and screen test and before I realized what was happening, I was in,\" she recalls.After another test at Taiwan, Shravanthi was officially part of Life of Pi . \"It was a dream to stand in front of the camera and I'm glad it happened with such a big film,\" she beams, \"I play a 16-year-old girl in the film; it's the role of a Tamil girl from Pondicherry.\"Working with Oscar-winning director Ang Lee was a big learning experience for this youngster. \"You can feel the warmth when you interact with him. Despite all his achievements, he's simple and down to earth. And, he knows everything about classical dance! It shows the passion he has for cinema and the subject he wants to shoot,\" she adds.Having no prior acting experience, she says she just followed the director's instructions on the sets. \"You should watch him when he teaches you a scene - it's fascinating,\" she reveals, \"He makes sure that I get everything, including the dialogue and the expressions right, during practise itself so that all is smooth during the actual filming.\"Shravanthi, who is currently preparing for the Class 12 board exams, is looking at the film industry in a big way in the future. Ask her about her role model and she says immediately, \"Aishwarya Rai Bachchan; I'm not a fan of her, I'm a devotee. She's so good in everything she does.\" About Tabu, who is also part of the cast, she says, \"I've grown up watching Tabu's films and it's an honour that I'm part of a movie that features her as well.\"So, will she give up dance if she gets more offers from tinseltown? \"Not at all,\" signs off Shravanthi, \"After all, isn't it because of dance that I got this prestigious offer in the first place?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354728", "title": "HUDA hikes recovery from house owners", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has enhanced recovery from house owners in five sectors on account of increase in compensation awarded to landowners ordered by different courts.The sectors include 57, 27, 28, 42 and 43 where HUDA will be sending individual notices to the house owners demanding enhancement compensation as decided by the court. The Estate Officer II, Manoj Atri, has issued notices to the house owners in the five sectors.\"The house owners are being informed about the enhanced compensation and they will also be given the exact payments plan,\" said Atri. For instance, he said, the Sector 57 house owners will have to pay Rs 6,712.91 per sq mtr for general plot and Rs 955.71 per sq mtr for EWS category. As per the court orders, HUDA has to pay Rs 5,75,61,41,460 to the landowners whose land was acquired for development of Sector 57.The enhancement of compensation was ordered by the additional district judge Gurgaon after landowners moved a petition demanding hike in compensation given to them by HUDA.The notices of enhancements have also been sent to Sector 27 where the house owners will have to pay Rs 7,513 per sq mtr for the general category while Rs 834.84 per sq mtr for EWS. HUDA's fresh notices demanding enhancement will hurt the property buyers in the sectors which have yet to finalize the deal or to complete the construction of the plots. On an average, the plot owners will have to pay between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 15 lakh to HUDA depending on the plot size.The decision to enhance compensation will hurt those property buyers most whose deals are mid way or who have not yet secured completion certificate from HUDA. As per HUDA rules the house owner will have clear the enhancement first to get the completion certificate. This would mean an additional payment to HUDA, over and above what he has paid to sellers and stamp duty for registration.Echoing a similar opinion, a property buyer said: \"The development of enhancement has upset all my planning to start construction of the house. I have paid all the money to the sellers for a plot of 200 yards in Sector 43 now I am told I will have pay about Rs 10 lakh first.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17356787", "title": "Corporation to install high-mast lamps at 2 major junctions", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The civic body has decided to install high-mast lamps at two major junctions in the city and also provide more streetlights on the 17km stretch of the Ramanattukkara-Vengalam bypass.High-mast lamps will be installed at Vengeri and Pooladikunnu junctions as part of the traffic improvement measures of the city traffic police. The decision regarding installation of streetlights has come following the state government directive to city corporations for the installation, repair and maintenance of streetlights. Though the civic body had approached the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to take up the work, the agency refused to owing to lack of fund. It would cost around Rs 2 crore to install streetlights along the stretch. The civic body is in the process of identifying funding agency to take up the work.A sum of Rs 18 lakh is required to install high mast lamps at Vengeri and Pooladikunnu junctions. The corporation is planning to include the work either under the annual plan for the 2012-2013 financial year or to utilize own fund in case it fails to find sponsorships. The civic body would approach the Union government, state and other funding agencies for the project.Meanwhile, public works standing committee chairman M Mohanan said it would take years to install the streetlights if the civic body decided to go for own funding as it had only limited funds to take up projects under the annual plan. \"We are planning to approach road safety funding agency or advertising agencies to install streetlights. The civic body will soon hold a meeting with the officials of NHAI, road safety authority and willing advertisement agencies,\" he said. \"We are also planning to install high-mast lamp in more junction in the corporation limit if we manage to get funding agencies,\" he added.The civic body has already erected a high-mast lamp at Malapparamba junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355333", "title": "Gang of LPG cylinder thieves busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang that used to steal LPG cylinders was busted on Saturday. After the hike in LPG prices, the gang began targeting roadside tea and snack stalls and small industrial units. Four members of the gang were arrested from Vatva and 24 stolen cylinders were recovered from them.Surprisingly none of the thefts committed by the gang was reported to any police station in the city. The Vatva police have now registered seven separate complaints in this connection. Additional commissioner of police SG Bhati had received a tip-off that the gang operated in autorickshaws and targeted roadside shops in the dead of the night.\"Based on this information we put several parts of the city under surveillance,\" said Bhati. \"Our efforts bore fruit when we flagged down an autorickshaw which was carrying a large number of LPG cylinders. The thieves had also stolen a consignment of carpets in one of their operations.\" Shabbir Rangrej, 40; Mohammad Salim Sheikh, 33; and Imtiaz Hussain Shaikh, 36 - all residents of Vatva, were nabbed from the autorickshaw. During the interrogation, the three could not explain the source of the cylinders but later, confessed to the thefts. \"They sold the cylinders to a contact in Vatva, Iqbal Shaikh. Each cylinder was sold at Rs 1,500. Shaikh has been arrested.\" said a Vatva police official.Based on revelations made by Shaikh, cops raided several places and recovered 24 stolen cylinders.\"Two other contacts of the gang are absconding,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358755", "title": "Srijit's Kakababu unveiled", "text": "Iconic hero to menacing villain, filmmaker Srijit Mukherjee lifts the veil on the Mishor Rahasya cast.\"I'll be lucky, if I come out alive from this shoot,\" says director Srijit Mukherji with a smile on his lips. The humour hides a range of emotions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d excitement, uncertainty, even trepidation. For Srijit's next, Mishor Rahasya , will force him to play out of his skin. An iconic character, (Kakababu), a kickass adventure, foreign locations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it has all the qualities that make a blockbuster.But will it be one? \"I sure hope it will. Egypt has just come out of a revolution, very few Indian films have been shot there, the heritage sites have many shooting restrictions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all these factors will come into play. What if a sandstorm comes up in the desert?\" he says.Shrikant Mohta, of Shree Venkatesh Films, which is producing the film says, \"Doing a song-and-dance sequence in Switzerland is different from shooting for 16 days in Egypt. Logistically, the shoot will be our biggest challenge so far.\" But like their hero, Team Kakababu is not one to get daunted. With a budget of Rs 3.5 crore, Mishor Rahasya will be mounted on a scale not seen before in Bengali films, assures Srijit as he unveiled the star cast exclusively for CT.Prosenjit Chatterjee as Kakababu He's an internationally spirited, cosmopolitan Bengali adventurer. His handicap \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he walks on crutches \u00e2\u20ac\u201d adds that much of grit and edginess to the man. For my part, I've added a slightly sardonic sense of humor. The story is set in 2011 and whether it's his hair, clothes or glasses, Kakababu looks very contemporary and international. He's a rough and tough globetrotter and there's nothing soft or amiable about him. At the same time, I haven't deviated too much from Sunil Ganguly's conception of the character. The handicap adds a tinge of frustration to the character, but he hides it with his wit.Devdan as Shontu I'll show Shontu as two-three years older than he is in the stories. He's a student of class XII and he captures the spirit of today's youth. He's cool and fashionable, but since he's gone on many adventures with Kakababu, he's also an all-rounder. He loves karate and is a brilliant swimmer. He not anglicized ans is smart in a Bangali way. I roped in Devdan as I liked his chemistry with Bumbada (Prosenjit) in Cholo Paltai. He respects Kakababu, but they're more like friends, Kakababu can tease him and Shontu can blush. Biswajit Chakraboty by Tulika Basu play Shontu's parents; they are typical Bengali parents who worry about their son.Indraneil Sengupta as Honey Alkadi Sunilda describes this character as someone with the features of a Greek god and Indraneil fits the bill perfectly. His character is menacing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d someone who can match up to Kakababu's towering figure. Alkadi is an anti-national, who deals in terror, and is on the run. So the character has an unkempt, rough look, possibly with scar marks, to show his dark side.Rajit Kapoor as Al Mamun From the time of Byomkesh, I've been a huge fan of Rajit Kapoor. Here, he'll play Al Mamun, a businessman, who's also a sophisticated criminal. Rajit speaks Urdu throughout, so his body language, diction will all stress on his sophistication. There's a sense of Egyptian exotica attached to him. For Al Mamum, I wanted an unfamiliar face, yet not someone so unknown that it alienates the Bengali audience. Rajit fits the bill perfectly. He's not from Tollywood, but since he's played Byokmkesh, people remember him well.Neel Mukherjee as Siddhartha Siddhartha is an IFS and his travelling job has seen him posted in various countries. He's a suited-booted Bangali diplomat. I wanted to work with Neel for a long times as he's a spontaneous actor. He's a suited-booted Bangali diplomat. I like is comic timing, which will be crucial for Siddhartha's role. With Swastika, he makes a great on-screen pair. I liked them in Abar Bomkesh and Mainal told me that their chemistry was sizzling in Ami Ar Amar Girlfriend. That's something I'm banking on.Swastika Mukherjee as Snigdha Her role is a cameo. As Siddhartha's wife, she travels with her husband but retains her Bangaliana whichever part of the world she's in. Her comic timing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which she showed off so well in Bhooter Bhobisyot \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be important. I know her from my theatre days in Bangalore and she always wanted to do a guest appearance in my film. I wanted to rope her in for Autograph, but it didn't work out. Things clicked for Mishor Rahasya.Tridha as Rini, Swastika's sister I spotted Tridha as a judge for Calcutta Times Fresh Face in 2011. She has a 2012 brand of innocence, which would suit Rini's character. Rini studies in an international school and her exposure makes her more fashionable in a global way than Shontu. The way she speaks too has an anglicized smartness.Rajesh Sharma as Narendra Verma Even while I was reading the book, I knew that no one else could play Narendra Verma \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the CBI officer who is Kakababu's friend like Rajeshda. His chemistry of friendship with Bumbada was brilliant in Baishe Srabon and I wanted to bring it back on screen again. Narendra is Kakababu's well-wisher and is the only one who can even scold Kakababu. He's a typical Delhi officer, smartly dressed in safari suits.Footnote: Indraadip Dasgupta is doing the music for the film and Srijit says that he'll use lots of local \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which means West Asian \u00e2\u20ac\u201d influences in the score. There are also plans to rope in Sohag Sen for a workshop with Devdan, Tridha (she'll be introduced in this film) and Indraneil. Shooting begins in early January and should get over by February end. Starting in Kolkata, the crew will move to Delhi and then to Egypt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17356076", "title": "Norms for rural roads to be eased", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre may slash by half the population criteria for constructing rural roads, a move that could give a major push to connectivity in large pockets that include backward plains and inaccessible hilly terrain.The rural development (RD) ministry has been asked to redraft the population criteria within a month after senior ministers protested at the Cabinet meeting on Thursday.Kamal Nath, Kishore Chandra Deo and Paban Singh Ghatobar told Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that the eligibility norms for the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) were too high.The ministers pointed out that sparsely-populated hills and tribal areas and pockets in the north-east failed to qualify the norm of habitations above 250 people, while the norm of 500 persons has kept large parts of the plains out of the road network.The eligibility criteria may come down from 250 to 100 for tribal and hilly habitations, and from 500 to 250 in other areas.RD minister Jairam Ramesh said his ministry has been directed to return to the Cabinet with new norms in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355162", "title": "Cloudy skies chase away November chill", "text": "PANAJI: A low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal played spoilsport again after it sent the mercury, which had plunged to -4 degrees below normal just five days ago, to higher by +6.2 degrees on Saturday.On November 18 and 19, the meteorological centre at Altinho recorded minimum temperatures of 17.8 degrees Celsius, one of the coldest November spells in recent years. A minimum of 22 degrees Celsius is considered normal for the month.Even the humidity levels had plunged -11% below normal to 65% in the morning and -09% to 55% in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358847", "title": "Sonakshi tries Kathakali during 'Dabangg 2' shoot", "text": "After matching tough dance steps with ace choreographer Prabhudheva in \"Oh My God!\", actress Sonakshi Sinha recently challenged herself with some Kathakali steps on the set of \"Dabangg 2\".The 25-year-old tried some steps of the classical dance form while shooting for the song Dagabaaz re from the movie.\"There is a sequence in the song where there are Kathakali dancers and when Sonakshi came to know about this, she got really excited! She is an actor who loves learning new things and, in fact, has even learnt some Kathakali and requested the dancers to teach her a few more steps,\" said a source.Arbaaz Khan is making his directorial debut with Dabangg 2 , which stars his big brother Salman in the lead role. Sonakshi plays his wife.The film, also starring Prakash Raj, is slated to release Dec 21.Listen to Dabangg 2 songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356264", "title": "Youth brigade to improve police-people ratio", "text": "CHENNAI: The city, which has one policeman for every 472 people, could soon have one policeman for every 212 people. Members of the tobe-formed Tamil Nadu Special Police Youth Brigade (TSP-YB ) and the more than 12,000 new recruits will see to this. The police-people ratio across the state is also expected to come down from 1:635 to 1:446.The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board, which inducted 12,208 police personnel recently , is preparing to recruit nearly 50,000 personnel for the TSP-YB . They are, however, not expected to be enrolled as field staff until the first quarter of 2014.\"The new wing is set to give a boost to beat policing in the state,\" said a police officer . A head count of personnel assigned to different jobs within the force has been launched to ensure judicious deployment of people . Senior officers feel many policemen are being wasted as drivers and messengers .According to statistics, at least 2,500 police personnel in Chennai are now virtually unutilized. The figure throughout the state is more than 14,000. \"At least one member of every police district work as a messenger, shuttling from the station concerned to the office of senior officers almost daily,\" a police officer said.Many senior officers have two drivers. \"Many retired police officers and retired bureaucrats have serving police personnel as orderlies in their houses. Once the TSP-YB is formed, its members can be deployed as orderlies,\" the officer said.As the TSP-YB personnel will do miscellaneous jobs in the police department, they can be inducted immediately after giving training for one month, the officer said. Then they can be directly sent for night patrolling and beat patrolling in the city and the state.Tamil Nadu, with a population of six crore, needs 1.13 lakh police personnel but has only 94,560, while Chennai, with a population of more than 85 lakh spread over an area of 750 sq km after several suburban areas were included in the city limits , has only 18,000 police personnel against the requirement of 22,000. In comparison, Delhi has 83,000 police personnel, or a policepeople ratio of 1:200, Mumbai has 45,000 police personnel (1:267) and Kolkata 23,000 police personnel (1: 222).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356724", "title": "'Deluge of talent at 'Pravah'", "text": "MYSORE: India International Rural Cultural Centre and Vasundhara Performing Arts (Mysore) organized Pravah, a two-day festival of dance and music, to provide a public forum and to give exposure to performing artistes.\"The word 'Pravah' denotes waves of various dance forms gushing from stage,\" says classical dancer Vasundhara Doraswamy. The programme is an annual affair. IRCEN has been promoting classical dances.\"During Dasara celebrations, the government hesitates to invite classical artistes as it calls for shelling out huge money...\" she claimed, adding that their event further aims to tap the talent of rural youth who otherwise are deprived of opportunities to exhibit their talent. \"Different beliefs, traditions and customs and religions are practised in this country,\" she said, adding that Pravah was earlier held in Kerala, Goa, Rajasthan and Gujarat.Odissi dancers enthralled the audience in Jagan Mohan Palace on Friday. The performance by Ileana Citaristi, an Italian by birth, was the highlight of the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355786", "title": "Three workers die as lorry overturns", "text": "Three daily-wage workers were crushed to death when a brick-laden lorry overturned near Payakapuram in Vijayawada in the early hours of on Saturday. Another severely injured worker was rushed to the government general hospital. The lorry arrived from Miryalaguda and picked up four workers for unloading the stock at Gunadala. The lorry accidentally rammed on a side drain near Payakapuram burial ground and overturned due to the heavy load. The entire load fell on the workers, who were sitting on top of the bricks. The locals rushed to the spot and alerted the police.The police pressed heavy cranes into services and lifted the lorry and found three bodies underneath.. An injured woman, K Dhanamma, who was shouting for help from behind the rocks nearby was immediately rushed to the hospital. The lorry driver fled the scene soon after the vehicle overturned.The deceased were identified as Umamalleswari, 38, Ramana, 38, and Narendra, 32. Police have registered a case and launched a search for the driver who feld from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356578", "title": "Water shortage looms large over Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The depleting water level in Periyar coupled with the Kerala Water Authority's (KWA) failure in replacing old motor pumps have resulted in frequent disruption of water supply to the city. Months ahead of the summer, severe water shortage has gripped many parts of the city.Areas like Ayyappankavu, Chittoor, Elamakkara, Kaloor, Cheranelloor, Kalamassery, Thrikkakara municipalities and West Kochi were suffering from water shortage even during the recent monsoon.Councillor M P Mahesh Kumar said Edapally residents have been facing the issue of water shortage for a few months. The KWA officials cited the delay in the maintenance work at Aluva pump house as the reason for this. \"One of the two pumps at Aluva stopped functioning all of a sudden. So, we had to put some restriction in supplying water. However, we have repaired the pump set on Thursday. Supply will be normal in three to four days,'' claimed KWA chief engineer Varghese Samuel.Meanwhile, the district administration is planning to convene a meeting of the people's representatives and KWA officials to discuss the issue. \"We have received many complaints from various parts of the city regarding water shortage,'' said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth. The meeting would discuss the possibilities of providing drinking water to the most affected parts of the city using tanker lorries.Though the project to replace the existing pump sets at KWA pump house at Aluva with new ones had already been approved under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project, the work has shown no progress. The replacement of pump sets can be done only after stopping the water supply which will cause inconvenience to consumers. The KWA officials have claimed this to be the reason for not expediting the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356084", "title": "Fighting heroines like fearless Nadia &amp; Vijayashanthi are few", "text": "CHENNAI: For the past two months, Australian composer Ben Walsh has been travelling with 13 Indian and western musicians doing a live music and film show on 1930s Hindi film action star Fearless Nadia, which will play here today.The whip-cracking , gun-toting , Australia-born Nadia is considered the original stunt queen and one of the early actresses who spoke up for feminism and against social injustice. Since Nadia, very few Indian actresses have chosen to be action stars in the true sense - fighting their own battles, jumping right into the fray and giving as good as they get without waiting for a man to ride to the rescue. In the 1980s and 90s, Tamil and Telugu cinema had Vijayashanthi who made the shift from glamour queen to tough cop before joining politics. Actors such as Rekha and Madhuri Dixit in Bollywood and Sneha in Kollywood have attempted a few such roles with limited success.Glamour tends to win over the hurlyburly of fistfights, with women being just eye candy. \"In Australia, what engages people about Fearless Nadia is the fact that she is a strong, fierce female star. Very few women, even in western films today, jump from one moving vehicle to another, fight on a train, be equal to the male action star. She did it in the 1930s,\" says Walsh. \"Australians don't know much about Indian cinema but Nadia is radical even now. When we played in Mumbai, the audience was booing and cheering because they got the context. But even for them, seeing a woman perform such stunts is unusual.\"When women-centric roles are written in popular cinema, the characters are usually avenging angels or long-suffering drama queens. \"They're submissive women who are wronged and become almost like bandits to avenge that wrong,\" says Uma Vangal, filmmaker and teacher at LV Prasad Film Academy. Though actors like Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif have tried to play tough roles, she says their characters are not really empowering . \"They revel in their femininity and don't assert themselves,\" she says.Some of the strongest heroines were seen in the early days. \"Those films coincided with the freedom movement when women were coming out into society. Women had to be bold to enter the industry so they would not have been content with weak roles,\" says Vangal. \"Directors too gave them space on screen.\"There is no space for women action stars today because heroes would feel threatened. \"You won't find a hero who will act with her and the audience will tire of seeing a woman in a hero's role. Vijayashanthi created an image as someone who would not take things lying down. People accepted it when she slapped Rajinikanth, a larger-thanlife star, in 'Mannan' . Very few women today can portray that kind of strength,\" says actor and film historian Mohan V Raman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355404", "title": "Wagh roars at Sardesai for expenditure comment", "text": "PANAJI: Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh was only waiting for the right time to strike back. The MLA could not resist taking potshots at Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardesai who had criticized Wagh for 'wasteful expenditure' on peripheral activities to be held as part of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) as the state was reeling under the mining crisis.\"Vijay Sardesai is giving statements in the media saying that I am making wasteful expenditure for Iffi. I want to know why he gave huge sums to fund Narkasur-making competitions during Diwali? Why did he celebrate Diwali in a big way? He should have given those lakhs of rupees to mining-affected people. It would be useful for the people,\" Wagh said. He said that Sardesai should correct himself before pointing fingers at others.Wagh said that though the number of villages where the activities are being held has gone up from eight to 20, the budget has been managed in such a meticulous way to make it fit without spending any more money than what was allotted for the purpose. \"For those who are asking why Iffi should be in Goa, I say it is for Goan artistes. Right from the sky lamps to the cloth tulips used to decorate the Iffi venue, Goan artistes have been employed in preparing for the festival. To create a film culture in Goa, we need to have these cultural performances across the state. These cultural performances are the basis of films. Films are only the final product of all these arts,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17355949", "title": "Pay more for bus travel from tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Travelling in express and ordinary service buses, as well as city buses (urban and rural) will be a costly affair for commuters from Monday. The Dakshina Kannada district regional transport authority has acceded to a request by Dakshina Kannada Bus Operators' Association and Canara Bus Operators Association and hiked fares. The minimum fare is Rs 6 for the first 2kms for city services and the first 6.5kms for express/service buses.In the first stage, irrespective of the type of service, commuters will pay a rupee more than the earlier minimum fare of Rs 5. The fares have been increased at varying levels across stages with the least hike being Re 1 for the first two stages up to 13kms (0.1-6.5-km and 6.6-12-kms) and Rs 11 for the 25th stage (156.1-162.5kms) in express/ service buses. Fares have all been rounded off to the nearest rupee to avoid having to deal with the problem of small change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360468", "title": "Abijeet\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Charminar connect", "text": "He is a qualified aeronautical engineer, and if it were not for Sekhar Kammula's Life is Beautiful, Abijeet Duddala's life would have taken off on a different tangent all together. Talking about his entry into films, Abijeet says, \"I had finished college and wanted to take a year off. That was when I heard about Sekhar's talent hunt and sent my application. I did not talk about it to anyone. In fact, my parents got to know that I was acting in the movie only after I got the contract and my friends and well-wishers got to know after the movie was launched.\"Breaking eggs! The pucca Hyderabadi that he is, Abijeet reveals that his family does have a Charminar connect. Giving insights as to what went into the making of Hyderabad's famous landmark, he says, \"The Charminar got its pale yellow colour because the plaster was made of a mixture of bhindi, egg yolk, ghee, gawar ka patta (a sticky, juicy plant) and seepi (sea shells) that was left to ferment in deep water pits, before being crushed and mixed again along with the lime mortar,\" shares Abijeet. Ask him how he knows it and he says, \"My forefathers moved to Hyderabad in the late 1500's as construction labourers who worked on the monument. Their job was to break the eggs and mix the yolk in the construction mixture.\"A fitness freak Well, Abijeet is an actor today, but he still does what his forefathers did \u00e2\u20ac\u201d breaks eggs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d albeit for completely different reasons. \"I have about 12 egg whites in a day as a part of my zero fat diet. But would have nothing to do with the yolk though,\" he says joking. And the actor seems to be in a real hurry to take his shirt off. \"Oh, I always had this ripped look even before getting into films. I had to lose 10 kilos to get into the look of the typical boy next door for Sekhar's film,\" he says. Admitting that he is a fitness enthusiast, he says, \"I work out religiously for six days a week and I love it. As far as taking my shirt off goes, well, that might happen soon.\"Films in the pipeline Abijeet, who is one-film old, says he has got some interesting films lined up. \"I have got three films lined up. All I can say is that one is going to be a total commercial entertainer, the other a romantic comedy and another mainstream potboiler. They are all with debutant directors,\" he explains. The actor, who is keen on not getting typecast as the-boy-next-door, says, \"Well I have a very massy side to me as well and would like to explore that on screen. In fact, I refused a lot of flicks that offered me typical good boy roles.\"Social side Apart from films, Abijeet works for a city- based NGO that works to spread awareness about traffic regulations and pedestrian safety. \"It's something I am very passionate about. We work in tandem with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation in identifying high traffic density areas and coming up with innovative solutions. We were instrumental in getting a pedestrian island constructed at Jubilee Hills check post recently. In fact, last year on New Year's eve I was at Jubilee Hills check post regulating traffic!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399990", "title": "Cops to tap NGOs, traders to install CCTV cameras", "text": "AURANGABAD: After waiting for a year to get the specification clearance from the state government for the CCTV cameras that are to be installed at strategic locations in the city, city police will reach out to traders and businessmen to sponsor the 50 cameras.The district planning development council (DPDC) on December 27, 2011 had approved the Aurangabad police commissioner's proposal to install CCTV cameras on strategic points in different parts of the city to check crime and keep an eye on the traffic flow. The meeting presided over by the guardian minister Balasaheb Thorat had approved Rs 143.82 crore plan for the district for year 2012-13.The DPDC meeting had also approved police commissioner Sanjay Kumar's proposal to make a provision for the project to install CCTV cameras in different parts of the city. Kumar had submitted a proposal seeking Rs 1.5 crore for installing the CCTV cameras, while the DPDC had approved Rs 50 lakh for the project for the initial phase. The proposal included the annual maintenance cost for three years.Talking to TOI, Commissioner of Police Sanjay Kumar said, \"We had proposed to install 50 CCTV cameras on strategic points across the city and they would be connected with the police control room and are primarily meant for keeping a watch on the traffic flow, check vehicle theft and the night crimes.\"\"We are yet to receive the technical classifications and specifications from the government's side for the CCTv cameras that are to be installed with the funds provided by the DPDC and so we are trying to rope in the local traders for sponsoring the CCTV cameras as an act of social responsibility,\" added Kumar.Of late the city has been witnessing a surge in night crimes including robberies, burglaries and thefts, keeping the police department on toes. Following the sudden increase in the number of theft, robbery and especially chain snatching cases, the commissioner has made the night patrolling compulsory even for the officers of the ranks of deputy commissioner and assistant commissioner, said police official.It is almost impossible for the police team to be present at all the spots before a crime takes place, so CCTv are being relied on for providing vital clues in case of thefts robberies and chain snatchings, added the official.Highly place police sources informed that in the first phase of the installation of CCTv cameras with the help of the local traders, businessmen and NGOs, all the upmarket commercial areas especially the ones at the Paithan Gate and Nirala Bazar will be covered by the CCTV cameras having the ability to capture crystal clear images even during night.Police have also decided to approach big shops, which normally use CCTV cameras, to request them to place at least one or two cameras facing the road as a community service. The shop keepers would not be required to provide the data on a day to day basis; they would be approached only whenever required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17355093", "title": "Exercise workshop at Miramar", "text": "GOA: An exercise workshop by a certified fitness trainer will be held at the Miramar beach on November 26, from 6am to 8am and from 5pm to 7pm. The workshop will feature resistance, endurance and cardio exercises. The camp includes personal assessment of each individual prior to the workout. The workshop is free and open to people of all ages. For details contact Aggy on 8390055195.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17355029", "title": "Howrah mayor in water muddle", "text": "HOWRAH: Mayor Mamata Jaiswal on Saturday bristled at TOI's report on how unsafe water was being supplied to Howrah homes and insisted that all was well with the Padmapukur Water Works.Waving a copy of the TOI report, Jaiswal repeatedly said that water supplied from PWW was 'perfectly safe'. She even called the TOI report \"motivated and untrue\" and threatened to file a defamation suit.It was obvious that the mayor was in a muddle from the way she reacted to queries from mediapersons. When reporters demanded documentary evidence that the corporation-supplied water was safe, Jaiswal shouted back that she would \"disclose no such document before the Press\".In the next breath the mayor insisted that she had asked for \"necessary help\" (for supplying treated drinking water) from PWW, but in vain. Howrah Municipal Corporation runs the water treatment plant.In Friday's edition, TOI had reported on an internal audit of the corporation that revealed glaring lapses at the plant, including operating for weeks without bleaching powder. The 'unsafe' water was supplied to 10 lakh residents in Wards 1 to 40, 42 and 44 and parts of 41.On Saturday, the Howrah mayor convened a press conference where she came armed with copies of her own statement that was distributed among mediapersons. But her printed statement was a bundle of contradictions.It insisted that the audit report has not said anything related to the water being unsafe. But a few paragraphs down, the mayor's statement admits that the presumptive coliform count and the faecal coliform count (quoted in the TOI report) are higher than the optimum danger level. The mayor said that these findings were submitted on February 26, 2009, and \"instant action was taken to rectify things\".TOI had quoted the audit report that bleaching powder was not available from February 13 to May 23 and that although it was procured on May 24 it was not used till June 26.According to the mayor, however, \"bleaching powder is not necessary for water treatment and it is only used to remove fungal contamination and do away with certain microorganisms which come in the way of filtering\".She countered the audit report's observation on chlorine saying, \"The quantity of chlorine to be added to the water is determined by the presence of residual chlorine.\" While TOI had spoken of doctors' anxiety on the rise in typhoid cases, Jaiswal said she had no reports of any epidemic. The TOI report had not used the word 'epidemic'.Jaiswal said that the spectrophotometer - that was shown as defunct in the audit report - was \"only used to check heavy minerals in water\". \"Steps have already been initiated to repair it,\" she said.Environmentalist Subhas Datta sounded exasperated at the mayor's reactions. \"Her claim is far from the truth. I am a Howrah resident and my experience is that the water is extremely unsafe. Why can't HMC come out with a white paper on the water scam?\" he asked.Datta said he will file an appeal before Calcutta high court, citing the TOI report, to direct HMC to conduct ward-wise tests of the drinking water supplied by PWW. In one of his earlier PILs, the high court had ordered HMC to display in public domain the test results of water samples but the authorities seem to have done little to follow the court directive.Opposition leader in HMC Arun Roy Chowdhury said, \"How could the mayor conduct a press conference without investigations from a national test house? The mayor should have waited for the explanation by the plant superintendent before meeting the press.\"The Trinamool Congress has always demanded that the water be tested and weekly reports furnished, he said. \"But our pleas have always fallen on deaf ears.\"The audit report, submitted on November 1, had rattled the HMC administration so much that commissioner Nilanjan Chattopadhyay instantly sought a \"para-wise explanation\" from the plant superintendent. The explanation is due on November 27.MMiC-water Samir Saha refused to say whether the audit report had made any observations related to the water being contaminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354623", "title": "220 apply for first meta course", "text": "NEW DELHI: Applications to Masters in Mathematics Education jointly offered by Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia closed on November 20. About 220 applied for the course. DU officials found the response encouraging given that the course opens mid-session.\"The course starts January 3 as we didn't want to wait until July,\" MM Chaturvedi, director, Cluster Innovation Centre, which is handling the collaboration with Jamia, said. \"The next batch will begin classes in July.\" Most applicants are either from other universities where results are declared very late or former students of Delhi University. \"We aim to produce better teachers,\" Chaturvedi said.The students of DU who graduated this year have already taken admission elsewhere. Candidates, who are already working, also applied. \"One of the applicants is employed. He teaches electronics in a school and wanted to improve his skills,\" Chaturvedi said.However, graduation is a criterion of application. \"We had many queries from third year students but they are not eligible for the course,\" Pankaj Tyagi, coordinator for the course at CIC, said.About 60 students will be short-listed through the entrance test scheduled on December 2 and interviewed for selection of the final 20. \"We will test them on mathematical and mental ability, reasoning, general awareness and even communication skills,\" Tyagi said.A panel of seven teachers from DU - four from within CIC, two from CIE (Central Institute of Education) and one from a college on deputation - and another four teachers from Jamia will conduct the course. It is the Mass Communication Research Centre of Jamia that is involved in the teaching of the course. \"We never considered the fact that an educator must be a good communicator before,\" Chaturvedi said.CIC is also in talks with government schools for training these teachers and with National Council for Teacher Education to \"bring them into the framework\". Other meta-university courses in the works are on public health and climate change and are likely to be announced by April/May 2013. The CIC itself is likely to expand soon as a large number of permanent teaching posts have been sanctioned for it - they currently have staff on deputation.The Design Innovation Centre is set to start within a few months. Till the funds arrive from MHRD, the university will be footing the bills and has granted the \"seed money\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "s kota (vizianagaram)", "code": "17399494", "title": "Oustees of stalled Jindal project down, but not out", "text": "S KOTA (Vizianagaram): It's been five years since Rama Naidu, a farmer, was evicted along with scores of others from his village Kiltampalem to make way for an alumina refinery and smelter project being set up by Jindal group. Today, Naidu and the close to 345 other farmers belonging to nearly half a dozen villages in S Kota mandal that were displaced by the Jindal South West Aluminium (JSW) project are a dejected lot. The displaced farmers feel cheated because not only have the promised jobs in the proposed project failed to materialize, the land they lost to the project has snatched away their only source of livelihood - farming.\"The management showed us a rosy picture at the time of the land acquisition saying it was the best compensation package in the country that would offer a job in the refinery and shares in the company. They attracted us with promises of jobs to our kith and kin but now we realize they have cheated us,\" says Naidu sobbing in anger as he narrates his heart-rending tale. The misfortunes of the farmers of Mushidipalli, Kiltampalem, Moola Boddavara, Cheedipalem and Chinakandepalli started when JSW acquired around 1163 acres in S Kota mandal five years ago. The company had chalked out plans to invest Rs 9,000 crore in setting up a 1.4 million tonne alumina refinery and 0.25 million tonne aluminium smelter at Boddavara in the mandal. The government had conducted a public hearing for the project on June 4 of 2007 and though the locals were initially opposed to the project, a Congress leader took up the initiative to convince farmers to part with their land to make way for the project.JSW is understood to have assured the locals that production at the refinery would kick off in 2010 and they would get company shares by November 2011, for which they were given a letter of assurance on the letter head of JSW Trust, allege farmers. As part of the project, the company had also proposed to set up a dedicated township with 700 units, including a school, hospital and a playfield. But today, the project is hanging fire because the Central government has not granted permission for bauxite mining in Visakha Agency. As per the agreement with the Andhra Pradesh government, the company was to get 160 million tonnes of bauxite ore per annum for the refinery from state run miner Andhra Pradesh Mineral Development Corporation (APMDC) from the Araku and Sapparla deposits. Of the total 346 farmers displaced by the project, 136 accepted the compensation package of Rs 3 lakh instead of jobs and another 138 people belonging to families of the displaced farmers were taken to Orissa for a six month training to equip them with skills to handle jobs at the plant.\"With dreams that our children would get jobs in the plant we stopped their studies and sent them for training. But today we have ended up nowhere. Our children could not complete our studies and we have lost our livelihood,\" wails A Lakshmana Rao of Boddavara. Disgusted with the failure of JSW's management to keep their promises, the displaced farmers are now on the warpath. Ironically, Indukuri Raghu Raju, the same man who played a key role in convincing the farmers to part with their land and is now an independent candidate from S Kota Assembly, is spearheading the agitation against JSW. Scores of farmers led by him, made an attempt to plough their lands at Kiltampalem and Boddavara a month ago in project in a bid to appeal to the district administration and JSW. The displaced farmers say they are determined to plough their lands and cultivate crops there till the management and government fulfill their promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358823", "title": "Rowdy 'Rascals' leaving up to their name?", "text": "Production house Rowdy Rascals are jointly ventured with Contiloe, Endemol for producing episodes for Life OK's Savdhaan India, India Fights Back. This fact is known by all but a recent incident aroused a query in minds that are they living up to their name Rascals?Sources informs that Rowdy Rascals keep postponing the dates without informing the actor after the actor has blocked his dates and they give out information only after innumerable phone calls. There is no proper management and co ordination between the crew and the actors.Therefore we contacted Nivin Ramani, who recently was in news for being part of one of the episodes of Savdhaan India, produced by the same production house and he speaks it out, \"Yes, they are unprofessional in many ways.\"His statement came as a shocker to us.Furthermore, when asked him about the details he told us, \"I was asked to block the dates from 16th to 22nd of November for a story of Savdhaan India, which was to be shot at Delhi therefore, I was suppose to leave on 15th but ultimately left on the 17th and that too the travel details were given at the last moment when I had already reached the station.\"He went on informing, \"There I met a shady agent, who doesn't have any ticket but only a PNR number, never the less I thought it's an outdoor shoot so such hiccups are excusable but when I reach Delhi I was given accommodation at a shady hotel which was not even 2 star where as the crew including the spot boy were staying in 3* hotel.\"\"The EP of the production house named Mayank Jain misbehaves and always talked disrespect fully, there is no proper place for the actors to sit, food doesn't arrive on time and even water has to be bought by the actors as the production team and the spot department is too shrewd to treat actors well,\" he adds.Nivin is so annoyed with the treatment that he kept on stating, \"The EP Mayank stooped down as low as telling me \"Tu ab marega ki cheque lekar marega\",when i asked about overtime payment details as I was promised by the Creative head Mr Prince that I will be given a train ticket of 23rd November as my work finishes on 21st. But all thanks to the bad management skills that the people concerned have failed to hand over any ticket to me.\"\"Yesterday, was 24th and the EP does not take call and don't have the courtesy to reply to text messages. In spite of telling them that I had another work commitment and also a project submission as I am pursuing my MBA. I have lost my cool, my work and also my educational commitment because of such unprofessional people. They have caused me mental torture and huge losses. I shall never work with them again and would advice all fellow actors to avoid them to keep their self respect intact, \"signs off annoyed Nivin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354854", "title": "Husband and kin booked for dowry harassment", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a man and three women by the Sadar police on the basis of the statement of a woman citing dowry demand and a threat to kill her. The victim also accused her husband of having unnatural sex with her.Sapna, a native of Vikaspuri, Delhi, lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station against her husband and his family members.An FIR has been lodged against Ashwini Tripathi, Amita Tripati, Arpna Tripathi, Priti Tripathi, natives of Shahajapur in Uttar Pradesh and at present living in Sitapuri, New Delhi. The FIR has been lodged under Sections 498A, 406, 377, 506 and 34 of IPC.\"We are investigating the case and the accused will be arrested soon,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358219", "title": "Cooper sought career advice from Biel", "text": "Actor Bradley Cooper turned to Jessica Biel for advice, while contemplating to sign on as a mental health patient in David O. Russell's \"Silver Linings Playbook\".The actor admits he was initially unsure whether to take the role, so he asked his friend and \"The A-Team\" co-star Biel for her opinion. Biel had previously worked with Russell on \"Nailed\", though the film never saw the light of the day.\"The reputation that preceded him for me was stellar. I spoke to Jessica Biel, who I'd been on 'The A-Team' with, and I said, 'You know, I think I might do this David O'Russell movie,' and she said, 'Run. Don't walk to that,'\" deadline.com quoted Cooper as saying.\"She did a movie that never even came out with him, actually, and she loved him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355512", "title": "Country can't grow by ignoring poor states: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Criticizing the economic policy of the country which constantly sees ups and downs, chief minister Nitish Kumar - who has vowed to fight for the interest of the backward states - on Saturday called for a paradigm shift in the economic policy which should look into the interests of the under-developed states and not merely depend on developed states.Speaking at a function to mark the completion of the seven years of his government and after releasing the seventh report card, the CM said the target of an inclusive growth could not be reached by ignoring the poor states. \"There will be no inclusive growth by developing a few islands of development. The backward states should also be helped so that they can also contribute in the growth rate of the country. We want India's growth rate highest in the world,\" he said.Batting for the regions which are quite below the national average on all the human indices and stressing on special initiative for them, Nitish pointed out that the states which got special category status have made good progress. He said after the winter session of the state assembly, he would strive further for special initiatives for them by speaking to the leaders of those states.Reiterating his demand for special category status to Bihar , he said it would not only increase the central share in centrally-sponsored schemes but all investments in the state will get tax benefits and other incentives. With more investment, employment opportunities will increase leading to an increase in per capita income, which is lowest in the country. \"This will ensure all-round development of Bihar,\" he added.Later at a press conference, replying to a question on law and order problem, Nitish claimed the situation was better but came down heavily on certain elements trying to sully the image of the state with their sinister designs. \"There are some motivated elements which are indulging in mischievous activities and you know who they are. The people of Madhubani have recognized them and soon they will be exposed before the people of the state,\" the CM said indicting his political rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356060", "title": "Rajasthan kids less healthy than other states: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Children in Rajasthan are less healthy than the national average, a recent survey has said.The national average of healthy children is 60.75% but in Rajasthan the percentage of healthy children is 55.8. Obesity among schoolchildren is also growing trend and becoming a serious health issue. Nearly 20% of children are obese, finds the recently conducted survey among the state schools.The school health and fitness survey conducted by EduSports, a school sports and physical education company also finds that obesity among students nationally and in Rajasthan are almost the same. While the national average of obese students is 19.9%, it is 19.7% in the state.Further, the survey finds that 23.9% of children in the states of Punjab, Delhi, Rajasthan, UP, UK and Haryana were overweight.In Rajasthan, the study covered two schools in as many cities - Bhilwara &amp; Udaipur. Altogether 457 boys and 210 girls had undergone body mass index (BMI) test during the survey. Fitness was also tested among the students on different fitness indicators.Rajasthan was among the 18 states in which the survey was conducted in 2011-12 to test the health of children from seven to 17 years of age. Around 104 schools were covered in 54 cities across 18 states for the survey.According to the survey, the percentage of healthy children in the state is less than the national average because overweight and underweight cases coexist in the schools.Comparing the percentage of underweight children in the two schools surveyed in Rajasthan and 102 schools in 17 others states, a wide difference has been found. In the two schools of the state, it was found that 24.5% of children were underweight but the national average of underweight children was 19.31.During the survey, the company tested acceptable level of endurance, children with lower level of endurance, flexibility, lower body strength, upper body strength and abdominal strength.HealthwiseNationalRajasthanHealthy60.75%55.8 %Overweight19.94%19.7%Underweight19.31%24.5%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17355207", "title": "Job seeking 007-style experience on UK govt website causes stir", "text": "LONDON: An investigation has been launched over a fake MI6 job listing that was posted by a UK government employee on the DirectGov website. The job listing called for applicants with prior experience of sniper rifles and suited to those \"who like their martinis shaken and not stirred\".The \"Target Elimination Specialist\" post, with a job reference code of 007, remained on the DirectGov website for at least an hour on Saturday after Twitter users began to post links to it, The Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the job description had all the hallmarks of a James Bond-style position, requiring \"particularly skilled professionals who are prepared to work on a non-attributable basis\" to deal with \"people whose continued existence poses a risk to the effective conduct of public order\".Other attributes included jobseekers with prior military experience, \"particularly in the use of sniper rifles,\" and a 50-60,000 salary would be complemented with free equipment including passports, special watches, jet packs, mini-submarines and guns.However, a spokeswoman for the department of work and pensions said that an investigation had been launched into how the site had allowed the fake listing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360222", "title": "Aamir wanted to play Langda Tyagi in Omkara: Vishal Bhardwaj", "text": "Playing Langda Tyagi in Omkara was a turning point in Saif Ali Khan's Bollywood career, but director Vishal Bhardwaj says it was Aamir Khan who was keen to star in the role initially.The movie, an adaptation of Shakespeare's Othello , was released in 2006. Bhardwaj says it was Aamir who inspired him to make the movie and he was willing to play the character of Langda Tyagi.\"There was a film we were planning to make, but it got shelved after a year because of some differences.\"During that time I used to tell Aamir about this character Langda Tyagi and Othello, so he encouraged me to do something on it and said he will play that role. He told me to come to him after a year when the script is ready but this time I did not want to fall into his trap so I went to Saif,\" Bhardwaj said on the sidelines of NFDC Film Bazaar.\"I thought if Aamir is interested in some character it might have some potential. And I saw that hunger in Saif's eyes; he was desperate to shed that lover boy image,\" he added.Saif went onto win a Filmfare award for his portrayal of Langda Tyagi.Bhardwaj is currently working on the release of his upcoming film Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola, starring Pankaj Kapur, Anushka Sharma and Imran Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17355062", "title": "Health, MMC officials stop leakage of septic tank", "text": "MARGAO: Margao municipal council (MMC) officials and Margao urban health centre (UHC) officials carried out inspections on Saturday following complaints from shop owners of an overflowing septic tank, from which sewage and waste water was found flowing in front of their shops on Isidore Baptista road behind Grace Church, Margao, on Friday.\"The concerned MMC officials went to the site on Saturday morning and the requisite work has been done,\" said MMC chief officer Srinet Kotwale, on Saturday.They officials ensured that the leakage was stopped. Later in the day, the Margao UHC carried out a site inspection and listened to grievances of the complainants, and promised to follow up on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356189", "title": "More FIRs being registered in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The average number of first information reports (FIR) being registered in the city on a daily basis has gone up from 24 to 33 in past one year.A total of 988 cases were registered under various IPC sections across 43 police stations in October. In 2011, a total of 8,891 cognizable cases (IPC sections) were registered in the 12-month period in Lucknow, according to ministry of home affairs. On number crunching, figures show year-over-year increase of nine cases on a daily basis.The scenario evoked mixed reactions from top cops and ordinary citizens who attributed the spurt to better grievance redressal as also to possible deterioration of law and order situation. Former director general of police Prakash Singh ruling out poor law and order, saying, \"We cannot say law and order situation has suddenly deteriorated or improved. One might say that people's pleas are being answered more this year.\"A total of 1,216 cases were registered during October including 228 under various acts and 988 under various IPC sections. Police also issued 2,274 acknowledgement slips. The scheme of the district police to issue an acknowledgement slip (yellow receipt) to all the complainants who visit public grievance redressal cells established across 43 police stations in the district are helping senior officials review progress made by each police station individually.The outer areas of the district emerged more crime-prone while Thakurganj, Ghazipur and Aliganj within the city limits, also seemed equally vulnerable to anti-social elements.The performance is derived by summing up number of slips issued and comparing it to the total number of cases registered.In charge of police stations that show up with inexplicable mismatch between the two figures are being pulled up. For example, Gomtinagar police issued 19 slips in October while 47 cases were registered in the same period.\"I was told that genuine cases of theft and snatching have been registered directly by Gomtinagar police. But, I have instructed them to provide slips to the visitors henceforth,\" said R K Chaturvedi, senior superintendent of Lucknow.Warnings have been issued to several more officials in the monthly review that took place recently to take stock of policing in October. In fact, station officer of Manaknagar police station was transferred to police lines for laxity in this regard.The public grievance redressal cells of police stations located at outskirts of the city such as Madiaon, Bakshi Ka Talab, Nagram, Malihabad, PGI, Gosainganj and Itaunja were more prompt (in that order). On the contrary, Wazirganj policemen issued 19 slips while cases registered were 30 cases.At Aliganj, 16 slips were issued against 45 cases registered.\"The exercise will be continued every month now and those found ignoring the order, will be taken to task,\" said Chaturvedi. He added the numbers were encouraging. \"We are not only registering cases, but also solving them. It is a sign of healthy policing.\"Gunjan Pandey, a Jiyamau-based businessman, had some reservations, \"No matter what the police claim, the fact is they are unable to protect their personnel from unruly elements, so what can the ordinary citizens expect. I have no qualms against spurt in numbers of cases, but in the last regime people feared breaking the law which is not the case in the present day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "story", "code": "17361196", "title": "101 Weddings", "text": "Story: Three men, who are complete strangers, meet at a mass wedding. Each is driven by his own interest and the story is about how they are reformed at the end.Movie Review: 101 weddings is not one of those vibrant, hilarious movies where a string of humorous scenes combine together to produce the comic effect. In his new movie, Shafi is pre-occupied with what he considers as profound motives. A fraudster owns up his childhood guilt, hatred gives way to companionship and love transcends evil.The result is 101 weddings runs out of all its promised charm way too soon. Though the film employs some crude humour and bawdy one-liners with Suraj Venjaramoodu, who seems to be fast exhausting his comic verve, the effect is rather incomplete.The setting is a mass wedding organized by a charitable society run by a rich girl played by Samvritha Sunil. A proclaimed Gandhian (Vijayaraghavan) is moved by this warm gesture and wants his son, the dandy fraudster Krish ( Kunchako Boban), to marry her. A dance master with palpable feminine traits Jyothi ( Jayasuriya ) and a notorious thug, who arrives as an avenging angel, end up at the same venue.The arrangement for a mass wedding is such that interested persons need to stay there for some time so that they can get acquainted with their probable future partners. What unfolds is a seemingly knotty storyline. Krish dislikes this marriage and hence Jyothi poses as Krish staging an imminent commotion and eventual conclusion.Except for his swanky hairstyle, Kunchako's appeal is sparse and he is found wanting in terms of comic portrayals. Jayasuriya's character is a tiring replica of what Dileep accomplished in Chandu Pottu. Biju Menon engages, but he is constrained by the narrative.The failure of 101 weddings is the way it wears off its initial charm. Even an unconvincing narrative may come across a pleasant watch for its sheer humour and rare moments of warmth. However Shafi, who has always given decent plots, loses his grip. The songs appear out of place and the humour fades quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "handigarh", "code": "17356319", "title": "PGI exam paper leak case: 2 main accused in judicial remand", "text": "HANDIGARH: A local court sent two main accused in the PGI exam leak case - Kota Gangadhar Reddy and P Gurivi Reddy - in 14-day judicial remand to Burail jail, on Saturday. \"We have collected many fresh proofs during interrogation and these would strengthen the prosecution,\" said a CBI special lawyer.Earlier, CBI officials had told the court that Reddy's remand was necessary since they might have to take him to Hyderabad to identify places from where he bought devices which were used in the exam leak. However, this did not happen and they said that Reddy had disclosed required addresses questioning.\"A CBI team will now visit Hyderabad for an independent probe,\" said a CBI official who was accompanying the accused to the court. Next hearing in the case has been scheduled on December 3. Apart from Reddy and Gangadhar, there were 14 others, including eight women, in the case. While seven women acted as decoy customers, others facilitated the leak. At present, all are in judicial custody and lodged in Burail jail.One of the accused, P Sidhartha, had moved the court seeking bail but the court had dismissed the application on the grounds that he could tamper with evidence, if released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17359239", "title": "SMC starts overdrive to contain Dengue", "text": "SURAT: Following the heavy outburst of Dengue in the city, health authorities of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) carried out Vector born Disease control measures during the last 45 days. Despite the drive large amount of infection cases are being witnessed in the city. More than 200 cases were reported in Civic body run health facilities and more than 1000 cases were reported from private medical facilities .According to officials of SMC during their intra domestic survey in October, they checked 41, 37,315 breeding spots from 19, 86,434 houses and other places and found 15,698 mosquito breeding. More than half of that 9562 were of Aedis mosquito. 1433 were of mixed breeding.\"We have destroyed these breeding by spraying Tomiphos medicine.\" Said JB Vora, Deputy Commissioner of Health SMC. Even during anti larval survey large amount of such breeding were found and destroyed. SMC has put an action plan in action for the containment of Dengue in the city hence forth.\"We have fixed the responsibility of all the health workers and have even advised school going children to wear full sleeve cloths as the mosquito is active in daytime and fresh water in nature. We have also asked citizens not to store fresh water for long time in any one container and suggested immediate blood tests for people who show basic symptoms .\" said an official from health department. \"Monitoring, Supervision and Reporting of the disease is being undertaken at micro level and we expect results to show in coming few days.\" Said Vora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355288", "title": "Firm charges employee with embezzlement", "text": "A construction firm has filed a complaint of cheating against an employee and two suppliers with the Naranpura police. The firm's officials have stated that the employee worked with two suppliers and provided fake bills that were paid by the company.Chandrakant Shah, an employee of Parshwanath Builders at Harsiddhi Chambers near Income Tax Circle, filed a complaint against Priyanshi Patel - a Mehmdabad resident - and the suppliers, for cheating the company of Rs 62.81 lakh.\"The firm is currently constructing a business park and a residential park in the city and had signed agreements with city-based firms for the supply of iron, cement, and other construction materials,\" said a Naranpura police official. \"When the delivery challans were checked against deliveries, officials learnt that most of the challans were issued by Palak Traders and Siddhivinayak Estate.\"The bills were processed by Patel and the two firms were paid fraudulently, said the complaint. \"We have sought the financial documents related to the case and have also asked the accused to record their statements to understand the money trail,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356391", "title": "Fewer deepams this Karthigai as outages hit potters", "text": "COIMBATORE: This Karthigai, P Dhanalakshmi and her family will be making fewer lamps. It's not that they prefer it that way, but the long and unscheduled power cuts have drastically reduced their work time. \"Usually, we make double the number of lamps during this period but this time we are struggling due to the erratic power supply during the day as well as at night,' says Dhanalakshmi.The electric motor-powered potter's wheel at their home has been idle for most part of day and night as electricity has become an elusive commodity. In the past, potters manually twirled the potter's wheel and skilfully transformed the mud and clay into tiny lamps for city residents to welcome Deepavali and Karthigai. They can still make lamps that way, but the process is compared to making lamps on an electric wheel. \"We usually make more than 1,000 lamps during the festival season but now we are struggling even to make half the number due to the power outage,\" Dhanalakshmi says.Dhanalakshmi, who hails from the Kulalar community also known as Mannudayar, resides near Gandhi Park in a dingy lane that leads to an open space where hay and dry cow dung cakes are piled up and burnt to provide heat to be used for drying lines of freshly-made clay lamps. Her family procures wet clay at a cost of about Rs 600 for a load, which could be used to make about 10,000 small clay lamps. Her son, Balaji is a commerce student in a city college and takes his turn at the potter's wheel whenever there is power to help out the family during the festive season. \"I usually get into the lamp-making part during this season. More than Deepavali, it is Karthigai Deepam for which we see a huge demand for lamps,\" says Balaji.The wet clay blob is placed on the rotating base wheel of the potter's wheel and the experienced hands of the potter dictates the shape of the spinning clay atop the wheel. Buyers mostly look for the traditional clay lamps with single and five wicks. A single lamp is sold for a rupee while the price falls to 50 paisa when purchased in bulk.The situation is similar in a residential area of Kulalars in Driver's Colony near Anna Nagar in Kavundampalayam. The potters in the locality make lamps as well as pots and vessels. They too are struggling to meet the festival season demand due to the power shortage. \"We have never faced such a serious issue in recent times. Most of us are using motorised wheels which are faster and easier to use but we require proper power supply for it,\" says K Thangavel, a potter from Driver's Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17399896", "title": "Three more beaches to be developed to ease RK Beach", "text": "Visakhapatnam: To reduce the throng of beach lovers at Ramakrishna Beach, Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA) is developing three new stretches of beaches from Rushikonda to Thotlakonda.The first new beach stretch will be near the IT junction in Rushikonda, while another beach front is being developed at Mangamaripeta near Thotlakonda and the third near Bheemili.Nearly Rs10 to Rs 25 lakh will be spent on developing each new beach stretch depending upon the demand, necessity and popularity, VUDA officials said.\"We are beautifying and cleaning up certain points between Rushikonda and Thotlakonda to develop them as safe beaches and shift the ever-increasing crowd from Ramakrishna beach, which is frequented by 10-15,000 people daily, official VUDA spokesperson Prabhakar Reddy said.\"We are developing the beaches for the people to come and sit in peace for a while and feel safe as well. Setting up food kiosks will depend on the popularity of the new beaches. No constructions are being taken up except laying greenery, plantations, gardens, landscaping and some seats and street lighting. We are conforming to the norms of the coastal regulatory zone,\" added Reddy.He, however, pointed out that VUDA was yet to obtain clearance from the revenue department for the Thotlakonda site for which they had written to the district collector.But transforming Vizag into a beach surfers paradise a la Goa or Kovalam may be an uphill task, given the fact that unlike the Arabian Sea, the sea in Vizag is rough and the coast is dangerous for activities like swimming or sunbathing or even adventure activities such as beach volleyball, noted tourism authorities and experts.While make-shift beer bars and shacks on the lines of those on Goa beaches aren't viable here because there's no liquor licence facility available in Vizag for consumption of liquor on the beaches, the other components of beach tourism such as boating, surfing , hand-gliding, paragliding or sun-bathing also can't be promoted, taking into consideration the nature of the sea and local culture.While there's a paragliding facility on Kailasagiri, it hasn't taken off because the activity depends more on the winds and congenial weather, say VUDA officials. They admitted that it was not possible to develop beach tourism in Vizag as the terrain was rocky instead of level with some very deep ends and shallow portions.Change in liquor policy, developing secluded areas and toilets are also needed to develop beach tourism, which don't seem likely to come up anytime in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354182", "title": "Rajesh Mudam stars in BMC's win", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajesh Mudam played a stellar role in steering BMC to an exciting 3-1 win over PJ Hindu Gymkhana in the pre-quarterfinals of the Indian Gymkhana-2nd Maharashtra State Masters table tennis championships, hosted by Indian Gymkhana on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356769", "title": "MCC pulls down 113 illegal hoardings in eight zones", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation cleared over 100 billboards in a special drive here on Saturday.MCC commissioner M R Ravi has warned zonal assistant commissioners of taking action against them if they don't act against wrongdoers. \"We have declared central business district (CBD) as hoarding-free area. But this has not been implemented by the respective zonal-level officers,\" Ravi said.\"There is a provision under Prevention of Disfigurement of Public Places Act to book cases against the violators. Officials should use the powers to prevent wrongdoers from erecting hoarding illegally. But so far this has not been followed strictly. Hereafter, I will not tolerate laid-back attitude,\" said Ravi.On Saturday, MCC removed 113 hoardings in eight of the nine zones -- 34 in zone 4 and 26 each in zones 5 and 6. The MCC chief said they have a team to keep a check on illegal hoardings, and that it will intensify the drive in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354544", "title": "Govt plans to frame rules for e-rickshaws", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city government is planning to formulate rules and regulations for e-rickshaws. \"There has been an increase in the number of e-rickshaws plying in Delhi over the past few months. However, the transport department has little data on them as they are not issued licenses and are not covered under the Motor Vehicles Act. We are planning to put them under some rules and regulations now,\" said the transport minister, Ramakant Goswami.The transport department officials will meet the officials from the civic agencies - the three municipal corporations and the NDMC\u00e2\u20ac\u201d and the environment department next week on the matter, said sources.At present, the transport department doesn't regulate the route or the functioning of the e-rickshaws as these vehicles have speed below 25kmph.The civic agencies also don't issue licenses to e-rickshaws as these are seen as motorized vehicles.According to informal estimates by the transport department, there are over 200 e-rickshaws in the city at present. Sources said that most electronic rickshaws ply through localities like India Gate, Saket and the university area.The e-rickshaw scheme has been encouraged by the city government as an environment-friendly alternative. According to Goswami, the idea behind putting in some regulation for the e-rickshaw was merely to make required data available for the government.\"We want these e-rickshaws to ply in an organized manner and follow set regulations to avoid mishaps. At present, it's a grey area,\" said Goswami.The regular rickshaws ply under routes and regulations set by the civic agencies while the transport department is responsible for the enforcement and licensing of autorickshaws.There are over 50,000 three-wheeled scooter rickshaws permits issued by the transport department while the civic agencies have issued licenses to 80,000 rickshaws. However, unofficial estimates put the actual number of rickshaws in the city at over six lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17360742", "title": "People peeing in open made to take 'walk of shame' in UK", "text": "LONDON: In a bid to tackle the menace of people urinating in the open, a UK city has decided to take offenders on a 'walk of shame' to show them the damage to historic sites due to such corroding behaviour.Each day, up to 30 people are caught on CCTV urinating in public in Chester, which was founded by the Romans and attracts eight million visitors a year.Chester Council has joined forces with police to introduce a \"heritage awareness\" course in an attempt to combat the public nuisance, which officials say is corroding the city's buildings.While students, soldiers and the unemployed are the primary culprits, accountants, solicitors and teachers have also been caught, the Daily Mail reported.In the past year, 108 offenders have agreed to pay 75 pounds to enrol on the course, which is run by trading standards officers, rather than go to court and face a possible heavy fine.They are told about the effects of their behaviour on residents and tourism, and shown a recording of them urinating in the street before going on \"walk of shame\" around the city centre to inspect the damage.Chief Inspector Julie Westgate of Cheshire Police said: \"We want to make offenders accountable for the damage to the city's heritage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355567", "title": "Hospitals to have help desks to check corruption", "text": "BANGALORE: Soon there will be a help desk in every hospital run under the health and family welfare department of Karnataka to curb alleged corruption practices. Two hospitals under the department in Bangalore - KC General Hospital and Jayanagar General Hospital - already have this facility, other hospitals like Indiranagar General Hospital and Gosha General Hospital are likely to have it in next few months.\"Help desks set up in these hospitals with the help of NGOs, will help to keep check on alleged corruption practices,\" said M Madan Gopal, principal secretary, health and family welfare department. \"The government is also planning to connect these desks with the centralized helpline number 104 (which is to be launched in due course of time) so that people can voice their grievances to the authorities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359410", "title": "Rakeysh turned recluse to prepare for 'Bhaag Milka'", "text": "It is not only Farhan Akhtar who went through months of rigorous training for \"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\", but director Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra also prepared himself for the movie by cutting himself off from modern technology and living in a village for weeks.The 49-year-old's new project is a biopic on legendary athlete Milkha Singh, also known as The Flying Sikh. It is based in the 1940s and '60s and Mehra says to understand the mood of the nation at the time he put himself away from the world and lived alone for a long time.\"For me getting under the skin of the character is very important. To recreate the era of 1940s and '60s in the movie is not easy. I took off TV connection for a month, went minimalistic on email, changed my number so that not many can call me and went on to live in a village called Firozpur to understand the mood of the nation.\"It is very important to understand the emotions of people especially when the Partition was going on. I wanted to understand the character inside out,\" Mehra said on the sidelines of NFDC Film Bazaar at IFFI.The movie is coming after a gap of four years for Mehra, whose last release \"Delhi 6\" failed to create magic at the box office.The director says after \"Delhi 6\" bombed he was heartbroken and took some time to come out of the vacuum. \"There is anger when movies don't work, where you feel nobody understands you. Moreover, it breaks your heart when you realize people have rejected you work.\"\"First few months you live in denial and it is only after some time you start accepting it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356778", "title": "Inmates of orphanages let their hair down", "text": "MYSORE: Underprivileged children from orphanages danced, sang and had a great time with the students of a nursery school here on Saturday.When the children danced, even their parents joined and played dandiya raas. The event, held at Euro Kids in Yadavagiri here, had 25 children from various orphanages celebrating Joy of the Week. \"Such programmes help children from elite class come know about those who are deprived of many things in life,\" said Mita P Shah, centre head at Euro Kids. The programme was held to mark Children's Day.\"The preparation for the event started well in advance. We requested the parents to contribute grocery, stationery items, etc. They responded positively by donating many things, including toys, to poor children. They will be distributed among the orphanages,\" she added.Events related to tapping the rain, aiming ball, passing ball and threading beads added to the fun. Children aged up to 16 years took part in the event.\"Children from weaker section also want to sing, crack jokes and dance,\" Mita said.Homemaker Asha, who had come with her children to take part in the event, said they felt good spending time with such children. \"This will help them in future,\" she added. Four-year-old Sinchana said: \"I felt special today when they offered me a chocolate. So far, no one has ever done this. Teachers and parents made me feel comfortable.\"Kiran from Bapuji Ashram said that he had never danced dandiya raas before. \"Today, I received many gifts, which made me happy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17356372", "title": "Shimla civic body to serve notices on officers who do not pay garbage charges", "text": "SHIMLA: After finding that many bureaucrats including IAS and IPS officers in Shimla are not paying the mandatory Rs 50 monthly charges for door-to-door garbage collection, Shimla municipal corporation has started to prepare a list of such officers, and serve them notices.Residents in Shimla have to pay monthly charges for door-to-door garbage collection; however, officers misuse their positions and keep away from making payments for years.According to sources, garbage collectors feel helpless before the officers and tend to remain silent on the issue. They have now alerted their supervisors who have informed the mayor. Defaulters include some renowned educational institutes as well.Mayor Sanjay Chauhan had recently called a meeting of supervisors of all wards to review the garbage collection system in the city. It was then that many supervisors had revealed that senior government officers including IAS and the IPS do not pay charges for garbage collected from their homes. The supervisors said that some officers had not paid money for the past three years. Names of around 50 such defaulters have been submitted to the municipal corporation. The mayor said the list is being prepared according to wards and notices would be served soon.Chauhan said that in case the officers do not deposit the charges even after notices are served on them, the civic body shall disconnect water and power supply to their homes in accordance with provisions of the municipal Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17354279", "title": "Price hike tastes sweet for cane growers", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Sugarcane growers in Ganjam district have a sweetening news. The management of Aska Cooperative Sugar Industries Limited (ACSIL) on Saturday decided to increase price of sugarcane by Rs 60 per tonne compared to that of last year during procuring the canes from farmers this crushing season. With this the new rate of the sugarcane has been pegged at Rs 2,270 per tonne. Around 10,000 sugarcane growers in the district would be benefited.The decision to increase the sugarcane price was taken at a meeting held between officials of the ACSIL and Ganjam district sugarcane growers' association at Chhatrapur. District collector Krishan Kumar, who is also chairman of managing committee of the ACSIL, presided.\"We have decided to increase the price of sugarcane considering all aspects like increase in price of fertilizer, hike in labour charge and above all financial condition of the industry,\" the collector said. The transport subsidy will be provided to the farmers as usual.The growers association had demanded hike in price of sugarcane from Rs 2,210 to Rs 2,500 per tonne. \"We agreed to the price of Rs 2,270 considering the financial health of the ACSIL,\" said general secretary of the association Samir Pradhan. He appealed to the sugar factory authorities to start crushing early.Sources said the factory would start its operation from the first week of next month. The factory has targeted to crush around 2.44 lakh tonnes of cane this time. In the last crushing season, it had crushed 1.88 lakh tonnes. Sugarcane was cultivated in around 9,500 acres this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17357154", "title": "Residents amassing funds to rebuild flats", "text": "KOCHI: Though most apartment complexes in the city are not older than 10 years, apartment associations have set a long-term plan to reconstruct the building in the future. They also have a fund for the purpose. Sources said that there are some associations that have amassed over Rs 1 crore for reconstruction. The life period of apartments is between 50 to 60 years.\"The fund is made as fixed deposit in banks and normally not used for any other purpose,\" said V K Sankarankutty, president, All Kerala Apartment Owners (Apex) Association.\"Quality of construction here compared to apartments of other states. The life period of buildings vary depending on the construction. It is the responsibility of the apartment societies to select a builder to undertake reconstruction,\" said secretary of Kochi chapter of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India John Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354788", "title": "Peon working as bill clerk!", "text": "NAGPUR: The revenue collection scam at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has exposed yet another flaw in the administration. A peon was appointed as bill clerk at the NMC Dharampeth Zone and is one who is under scanner now. Deputy director (audit) Suvarna Pande was the one who unearthed the revenue collection scam.NMC sources told TOI that the peon, Dipak Patil, who is a class-IV employee, was working as bill clerk who is a class-III employee, at the health department in the Dharampeth Zone. \"Patil was asked to handle cash and issue receipts every day,\" the sources said.Patil is now working at the Dhantoli Zone office as a property tax collector. \"He was transferred after being promoted a year ago,\" the sources said.A senior NMC official said that the names of officials and employees responsible for the scam would be revealed on Monday. \"Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is taking detailed information about those who had engaged in the irregularity,\" he said.The revenue collection scam is linked to the market and health departments of Dhantoli and Dharampeth zones, respectively.Patil's change of designation was not done by the general administration department as per the rules. It has come to fore that the Dhantoli zonal officer appointed him as bill clerk unilaterally. Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said no permission had been granted from the head office.It is also learnt that the revenue collected in the head and zonal offices is deposited in banks by peons or class-IV employees.TOI had recently highlighted the mess in NMC's administration. Around 800 of total 4,854 daily wage sanitation workers, who are expected to sweep road and clean drains, were assigned to different departments and given responsibilities. Around 72 of them were also appointed as drivers and some of them were operating fire-tenders too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356428", "title": "25 years on, their dream home is still young", "text": "KOCHI: They were neither builders nor construction experts. But 30 years ago, when Kochi was a developing town, they dreamed of living in a high-rise building. And this group of young civil servants constructed Kairali in Panampilly Nagar, the first residential complex in the city. And when Kairali prepares to celebrate its silver jubilee on November 28, they have many stories to share - of buying land at Rs 13,000 a cent, participating in government auctions for quality building materials and using teakwood for windows and door frames.M J Mathan, a retired Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officer, who is also the founder president of Kairali Co-operative Housing Society, cannot stop smiling as he recounts the beginning of a major landmark of Kochi. \"We had no commercial interest and the project was built on a 'no profit no loss' platform. It was the brain-child of many officers who served in the Indian administrative, police and revenue services. We wanted a place where we could settle down together after retirement,\" he said.Soon a housing society with 25 members was constituted and registered under the Co-operative Societies Act. The society bought 102 cents of land from Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) in 1982, paying Rs 13,000 for a cent.T Zachariah Mani, who was the then secretary, said: \"We succeeded in our efforts because our members paid their dues. During those days housing loans were unheard of and the society did not get any financial assistance. So we had to bring in more members to share the cost and ensure a steady supply of funds.\"The society roped in a young architect B R Ajith, who now heads Ajith Associates, to design the building. The office bearers participated in government auctions to get quality building materials at reduced rates. \"More than 100 pilings, which were 45 meters deep, had to be constructed to build the structure,\" recollects Mathan. The building was ready in 1987.There are 72 apartments in the residential complex and around 250 people live here. The complex has two blocks and each has nine floors. Even after 25 years, the building has not lost its charm, the mosaic floors are shiny, the walls spotless.The complex does not have health clubs and swimming pools, a concept which was not popular in those days.\"We are not keen on having these as it will increase the maintenance cost. Even people who do not use these facilities will have to meet these expenses,\" said Mani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354775", "title": "Ambulance operators on strike", "text": "GURGAON: Demanding the arrest of the accused in the murder of an ambulance van owner and his driver, the ambulance operators of Gurgaon went on strike on Saturday. Meanwhile, police have taken three persons into custody for questioning in connection with the murders.The ambulance owner, Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku, and his driver, Rajendra, were found dead in the HUDA ground in front of Euro International School in Sector 10 early on Friday. The two were killed by a sharp weapon. Police lodged a murder case against unknown persons on the statement of the dead ambulance owner's brother.Akhilesh, a native of Rajasthan, is under the police scanner as his number is there in the victim's call detail record. Police officers claimed they had some clues about the accused and that they would be arrested soon.\"We have got a clue about the killers in the double murder case. The accused will be arrested soon. The cause of the murder will be revealed only after the arrest of the accused. It seems like a case of revenge,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).The incident has obviously shaken the ambulance operators of the city. \"We are in the grip of fear and want to know about the killers as soon as possible. We get calls from patients any time of the night and we always provide them the best service. But after this double murder, trusting anyone has become very difficult for us,\" said Vipin Kumar, president of the Ambulance Van Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354625", "title": "Decision on recalibration deadline likely next week", "text": "MUMBAI: In a breather to taxi and auto drivers, the transport department has decided to allow those who have not recalibrated their meters to charge fares according to the revised fare till a decision regarding extension of the deadline is announced.The transport department will take a decision on whether the next week's deadline for recalibration of meters should be extended further. Sources said the extension is most likely to be granted because of loss of working days due to many festive holidays in October and November. Besides, the city was shut for some days due to the death of Bal Thackeray. A transport department official said, \"All these factors will be considered while taking a call on the extension period.\"Nearly 55% auto and 45%taxi meters remain to be fine-tuned even as the recalibration deadline expired today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "17354757", "title": "New AIIMS opens to patients", "text": "JHAJJAR: The outreach outdoor patient department (OOPD) at the new AIIMS campus at Badhsa village in Jhajjar, 17 kilometres from Gurgaon, became functional on Saturday.After inaugurating the OOPD, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said it would be the first OPD in the country to provide free medicines to patients. Specialist doctors would treat patients having problems related to general medicine, orthopaedics, obstetrics &amp; gynaecology, paediatrics, ophthalmology, ENT and general surgery among other fields. Besides, it will also offer diagnostic facilities and digital x-ray. Provision for minor surgeries has also been made with two operation theatres.On the first day, around 100 patients were seen by doctors in the OOPD. With the inauguration of AIIMS-II, waiting period of OPDs at Delhi AIIMS is likely to decrease. \"Last year 26 lakh patients visited the AIIMS OPD in Delhi and we expect this rush to come down now that this OPD has opened. We expect over 1,000 patients every day at this OPD,\" said Azad.A 600-bed cancer research institute with an estimated investment of Rs 2,100 crore will also be set up on the campus of the institute apart from other institutes in the next five years. The cancer research institute will have clinical research as well as palliative care (treatment to relieve the pain in patients who are in advanced stages of cancer) facilities, besides having a 24x7 cancer emergency.Azad also emphasized that the hospital building will have state-of-the-art infrastructure. \"We have already invited the expression of interest from international agencies to design and build the hospital,\" he added. The critical cases though will be referred to AIIMS Delhi. However, doctors, including director R C Deka, pointed out that the infrastructure and connectivity need to be improved for faster transfer of patients. \"The road connecting Delhi is very narrow and congested. It takes over two hours to reach the Delhi campus and in cases of emergency, this delay may prove fatal,\" said one of them. The chief minister though promised that Gurgaon-Badli road, on which AIIMS-2 is situated, would be converted into a four-lane road with an investment of Rs 250 crore. However, he did not set a timeframe for the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17356506", "title": "TNSTC driver abuses autistic child and mother in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Parents of a group of autistic children who attend the same training in Madurai have decided to petition the helpline in Madurai because a driver of a TNSTC bus allegedly abused the mother of an autistic child in front of the other passengers and threatened her against travelling in the same bus again.Pavithra (7), the girl in question, was the daughter of a fireworks employee in Sivakasi and had been coming for training to her centre for the past three years, said Rani Chakkravarthy, a psychologist. \"The mother is very specific that she will not deprive her child of the regular training and is very prompt in attending the weekly classes,\" she said.On Friday, the mother had boarded the TNSTC bus with registration TN 67 N 0497 at 12.30 pm which was bound for Kallukumalai from Madurai. As part of the training, the mothers of autistic children are asked to talk to their children while they are travelling in the vehicles to help them in their treatment. The mother and daughter had been enjoying their ride with the little girl laughing as her mother explained to her about the things on the roads, when the driver suddenly stopped the bus and demanded that they get off the bus immediately as they were disturbing him.He had allegedly asked the mother why she had to travel in a bus with her mentally retarded child? The conductor was the only person who had spoken in her favour and tried to pacify the driver but in vain, while the other passengers kept silent.The driver also allegedly threatened Pavithra's father who had come to the Sivakasi bus stop to receive them.Chakkaravarthy says this is not the first time her \"children\" were facing this problem. About two months ago, a driver allegedly forced a parent to get off the bus with her autistic son. \"Most of these parents come from poor families and cannot afford coming to police stations for enquiries, which is why they prefer to go without complaining. But this issue is going to be taken up with the helpline as many parents have come forward to support me,\" she said.\"Drivers of public transport should be trained on dealing with such situations and action against this particular driver will be the only way to stress this,\" said Kumar, a parent.Meanwhile, Sudha of the Helpline at People's Watch says they have not received such complaints earlier. On receiving the complaint, it will be forwarded to higher officials of the transport department and then taken up with advocates, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17356548", "title": "Shops around Trichy temple razed", "text": "TRICHY: In a significant development, the HR&CE; department in association with the Lalgudi revenue officials razed a total of 85 shops that had been illegal constructed along the Samayapuram Maraiamman temple's compound wall. The shop lots slanting from the outer side of the temple wall have not only been obstructing movement of visitors to the temple, presently the third richest in the state, but were also hindrance to the expansion of the ancient temple.The demolition operation lasted from dawn to dusk, and all \"encroachments\" on the southern and western praharams were removed. Mannachanallur tahsildar Bhavani who was part of the operation told TOI that the shops had been there for well over two decades, selling ritual and pooja items and other religious knickknacks. As the temple grew in popularity, the HR&CE; recently sanctioned Rs 80 lakh to widen the praharam. \"There was no resistance from the shopkeepers who were made to realize that their shops were unauthorized, and as such the question of providing alternative site does not arise,\" Lalgudi RDO Parthiban told TOI. However, a posse of around 400 policemen was pressed into service at sunrise, but they were withdrawn in phases as it was a smooth operation. \"There are still around 150 shops in the immediate vicinity of the temple occupying either the temple or revenue land, and they would be removed in the coming days,\" said Parthiban.Located on the Chennai-Trichy highway, the ancient temple became famous in relatively recent times, becoming the third biggest revenue earner in the state, after Pazhani and Tiruchendur. Yet, the ancient temple did not have basic amenities such as dormitories for devotees, toilets and parking lots. Now, a 26,188 sq ft Amavasai mandapam is under construction for Rs 1.1 crore, and another three-storey building with a tonsuring hall is being planned for Rs 65 lakh. The HR&CE; department has also taken up construction of a two-storey guest house with a total of 32 suites as many devotees to the temple were forced to stay at Trichy, 15 km away. The expansion plan also includes a link road to the highway at a cost of Rs 12.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355766", "title": "Palliative care facility at Cancer Foundation", "text": "INDORE: To see the development plans of 24-bed palliative care facility at Indore Cancer Foundation, Dr Kirti Jain, president of Indo American Cancer Association, visited the Foundation on Saturday. He was received by director, administration S K Oswal and chairman, planning and development CM Dagaonkar. The palliative care facility will be used as a pain and symptom relief facility for patients with terminal cancer.It will also serve as a training centre for doctors and nurses.The director of the palliative care centre, Dr Suresh Varma informed about the phase-wise plan for the centre. The support for the construction of palliative care centre has come from the Padma Keshav Trust of Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356605", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCivilian-police collaboration key to better administration\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Emphasizing that the civilian-police collaboration is of utmost importance for better administration, both GOC-in-C, Western Command, Lieutenant General Sanjiv Chachra and director general of police, UT, P K Srivastava felt that sports, particularly golf, will definitely bring them together on the same platform, where they can share ideas for the betterment of the society.\"Such events help in increasing the collaboration or cooperation between the services, whether it's police or the army, and the civilians. Sharing different ideas and inputs with people from all walks of life helps us better the administration. Any kind of collaboration definitely helps,\" said the DGP, on the sidelines of the Times-IGP Golf Tournament, organized by The Times of India and Chandigarh police.Endorsing this view, Lt Gen Chachra opined that it was a great platform for interaction and such activities do help in improving services' relations with the public.\"We serve the nation and for us the people are most important. Interacting with the civilians not only helps us to connect, but also brings us face-to-face with the who's who of the city. We share, we come up with ideas and it goes a long way in nation building. I hope The Times of India collaborates with the Army as well in future to organize a tournament like the one they have organized with the Inspector General of Police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17355245", "title": "Fire at Ovrem house causes huge losses", "text": "CANACONA: A fire at a house at Ovrem-Palolem, Canacona, on Saturday resulted in a loss of 2.55 lakh to its ownder, Antonio Fernandes. The fire was caused by a short circuit.Among the destroyed items were food grains, clothing and other materials, and it was only the timely arrival of the Canacona fire personnel that saved the rets of the property, worth over 10 lakh, said councilor Divakar Pagi.Fire fighters from Canacona, police and local people all worked together to bring the fire under control after one and a half hours, added Pagi.\"We were prepared to deal with any kind of emergency. Our fire tenders reached all the spots soon after getting the information. Fortunately, there was no loss of any life or injury, accept damage to the house and melting of Gold ornaments,\" added Namdev Parwar, fire officer attached to the Canacona fire brigade and emergency services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356348", "title": "Centre has a role in TN development story, says Vasan", "text": "CHENNAI: Dismissing chief minister J Jayalalithaa's charge that the Centre was giving a step-motherly treatment to the state , Union shipping minister G K Vasan on Saturday said several Centrally-sponsored schemes had been implemented in Tamil Nadu by the UPA government.Speaking to the media , Vasan said during the eight-odd years of the Congress-led UPA regime , the state received schemes worth several crores . \"One can proudly say the Centre has a role in the development of Tamil Nadu ,\" he said . At a wedding function in Chennai on Friday , Jayalalithaa had accused the Centre of taking a 'negative ' approach when it came to TN that compelled the state to resort to legal recourse ,especially to get Cauvery water . The shipping minister said the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee had endorsed the view that a major portion of power from Kudankulam nuclear power project should be allotted to TN. \"We will fight for it. TN is reeling under a power shortage . The state government has failed to act . The Centre will try its best to resume a better power position in Tamil Nadu ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354851", "title": "Principal swindles money; challenges termination in HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Challenging his termination over Rs 2.2 crores embezzlement, Kamptee-based PWS Arts and Commerce College principal Ambadas Wankhede has moved Nagpur bench of Bombay high court seeking full salary as per 6th Pay Commission from the date of suspension.A division bench comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and Ashok Bhangale on Friday adjourned the hearing for three weeks. However, People Welfare Society, managing the college, contended that he had not come to the court with \"clean hands\". Citing an inquiry report by lawyer PC Marpakwar, it stated that around 22 charges were framed against Wankhede. After the report nailing him for all these charges, he was suspended with 50% subsistence payment from December 7, 2007. Five years later, the Nagpur University's Management Council gave green signal for his termination in its October 18 meeting.An affidavit filed by the management in court claimed that Wankhede was accordingly dismissed and an order was passed to recover the embezzled amount and some important documents which were in his possession.The inquiry report further charged Wankhede with allegedly manipulating not only the college funds but also those which came from UGC and the state. He unreasonably changed the auditor of the college without prior permission from the management and got the audit checks done by an unauthorized auditor, thus intentionally manipulating the financial functioning of the college. Despite repeated assurances, the research candidates in college were not paid their dues sanctioned by the UGC. On number of occasions, he acted beyond his scope of authority and misused his power and position as a principal.Citing an example, the management alleged that he extended the lease of a bank's extension counter in the college at rates lower than the market price. His misdemeanour is evident from how he made other employees withdraw money from the college accounts and told them to pay it back to him. He allegedly charged excess fees from female and backward classes students, and in spite of being warned of serious legal consequences by deputy director of education, he failed to refund those. It is also claimed that he used college construction funds for building his own and his kin's houses and property. He also misappropriated UGC funds for constructing a women's hostel, which remained only on paper.The inquiry report also put Wankhede in soup for his mismanagement. The deputy director of education, after surveying the junior college, imposed a fine for the same. He never bothered to reply to the management's queries regarding the functioning of the college because of which the management gradually lost control of administration. Another charge against him was the illegal admission of MPhil students even when the college had discontinued the course. NU had fined the college for admitting students without permission and affiliation. It is also alleged that he had tampered with some important documents which were illegally in his possession.Some of his women colleagues complained against him to the State Women's Commission for allegedly using foul and derogatory language. He is also accused of issuing false and fabricated certificates to banks in favour of teaching and non-teaching staff to facilitate their loans from banks. A peculiar case has been noted wherein he asked some teachers to take up loans and pay him back as donation for their appointment, the society claimed.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354990", "title": "'Nagpur University could have conducted special exam for 93 students'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University's lethargic administration doesn't seem to improve even after committing blunders one after another. This time, it created a big one by deferring all exams of engineering and home science faculties that adversely affected over 60,000 students. Though NU had cited the pressure of students who cleared the subjects in revaluation as the reason, but the real picture is altogether a different one. Surprisingly, it was found that only 93 students would be benefited and for them NU disrupted the entire calendar of both faculties.A retired senior official who had worked with NU exam section stated that NU could have conducted special exam for these 93 students, instead of putting the future of over 60,000 students at stake. \"There is definite provision of a special exam in the Act and NU had recently conducted one such for the students of Rani Agnihotri College after big racket of malpractices was unearthed by the Wardha police,\" the official said.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke refused to comment while PRO Prashant Mohite was not available.Official further added that it was surprising the way NU administration suddenly postponed the exam without exploring possibility of conducting special one. \"It's hard to believe that they forget the provision of special exam as Agnihotri's case is still fresh in memory. It's obvious that it's a part of a bigger controversy made to legalize illegal admissions by private colleges of local politicians, so that they could not lose crores of revenue in form of huge donations from innocent students,\" the official said.He alleged that private colleges making illegal admissions in ME/MTech courses even before getting affiliation and NU administration led by VC Vilas Sapkal granting them the permission to appear in the exam, flouting all rules and regulations, itself proved that postponing exams was a part of a bigger conspiracy.\"If one recalled development related to deferring the exam, it started on first day of Senate on November 3, but pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie hadn't taken any decision on it. On second day when the decision was made, Yenkie and Ramteke both vehemently opposed it, but VC was adamant on his stand and postponed the exam,\" he said. He added that even dean Ravindra Kshirsagar in an effort to please the private colleges declared in the Academic Council that the colleges will complete the 90-day syllabus within 30 days, which was surprising.The official lamented poor fate of engineering faculty despite the fact that all three top officials - VC, pro-VC and CoE - hailed from same background and were pursued education from renowned institutions like IIT, LIT and VNIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355747", "title": "South Central Railway to run 36 Sabarimala specials", "text": "HYDERABAD: South Central Railway has announced 36 special trains from Hyderabad to Kollam via Kazipet Renigunta and also via Nadikudi, Guntur and Reniguta to clear the extra rush of passengers and pilgrims heading to Sabarimalai.Hyderabad-Kollam (via Kazipet, Renigunta) will leave from Hyderabad at 3.55 pm on December 12,15, 18, 23 and January 4, 5, 7, 8, 11, 12, 14, 15, 2013, to arrive in Kollam at 10.15 pm the next day. In the return direction, Kollam-Hyderabad train will depart Kollam at 12.15 am on December 14, 17, 20, 25 and January 6, 7, 9, 10, 13, 14, 16, 17, 2013 to arrive in Hyderabad at 6 am the next day.Hyderabad-Kollam (via Kazipet, Renigunta) will depart from Hyderabad at 3.55 pm on December 16, 31 and on January 3, 6, 10,13, 2013 to arrive in Kollam at 10.15 pm the next day. In the return direction, Kollam-Hyderabad train will depart from Kollam at 12.15 am on December 18 and on January 2, 5, 8, 12, 15, 2013 to arrive in Hyderabad at 6 am the next day.Hyderabad-Kollam special train (via. Nadikudi, Guntur, Renigunta) will leave from Hyderabad at 3.55 pm on December 30 and on January 2, 2013 to arrive in Kollam at 10.15 pm the next day. In the return direction, Kollam-Hyderabad train will depart from Kollam at 12.15 am on January 1,4, 2013 to arrive in Hyderabad at 5.10 am the next day.Hyderabad-Kollam (via. Nadikudi, Guntur, Renigunta) train will depart from Hyderabad at 3.55 pm on December 13 and on January 16 to arrive in Kollam at 10.15 pm the next day. In the return direction, Kollam-Hyderabad train will depart from Kollam at 12.15 am on December 15, 21 and on January 18, 2013 to arrive in Hyderabad at 5.10 am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17355126", "title": "Calangute VP to use ex-hearse to collect trash", "text": "CALANGUTE: Ending weeks of uncertainty over who would clear the daily garbage generated by beach shacks, the Calangute village panchayat this week finally started collecting garbage from the beach shacks.Talking to STOI, Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira said that they have modified a van which was earlier being used as a hearse, and converted it into a garbage-collecting van.\"We're only clearing the garbage from the beach shacks,\" he said. \"Most of it is wet waste and is taken straight to the composting site. The garbage is being collected everyday from 7 am to 4 pm. The tourism department has to still keep the rest of the beach clean,\" he added.The garbage problem on the beach had assumed hazardous dimensions of late because of failure by the contractor appointed by the tourism department to clear the garbage generated by beach shacks. The contractor had been unable to do so since they did not have a proper garbage disposal site, with the village panchayat refusing to allow him to use their dumping site.Because of the possible negative impact on tourism in Calangute due to the garbage, the village panchayat and the tourism department has worked out a compromise of sorts, it is learnt. According to Sequeira, the tourism department has agreed to pay the panchayat around 20-lakh per season for collecting the garbage from beach shacks, while the job of clearing the beach will continue to be done by the tourism department-appointed contractor. This project in Calangute is on a trial basis, and if it is effective in clearing the beach of garbage, then the tourism department may entrust the clearing of garbage on other beaches, too, to the respective village panchayats, a senior official with the tourism department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17356544", "title": "NCC cadets showcase their talent in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: As part of the 65th National Cadet Corps (NCC) Day celebrations, cadets from schools and colleges staged demonstrations of warfare on Saturday. The cadets also took out three awareness rallies in the city about pollution, cancer and anti-plastics.More than 350 cadets both girls and boys attached to Rockfort NCC group in Trichy participated in the NCC day celebrations. The warfare demonstration and the display of model aircraft conducted in St John Vestry Higher Secondary School grounds attracted everyone. The cadets showed their talent in Aeromodelling shows and a model battlefield. A control line mini-aircraft and remote control models were used for Aeromodelling shows. The static aeromodels of fighter and transport aircraft were on display.\"The aircraft have been designed by the NCC cadets attached to 3 (TN) AIR SQN with financial support from the NCC. It costs about Rs 30,000 to Rs 35,000 to make a model aircraft. The cadets might get a chance to perform during the Republic Day celebrations in New Delhi,\" said R Sundararaman, flight lieutenant.Likewise, cadets attached to 2 (TN) Battalion NCC cadets performed a show about a battlefield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356856", "title": "Blood test that can predict death, with terrifying accuracy", "text": "A blood test to determine how fast someone is ageing has been shown to work on a population of wild birds, the first time the ageing test has been used successfully on animals living outside a laboratory setting.The test measures the average length of tiny structures on the tips of chromosomes called telomeres which are known to get shorter each time a cell divides during an organism's lifetime.Telomeres are believed to act like internal clocks by providing a more accurate estimate of a person's true biological age rather than their actual chronological age.This has led some experts to suggest that telomere tests could be used to estimate not only how fast someone is ageing, but possibly how long they have left to live if they die of natural causes.Now scientists have performed telomere tests on an isolated population of songbirds living on an island in the Seychelles and found that the test does indeed accurately predict an animal's likely lifespan.\"We saw that telomere length is a better indicator of life expectancy than chronological age. So by measuring telomere length we have a way of estimating the biological age of an individual \u00e2\u20ac\u201d how much of its life it has used up,\" said David Richardson of the University of East Anglia.The researchers tested the average telomere lengths of a population of 320 Seychelles Warblers living on the remote Cousin Island.\"Our results provide the first clear and unambiguous evidence of a relationship between telomere length and mortality in the wild, and substantiate the prediction that telomere length and shortening rate can act as an indicator of biological age further to chronological age,\" says the study published in the journal Molecular Ecology .The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355643", "title": "Medicines worth Rs 10L seized", "text": "PATNA: The Government Rail Police (GRP) on Saturday seized medicines worth Rs 10 lakh from the parcel van of Haridwar-Howrah Express at Patna Junction.The 215 cartons of cough syrup were unloaded by the parcel wagon manager Adnan Ahmed alias Lucky at platform number 4 of Patna junction station. Drug inspector Ajay Kumar Singh said each cartons was full of a costly cough syrup which is a scheduled drug. Documents supporting the purchase were not found. \"We have collected the sample of the medicines and would verify the quality of the drug,\" he said.According to GRP inspector Ram Pukar Singh, this particular cough syrup is in high demand in countries like Nepal and Bangladesh. The wagon managers take the lease orders and hand over the parcel to the carriers. From Patna the carriers carry the medicines by road to Nepal while from Howrah the medicines are sent to Bangladesh.An FIR has been lodged in this connection against Sandip Kumar Tarar, the lease holder of the parcels. Lucky has been detained by the GRP. Tarar is a native of Haridwar while Lucky is a resident of Kumhrar in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17356796", "title": "Vigil intensified to ensure proper LPG distribution", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district supply office, here, has directed the taluk supply offices to strictly monitor gas agencies across the district against the backdrop of frequent complaints regarding the distribution of LPG cylinders.District collector, district supply officer and taluk supply officers have been receiving complaints from consumers regarding irregularities in the dealings of gas agencies.Over 70 complaints against a single gas agency at Koodathayi had reached district collector K V Mohankumar. Delay in distribution, distribution of cylinder violating the seniority list and laxity in giving receipt and pocketing of government subsidy were alleged against the agency.According to officials with the district supply office, strike at the Indian Oil Corporation's gas filling centre at Chelari has worsened the cooking gas distribution system. Of the 24 authorized gas agencies in the district many fail to meet the demand of consumers owing to shortage of LPG cylinders, they added.\"We have been conducting regular inspections at gas agencies. However, with the inflow of complaints we are asked to intensify the vigil,\" said Koyilandi taluk supply officer C Mohanadasan.\"Following the directions of district collector, we have conducted inspection at the office of the gas agency at Koodathayi and have submitted a report to the district supply officer T P Kammad Kutty,\" said N Rajagopalan Nair, taluk supply officer, Kozhikode.\"Report regarding irregularities in the operation of a gas agency at Kuttiady has been submitted to the district supply office,\" said K Manoj Kumar, taluk supply officer-in charge, Vadakara. \"We have only four agencies in our limit and many of the agencies have over 30,000 connections, making it difficult for them to distribute cooking gas on time,\" he said.The agencies opt for zone-wise distribution of gas cylinders rather than seniority-based distribution and this has invited public ire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17356462", "title": "27 held for visiting Idinthakarai", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: As many as 27 activists belonging to Jamaat-e-Islami and Kerala Solidarity Youth Movement including two women were detained by the Tamil Nadu police when they were returning to Kerala after visiting Idinthakarai on Saturday evening.They were taken to Pazhavur police station and interrogated. A statement from the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy said the arrested activists include Kerala president of Jamaat-e-Islami Arif Ali, Tamil Nadu Jamaat-e-Islami president Masthan Ali, Solidarity Youth Movement president P I Nowshad, secretary Mohammed Velom, Kerala Solidarity activist and PHF activist N Subramanian.The group includes two women, J Devika and Magline Peter from Trivandrum and four journalists. The detained people came in five vehicles and visited Idinthakarai several times in the past too.\"There is no prohibitory orders in effect in the Idinthakarai area and there is no reason why peaceful and nonviolent supporters of the Kudankulam movement should be detained and harassed like this. PMANE condemns this high-handed behaviour of the Tamil Nadu police and the state and central governments of India,\" said the statement from PMANE.Police said they have not arrested anyone so far, but are only interrogating them.The detention is one of several such acts by the police to prevent people with anti-nuclear credentials from reaching Idinthakarai. The long list of people prevented from reaching Idinthakarai and meeting people protesting against Kudankulam nuclear plant includes CPM leader V S Achuthanandan, Australian documentary filmmaker David Bradbury and a Japanese national named Maya Kobioshi.\"Police are bent upon thwarting the protest against the Kudankulam nuclear plant,\" alleged an activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17355928", "title": "Govt reviews Dreamliner training plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day TOI reported complete trust deficit between erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines pilots that has led to IA pilots refusing to get trained on the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner by their AI counterparts, the government acted and set in motion a complete review of the airline training process.Aviation minister Ajit Singh on Friday directed the DGCA to immediately put in place an institutional mechanism so that the candidates not satisfied with their exam results get a proper redressal forum by filing for a review and appeal. \"Ajit Singh has also asked the DGCA to standardize the present system in such a manner so that the discretion available with the examiners may be minimized. The DGCA has also been asked to issue detailed guidelines in this regard... ,\" a statement issued by the aviation ministry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17355153", "title": "Mayor promises amenities to ward", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh, who visited prabhag 52 of CIDCO division along with civic officials on Saturday, has said that all issues related to civic amenities would be resolved soon.Wagh and local corporator Sudam Kombde along with those in charge of electricity, water supply, roads, garbage vans, and other departments in the division were in the area for four hours and heard the grievances of the residents.\"It is the largest ward among all spanning 42 km and has a host of problems. Water supply is scanty and irregular, street lights are not functioning, garbage vans are irregular, the area is unclean, and roads are very bad. People spoke to the mayor who said that all their problems will be addressed,\" said Kombde.Wagh said he will conduct a meeting of all the department heads to discus the issues. \"All important works will be done at the earliest. We will float tenders soon and get the works done,\" the mayor said.Kombde said he would follow up the matter and get amenities for the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17358912", "title": "Randhir withdraws nomination from IOA elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversial Indian Olympic Association elections took a dramatic turn with Randhir Singh announcing that he will withdraw his nomination for the post of President.Randhir will meet Returning Officer Justice V K Bali at 3:00 pm to withdraw his nomination, adding a new twist to the December 5 polls which have seen a bitter campaign between the rival factions of owing allegiance to Randhir and Abhay Singh Chautala.Randhir told PTI that he has been \"pained\" by the \"slanderous campaign\" that has been carried out against him and said that has prompted him to pull out of the elections.\"There has been a slanderous and malicious campaign against me by some people in the IOA. I will expose them but I do not want to stoop to that level,\" said Randhir.He said his rivals have been raising the issue that an IOC member cannot contest the elections, but there are no provisions in the IOA Constitution which bar an IOC member from contesting.\"They have been raising such issues just to prevent me from contesting. I am a former shooter who has represented the country and I am not a person who hankers for positions. I have been in sports administration for long and there allegation that I am hankering for this position will be proved wrong,\" he said.\"In India, there are lot of people who can take up such positions and can do a good job as well ,\" he added.Randhir also claimed that he has the numbers to win the elections if he had contested, but insisted that the kind of atmosphere that has been created and the level of personal allegations has forced him to withdraw.Randhir said the elections which will be held as per the government sports code will make it difficult for him since he has represented the IOC in India and stands for the Olympic Charter.Randhir's withdrawal comes barely a few days before the December 5 elections, which have been mired in controversy over which of the two -- the government's Sports Code or the Olympic Charter -- should be followed.The IOC has made it clear that the IOA would be suspended if elections are held as per the government guidelines, which put a cap on the age and tenure of office-bearers. The body has given IOA time till November 30 to clarify its stand on the issue.After receiving the IOC's communique, IOA acting President V K Malhotra has sought Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention to resolve the matter.\"Given the gravity of situation, as the fate of thousands of Indian sportspersons is linked with it, I sincerely appeal to you to immediately ask the Sports Ministry to withdraw this Sports Code,\" Malhotra had written in the letter to the Prime Minister.But the Returning Officer has insisted that elections will be held under the government guidelines as per the Delhi High Court ruling.The elections were earlier postponed following the resignation of S Y Quraishi as chairman of the IOA election committee. The poll process got back on track with the appointment of Justice Anil Dev Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356465", "title": "Corporation related to IT works in Haryana gets fourth head in 6 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After shifting whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka from Hartron, a corporation to handle IT-related projects, two months after his posting, the Haryana government on Friday transferred his successor Nitin Yadav just four months after he took charge.A Haryana civil services officer, Vivek Atrey, will be the next managing director of the corporation. With this appointment, the corporation will have its fourth managing director in just six months. The state government on May 20 had transferred then managing director of the corporation Ankur Gupta and replaced him with Ashok Khemka. Khemka, who had exposed various alleged irregularities in the corporation, was transferred within 50 days of his appointment to land consolidation department.\"There was a nexus to award software development works of petty nature without tenders to selected companies at inflated rates of Rs 25 to 50 lakh each, whereas the rudimentary software development work could have been done in-house or through NIC,\" Khemka had stated in a communication to the state chief secretary on October 12.Apart from Hartron, Atrey will also handle two more cadre (mainly meant for IAS officers) posts - director of supplies and disposals, joint secretary and director of electronics and information technology. The post of joint secretary is usually occupied by a senior IAS officer. Earlier, Atrey had handled IT department of Chandigarh administration as its director. Khemka had recently hogged headlines for cancelling the mutation of a land deal between Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and DLF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354383", "title": "Unmukt, Shikhar put Delhi on top in Ranji Trophy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu captain Lakshmipathy Balaji called right at the toss on the first morning of their Ranji Trophy Group B game against Delhi on Saturday.And that was the only thing that went their way in the entire day after Balaji decided to bowl on a deceivingly green Ferozeshah Kotla wicket. By stumps, the visitors were looking at a scoreboard screaming a deflating 287/1 in 80 overs.The day, however, belonged to India's U-19 World Cup winning skipper Unmukt Chand . Facing the heat after a longish lull spell in first-class cricket, Unmukt finally made a start count and remained unbeaten on 134 at the end of the day's play.The relieved 19-year-old batted through the day for the first time at the first-class level. Already having a bucketful of runs under his belt, skipper Shikhar Dhawan too ended his dry run for Delhi in the Ranji Trophy by notching up his century as the opening pair put up 205 runs for the first wicket.On a personal front, the century took a long time coming for Unmukt after his whirlwind knock of 151 against Railways two years ago. And with the under-19 World Cup in the bag, he concedes that he felt the pressure during the India 'A' tour to New Zealand immediately after that.\"I knew everyone is watching me after winning the World Cup. I was a bit shaky in my approach. But now, I have settled down. We had set small targets for the day and that helped me play out the day,\" said the 19-year-old. Well, he is played enough televised cricket to deal with the limelight.To their credit, Dhawan and Unmukt saw off the first hour and half scoring about 40 runs. The strokes started to come out and the scoreboard started ticking like a taxi's meter.And it continued even after Dhawan lost his leg-stump trying to cut the left-arm spin of Aushik Srinivas just before tea. Mohit Sharma started timing the ball from the word go and was there at stumps on 40.The pitch looked green and offered bounce. Besides that, it turned out to be a sleeping beauty after the first hour.With true bounce in the wicket and the ball not deviating much, the temptation was always there for the openers to unleash their strokes on the bowlers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356409", "title": "A youth festival for the students, by the students", "text": "KOCHI: The 53rd edition of the state school arts festival will literally be a from-the-students for-the-students affair.For, the state government has asked schools to collect \"voluntary\" donation from schoolchildren to host the week-long event beginning in Malappuram from January 14. Around 12,000 students are expected to compete in as many as 232 events.Headmasters of government, aided and unaided schools 8following the state syllabus have been asked to collect Rs 5 from students in classes V to XII towards the conduct of the 8festival.More than 31 lakh students study in classes V to XII in government schools. This will help government raise nearly Rs 1.55 crore. Incidentally, the cost of conducting the event is estimated at Rs 1.20 crore.\"Of this, Rs 40 lakh will be given by the DPI. We also invite sponsorships,'' said %O Shoukathali, publicity committee 8convener.About the students' voluntary contribution, director of public instruction (DPI) A Shahjahan said it needn't be %seen as an arts fest fee. \"It is a donation from students. The festival is designed to be run by students and schools. The state government has no role to play in it,\" %he said.Confirming that idea is a first in the history of arts fest, Kerala Private Secondary School Headmasters Association secretary, PJ Jose said: \"DPI was facing a shortage of funds. It was decided to collect Rs 5 and the decision is based on a consensus reached by teachers union.''Most of the students have contributed their share. It is being forwarded by schools to DPI through district education offices.In a related development, the DPI had issued a circular to schools to collect 'donation' from students for sports and physical activities fund. The circular states, \"In order to organize state and national sports festival, collection of donation is permitted from students at the rate of Rs 5 from classes V to VII and Rs 10 from classes VIII to X\".It is likely that a cool Rs 2.12 crore would be soon in DPI coffers as the government continues to encourage participatory policy in conducting extracurricular events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17356525", "title": "PIL seeks ban on caste celebrations, processions", "text": "MADURAI: M Seeni Ahamed, state-level organizing secretary of National League Party, has sought three prayers including a ban on processions and celebration of caste leaders anniversary functions by way of a Public Interest Litigation petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.In his petition, he pointed out that untoward incidents took place during the death anniversaries of Immanuel Sekaran and Thevar Jayanthi celebrations, which could have been avoided.The petitioner also contended that law and order was worsening in the state and the police acted in a biased manner during such processions, failing to prevent the Thevar Guru Pooja procession in the prohibited route.Rs.5 crore-worth property of a particular community was ransacked in Ramanathapuram district by anti-social elements during Thevar Guru Pooja procession and one person even succumbed to injuries, the petitioner said.A direction was sought to the state to give Rs 10 lakh compensation and a government job to the victim's kin and to ban processions and celebration of caste functions in the state.The matter came up before the division bench comprising justices K N Basha and P Devadass on Friday.The bench asked the petitioner's side to file a petition with a fresh prayer and adjourned the matter to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356159", "title": "Three labourers killed in methane gas leak", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three laborers died when methane leaked out of a gas tank at the distillery unit of a sugar mill in Bijnore district of Uttar Pradesh in the wee-hours of Saturday. The incident came to light on Saturday morning when locals noticed a pungent smell emanating from a sugar mill situated in Siyohra locality of Bijnore district and informed the local police.Police reached the site and were searching for the source of the nauseating odor when they came across three laborers lying unconscious near a gas tank in the distillery section of the sugar mill.The three laborers, later identified as Jagdish Prasad (52) of Milkiyana and Lokesh Kumar (23) of Mardaiyya locality both in Bijnore district itself and Pradeep Kumar (24) of Muzaffarnagar, were rushed to the hospital where they died during the course of treatment.Their bodies were sent for post mortem examination and a case was lodged in connection with the incident.Police said preliminary investigations have revealed that a leak had developed in the gas tank due to a technical fault which made methane gas emanate and result in the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354850", "title": "Thackeray wouldn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t have liked memorial at Shivaji Park: Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after CM Chavan took a firm stand on memorial for late Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park, Congress on Saturday pressed its stand on the issue.State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre on Saturday said that while the party was not averse to a memorial, it was of the view that it should not come up at Shivaji Park. Thakre said the park had been named after warrior Chhatrapati Shivaji and should not be used for a memorial of any other leader.Party spokesperson Sachin Sawant said, \"Balasaheb revered the warrior and Sena's politics has revolved around him. Even he (Thackeray) would not have liked Shivaji Park to be mired in controversy.\"On Friday, the CM had said his initial reading of the law was that a memorial could not be permitted at Shivaji Park, which is seen by the Bombay HC as a playground. While claiming that no formal proposal had been placed before him, the CM said he was unwilling to go beyond the legal framework.A senior Congress minister said the CM had reservations about a memorial on \"public land\". Citing that suggestions had come from certain quarters of setting up a Thackeray memorial at Kohinoor mill or Matoshree, Sawant said the party would express its stand on these at an appropriate time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17360132", "title": "Seek God's intervention with toy plane to get visa", "text": "JALANDHAR: What does a toy plane have to do inside a shrine? Well, if it is Shaheed Baba Nihal Singh Gurudwara, the toy is at the heart of prayers of those who are seeking visa to go abroad.Strange it may sound though but this Gurudwara in the tiny village of Talhan, about 12 km from Jalandhar, has made people believe that if you wish to go abroad, you offer prayers along with a toy aeroplane and it will be answered. On Sundays, the Gurudwara management find anything between 80 and 100 toy aeroplanes inside the first-floor hall of the Sikh shrine although it ridicules the idea as superstition.No surprise that the shrine is now popularly known as 'Hawaijahaj' (aeroplane) gurudwara. \"We don't know how it all started. We do not support superstitions. But we can't stop people from doing it. We can just guide them but if somebody believes in such things, let it be,\" said Balvir Singh, the manager of the shrine.Even as Balvir puts forth his views, the CCTV cameras in his room catch a young couple with an aircraft miniature in their hands, entering the worship hall. They spend about five minutes and emerge out after offering the toy along with their prayer. The young man is an agriculturist from Kapurtthala, 33 km from this Gurudwara, and wishes to go to UK with his wife. \"I know the prayers are answered here. I am sure I will get visa,\" said 27-year-old Arminder Singh, who chose to pay a visit to this Gurudwara before sending his visa application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354330", "title": "SBI presses for quick repair of defunct lifts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after a 68-year-old woman had sustained injuries after falling from the staircase of the State Bank of India , the bank swung into action on Saturday and took steps to restore the two defunct lifts in the building.The SBI Head of Department (HOD) branch shot off a letter to the Directorate of Treasures and Inspection, which owns the five-storeyed building, requesting it to immediately restore the two lifts.The Times of India on Saturday carried a report highlighting the plight of bank customers, mostly senior citizens, who are forced to climb up to the fifth floor of the building for pension related works at the bank's special treasury section. The two lifts of the building are lying dysfunctional for a long time, sources said.\"We have drawn the attention of the treasury directorate to the inconvenience faced by the visitors,\" branch manager Arun Kumar Behera told TOI.\"The treasury department is responsible for the maintenance of the building. For no fault of our own, the bank is earning a bad name. The treasury director has been urged to ensure expedition of the repair of lifts,\" Behera said.Narayan Sethi, a treasury officer engaged to look after the building, said electrical engineers had not taken the repair work seriously. \"We had initiated attempts earlier and informed the electrical division, but to no avail,\" Sethi said.Electrical division's executive engineer Satyajit Ray said the repair work would start soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356692", "title": "Turn any TV into a Smart TV", "text": "So you have a regular TV and are looking to upgrade to a 'Smart TV' that offers basic internet services like email, social networking and web browsing. Guess what? You don't have to spend a bomb. A new breed of smart boxes is blurring the lines between computers and televisions, at a fraction of the cost of a Smart TV. Some come preloaded with Android, while others offer desktop operating systems like Windows and Linux. Here are a few of the new ways to...What is a Smart Box?A Smart Box is a little device that runs a smart operating system like Android, Windows or Linux Ubuntu. It usually connects to a TV via HDMI, comes with USB ports to connect external hard drives or pen drives, and features Wi-Fi connectivity that allows users to go online and access email, social networks, photo and video services and other web pages. The box itself can be operated using a keyboard and mouse, or a remote control.Portronics LimeboxRuns on Android 2.3 GingerbreadWhat we like'Cute' isn't a word we usually use to describe a gadget, but that's exactly what the Limebox is, with its florescent green-white body and pizza slice-like shape. If you like funky, the Limebox will be a hit. Unlike many other manufacturers, Portronics has thrown in a remote control with a convenient button to switch the Limebox on and off, saving you the trouble of getting out of your chair - makes a world of a difference when watching TV shows or movies. Among the two Android boxes, the Limebox is clearly the better performer. Even a FullHD MKV file - a heavier format than MP4 or AVI - ran smoothly, allowing us to seamlessly scan through videos, fast forward or rewind. Once connected to Wi-Fi , it even played FullHD YouTube videos without a hiccup.What we didn't likeLimebox has a custom home screen meant to be used with its remote, but beyond that, it's plain old Android that doesn't work as well with smart boxes as it does with phones. The lack of a mouse or a keyboard does hurt its usability. The remote is great when you want to use media, but the arrow keys are painful to scroll around or type each letter with. And hey, how do you play Angry Birds if you don't have a mouse or a touchscreen?Few apps from the Play Store work well. Preloaded apps like Documents To Go and Angry Birds worked fine, but others - Dead Trigger, PicsArt, Stick Tennis, Flow - wouldn't run properly or not download at all.Specs: 1.2GHz Rockchip processor | 512MB RAM | 4GB internal memory, SD card slot (up to 32GB) | 2xUSB2.0, optical audio, HDMI, Composite (RGB) AV port | built-in Wi-Fi , Ethernet port | 190x150x78 mmRating: 6/10 Price: Rs 8,499Zotac Zbox Nano XS AD11No OS Pre-installedWhat we likeIt's tiny! No really, you have to see it to realise how tiny it is. It's a 4x4-inch gizmo (about 2 inches in height) that makes for a pretty nifty-looking gadget. Don't let the size fool you, the XS AD11 is a full PC that can take anything you throw at it. Add a keyboard and mouse, and you can even use it as a desktop. It boots up quickly (thanks to its SSD) and runs Windows 7 smoothly. Heavy-duty gaming or image editing does slow it down to a crawl, but it managed to play some new games - Prototype 2, Need For Speed: Most Wanted - on medium to low settings without stuttering. Zotac has bundled a Windows Media Center remote control as well as a web cam for Skype calls. But the Media Center remote only makes sense if you have Windows installed - which brings us to the worst part about the XS AD11...What we didn't likeThe lack of a preloaded operating system is a huge problem. The Zbox Nano starts seeming a little overpriced when you add the cost of a Windows license. And if you're loading up a free operating system like Linux Ubuntu, setting up the remote control isn't easy for an average user. Make no mistake about it, the XS AD11 is a full-fledged PC - but what's a PC without a mouse and a keyboard? Those are additional costs again, and you'll ideally want wireless variants of both. The four USB ports at the back quickly get used up by a keyboard, mouse, Wi-Fi dongle and webcam, leaving only the eSATA/USB combo port at the front. Too little.Specs: 1.65GHz Dual-Core AMD E450 processor | AMD Radeon HD 6320 graphics | 2GB RAM | 64GB mSATA SSD | 2xUSB2.0, 2xUSB3.0, eSATA/USB2.0 combo, 3.5mm audio out, 3.5mm audio in, HDMI, 6-in-1 memory card reader | Wi-Fi dongle, Ethernet port | 106x106x37 mmRating: 6.5/ 10 Price: Rs 25,400  Akai Smart BoxRuns on Android 2.3 GingerbreadWhat we like", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17357943", "title": "Abhay Deol takes a dig at Bollywood awards", "text": "Taking a dig at the numerous Bollywood awards, actor Abhay Deol said Saturday that most awards are either rigged or actors attend them because they are paid for their presence.\"Talk to any actor off record and he will tell you, you either go because you are winning an award or you go because you are getting paid. Otherwise, you don't go,\" Abhay said during an interactive session at a film festival event.\"In that case, pay me and I'll perform. If you tell me you are awarding talent, then no. It is just an exercise in appeasing those you have worked with or appeasing those you want to work with,\" he said candidly.He recalled an instance from 2009 when his movie \"Dev D\", a radical take on the iconic \"Devdas\" film, rocked the theatres, and despite an electrifying and a well-appreciated performance, Abhay was not nominated for any awards.\"I was promoting 'Road, Movie' at an award function and no one wanted to talk to me about 'Road...'. The entire press wanted to know why I wasn't selected for an award. And I said, 'It was a family fare. If you are part of the family, then you will get it.' And I stick by that,\" Abhay said.\"The validation that I might be doing something right is the fact that I didn't get the award,\" he joked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359188", "title": "Paresh Rawal likely to produce another film", "text": "Director Umesh Shukla says Paresh Rawal , who turned producer with \"Oh My God!\", will produce his tentatively titled \"Lukka Chuppi\", a comedy.Shukla is scripting the film and told IANS: \"I am scripting four films right now and one film will be produced by Paresh Rawal. It's a comedy and it is in the scripting stage. Paresh will play the protagonist in my film.\"According to Shukla, the film will go on the floors \"in 2013 and the film is tentatively titled Lukka Chuppi .\"Shukla made his directorial debut with Oh My God , which was co-produced by Ashvini Yardi, Akshay Kumar and Paresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359487", "title": "Styles may introduce Swift to parents", "text": "Singer Harry Styles seems to be pretty serious about his relationship with Taylor Swift as he reportedly plans to introduce her to his parents.Styles, 19, and Swift, 22, who split earlier this year, are said to have rekindled their romance.Styles, member of One Direction band, has invited Taylor to a party in New York which will also be attended by his parents.\"He's been very hush-hush about Taylor but this is the perfect chance to introduce her to them,\" thesun.co.uk quoted a source as saying.Styles and Swift had separated after the former was caught kissing a model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354398", "title": "Hungry nights", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Planning to eat, drink and party till late into the night during the Christmas and year-end festivities? Think twice before you chalk out your plans. For, while you have the luxury of choosing from a number of joints where you can drink, dance and have fun, you may not find a descent place where you can have a quick night bite. At a time when night life in Bhubaneswar is getting more active with each passing day, the capital city badly needs a night food street where one can have descent affordable street food even at midnight.A night food street comprises kiosks of food stalls, which open only during the night. Among other cities, Chandigarh has such a street in front of Panjab University and Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research. It is planning another such street in Sector 48 of the city. If the odisha capital plans such a street, it would have a massive response, residents feel.When asked about this, mayor Ananta Narayan Jena found absence of night food joints a valid concern. \"We will look into the concept of night food streets and try to create one here on experimental basis. I will take up the matter at the corporation level soon,\" Jena said.Generally, municipal bodies set up such food kiosks and allot it to private parties through bidding. Since it functions during the night, security is a concern. Policemen are posted in adequate numbers to ensure security. Central locations are chosen so that it is easily accessible. A night food street will be beneficial for both traders and the civic body, as it will generate revenue for both.Biswajit Mitra, organizing secretary of Bapuji Nagar Nagarik Committee, said such a concept could work anywhere on the Janpath. \"The BMC should consider Mahatma Gandhi Marg in front of railway station as a possible location if it is planning to come up with a night food street. While it is strategically located, people will feel safe eating out here during late hours,\" Mitra added. Bapuji Nagar is among the busiest commercial areas in the city.Youths feel such a concept will be an instant hit. \"A pub or a bar is not a place where one would hit every night. Night birds like me would love to go such food joints. I have no other option but to eat bread or self-made noodles in the night when I return home late,\" said Raghav Jha, a corporate employee.A section of people, however, sounded cautious about such a plan. \"The concept is good. But it has to be executed properly. These streets may turn into hooligans' dens if night patrolling by police is not made strict,\" said Piyush Rout, an urban management consultant.\"Cleanliness of these places should also be a top priority. Locations for night food streets must also be selected in a way such that these don't disturb the peace of local residents,\" said Pyarimohan Senapati, an NGO consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354665", "title": "Black flag processions to mark Ashura Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Black flags will overshadow certain parts of the city on Sunday. Lakhs of Shia Muslims are set to observe Ashura, the tenth day of Moharram, with 'taziya' processions and bouts of self-flagellation.From Bhendi Bazar to Byculla, Bandra to Yari Road, Muslims are preparing for the closing 'matam' (mourning session). Women participate in prayer gatherings, albeit in separate enclosures. Loudspeakers and drumbeats continue well into the night. \"We seek police permission and are not interrupted by anti-noise activists,\" says an organizer.Men, women and children kept prayer vigil through the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday. \"We observe 'faaqa', that is we eat nothing until 4pm on Ashura day, the moment that marks the martyrdom of Imam Hussain and his clan of 72 followers in the Battle of Karbala,\" said Yari Road resident Shaheen Zaidi who will visit her parents' home in Bhendi Bazar to join the congregation.Her husband, scholar Javed Ali Zaidi, praises local non-Muslims for not only co-operating with the mourners but even joining them in 'matam'. Indeed Bhendi Bazar is at the heart of the commemoration. Three to four lakh people melt into one big 'juloos' (procession) that wends its way to the Rehmatabad graveyard at Mazgaon. \"Elsewhere, taziyas are buried, but for lack of space in Mumbai we dismantle them or fold them up,\" says 'majlis' anchor Kausar Zaidi.Veteran cleric Maulana Mirza Mohammed Athar from Lucknow has been officiating at Moghul Masjid in Bhendi Bazar since a record 55 years. \"Ashura instructs believers to revolt against injustice. You cannot cheat or massacre innocent people and expect to enter heaven where pleasures await you,\" said the maulana whose Moharram sermons are telecast worldwide.Smaller gatherings are held across housing colonies. Opposite Andheri Sports Complex, the residents of Cheval Class invited Maulana Noorali Abedi from Junnar for their 10-day event. \"We have put up 'alams' (flags) and a poster narrating the story of Karbala at the entrance of the society,\" says property owner Sarfaraz Merchant who will join a 'juloos' in Yari Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358153", "title": "Hollywood villain for Suriya", "text": "Director Hari, Suriya, Anushka and Hansika have been shooting in Chennai and Tuticorin for the film for the last 30 days. Now, the team will be heading to South Africa (SA). Hari says, \"The story travels from Tuticorin to South Africa. We are planning to shoot a very prominent fight sequence with a new villain in South Africa.\"Prakash Raj played a significant villainous role in the prequel but Hari is currently looking for another bigger and better villain. Apparently, he is trying to rope in a Hollywood actor for the negative role. He says, \"We are trying to get a renowned Hollywood actor for the film. It is not yet finalized. Once we get him on board, the film will proceed further in a brisk pace.\" He further adds, \"Singam 2 is the continuation from Singam climax. There will not be much change in characterizations.\"Hari adds, \"The SA action scenes will be power-packed stunt scenes in the film. In Singam 2, Suriya will be more aggressive and energetic than the first one. So, SA will be ideal for a fiery action sequence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355754", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority plans to clean Hussainsagar in one year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hussainsagar can be cleaned in the next one year but not without the support and participation of people, said officials of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) on Saturday. The authorities also announced how it intends to clean up the historic lake.In its first meeting, the 'Clean Hussainsagar' forum discussed plans to not just clean Hyderabad's largest water body of all pollutants but also to ensure that it is not 'infected' again in the future. Apart from government bodies, the forum, which already has over 300 members, will include representatives from civil society groups, industry bodies and other concerned citizens.Though the clean Hussainsagar mission started in 2007 with assistance from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), it unfortunately ran into roadblocks and delays. \"This time however we intend to launch the campaign in letter and spirit,\" said Neerabh Kumar Prasad, commissioner of HMDA, who appealed to all participants to come forward and contribute in cleaning the water body. \"Right from walkathons, runs, workshops and awareness drives, all initiatives are welcome,\" Prasad said.On its part, the HMDA is believed to have commenced work by setting up sewerage treatment plants (STPs) to improve the quality of water flowing into the lake. It has also taken up the task of creating interceptions and diversions (IND structures) to ensure that the effluent-carrying canals (nalas) currently joining the Hussainsagar are disconnected from the water body.\"At present, the Hussainsagar loses anywhere between 30-35 million litres of water in way of seepage everyday. Our aim should be to plug that,\" said Vivek Deshmukh, chief engineer, HMDA. He added that of the three STPs being commissioned (of 30 MLD, 20 MLD and 5 MLD capacity), the 20 MLD plant will treat effluents to a tertiary level to make the water almost potable.Other plans include setting up of eco-parks along the Hussainsagar and uplifting sanitary conditions in the 22 slums located in and around the lake. \"Right now the oxygen levels in the water are so poor that the lake does not have any life. We hope to restore that,\" an official said.While the suggestions and roadmap laid down by the government body was appreciated by the NGOs participating in the event, the members maintained that it was more important to nab the 'main culprits' behind the pollution of the water body before setting out to save it.\"City's large-scale industries are responsible for the death of the lake and unfortunately, many of them enjoy government support. Unless these people are brought to book for discharging toxic chemicals into the water body, Hussainsagar cannot be cleaned or protected,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL).Civil society groups, along with organizations such as Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) also pledged support to the cause taken up by HMDA in all possible ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356417", "title": "Lure of levy drives Red splinter groups", "text": "RANCHI: Levy collection in the garb of Naxalism is a thriving business in the state today. The growth in the number of such outfits is proof of that. Police records show that 17 such outfits are actively operating in the state, the latest entrant being the Indian Army Tiger. The group is active in Lohardaga, Gumla and Simdega district.Police held two members of the outfit and seized fire arms, cartridges, mobile phones and a stolen motorcycle from Lohardaga, recently. According to a rough estimate, total levy collection by these outfits including CPI (Maoist), People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and Jharkhand Liberation Tiger is no less than Rs 200 - Rs 250 crore per annum, said a source in the police department.\"These outfits are flourishing in the state because of its complex topography, thick forest cover and mining activity in remote areas. It is not possible for security forces to be present at every place, especially the interiors of forests where large-scale mining is going on. The members of rebel outfits like Indian Army Tiger and Village Public Liberation Army manage to extract levy from mines and transporters,\" said a source.During police interrogation, two members of India Army Tiger, confessed that the organization was trying to expand its base in other districts of Jharkhand and some bordering districts of Chattisgarh as well. The main reason being opportunity of levy collection from companies involved in mining and transportation activities in remote areas, sources said.\"Just a threat call is enough to get Rs 5,000 from a businessman or a mining company as denial may lead to a huge loss. Businessmen believe that payment of Rs 5,000 every three or four month is not a problem till their equipment worth lakhs of rupees are safe,\" said the source.Jharkhand police spokesman IG S N Pradhan, however, expressed confidence that the problem would become a thing of the past very soon.\"We have launched operations all over the state and there is adequate deployment of security personnel in even remote areas. It is only a matter of time before we are able to put these rebels behind the bars,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355884", "title": "Kalu Virani to contest as independent", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17354945", "title": "Maoists plotting major attack to avenge Kishanji", "text": "JHARGRAM: Security forces in Jangalmahal are on their toes following reports that the Maoists are planning a 'spectacular attack' - the kidnap of a top-level politician or a bloody ambush to mark the first anniversary of Kishanji's encounter death.The Maoists celebrate 'martyrs week' from December 2-8 but this year they have brought it forward to November 24 to avenge Kishanji and announce that they are still a force in Bengal, say intelligence sources.Kishanji's death was a major setback for the Maoists. They have lost much of the ground in Bengal they had gained from the Lalgarh movement. But before they start a fresh organisational foray, they will carry out a major attack to announce their presence, say sources.Maoist state committee member Bikash, and squad leaders Madan Mahato and Jayanta are in charge of the operation that they will execute with cadres borrowed from Jharkhand, say intelligence sources.\"They have lost most of their comrades in Bengal. Many have surrendered or been arrested. And some were gunned down, so they have to depend on the Bengal-Bihar-Jharkhand border regional committee,\" said an officer. A top Jharkhand-based guerrilla leader is already scouting Belpahari, say sources.\"We have information that Bikash and wife Tara are camping in Lalgarh. In the past few weeks, they have visited dozens of villages in Binpur and have held small meetings at Baita, Dherua, Bhulagara and Indraboni area of Jhargram, where they once had a strong presence. He is trying to regroup his old pals who have gone passive since Kishanji's death,\" said an officer. Bikash is trying to recruit new faces, he added.Madan is said to be frequenting the forested hamlets of Belpahari and Banspahari, where he has his base. Jayanta is camping in Jamboni near the Jharkhand border.Sources said that these guerrilla leaders have been entrusted to chalk out the assault programme. They will lead the team but Jharkhand based rebels with execute the operation to fill up the man power shortage of Bengal unit. In this bid, Jharkhand based guerrilla leader who is active along the border corridor is frequenting in different areas of Belpahari to know the terrain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356101", "title": "Nine months later, abandoned fetuses cases reach nowhere", "text": "JAIPUR: Four fetuses were found at city's posh colonies in the last week of March that drew the attention of even the Rajasthan High Court. Even eight months after their recovery from Vidhyadhar Nagar, Shashtri Nagar and Jalupura areas, the police are yet to make any headway in the cases registered against unidentified people.DNA profiling from the blood samples of the fetuses have not proved helpful as the police did not even find a single suspect to match the DNA in all the four cases.It is a grim picture of police action in cases of female feticide and infanticide despite the fact that high court had summoned commissioner of police BL Soni for failure to take action against offenders. The commissioner had assured the court of finding the culprits and even booking them under Section 302 of IPC for homicide. These four cases are also examples of how the police fail to crack the cases registered after every recovery of a fetus in the state.The police investigation had been primarily confined to securing records from the private and government hospitals situated in Jalupura, Shashtri Nagar and Vidhydhar Nagar areas. The police have scanned the records, but have not been able to get any breakthrough.A senior police officer told TOI that in all the four cases, DNA profiles of fetuses had been secured, but as there is no suspects to match them with, that had been a fruitless exercise.\"FIRs had been registered under sections 318 of IPC. In Vidhyadhar Nagar case where the fetus was found from Ambabari area on March 28, Section 302 of IPC for homicide was also added as there was evidence of strangulation, but nothing has come out of the investigation so far,\" said the officer.A six-month-old fetus of a baby girl was found at a vacant plot at Naya Khera area in Vidhyadhar Nagar locality on March 29. The health department had raided two hospitals in the area and seized records.SHO, Shashtri Nagar, Nathu Lal said that the fetus had been recovered from PNT colony in Shashtri Nagar area on March 27.\"The case was registered under Section 318 of IPC. We had been investigating the case since then. However, we could not find any clues about who dumped the fetus. Apart from seizing hospital records and getting the DNA profiling done, the police had also questioned nearby residents and shopkeepers. However, nobody had seen the person who had dumped the fetus,\" said the officer.Similarly, SHO, Jalupura where fetus was recovered on March 30 told TOI that the case is still open.Rajasthan High Court on July 27 had even said that SHOs, who fail to make arrests and take concrete action in female feticide cases within three week, should be transferred.The single-bench of Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma gave the order while hearing the petition filed by advocate SK Gupta. The state government had given its consent that it will transfer the official if he failed to take action within three weeks.According to Census 2011, Rajasthan has 883 girls in the age of 0-6 for every 1,000 boys. The child sex ratio in 2001 was 909.MAJOR STEPS TAKEN IN 2012State govt announced it would set up a special police station in Jaipur to register and probe female feticide and infanticide casesGovt said it would make compulsory DNA profiling of all female fetuses or infant bodies found abandonedRajasthan Medical Council suspended registration of 12 doctors for allegedly violating the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 1994.Jaipur district administration suspended licences of five sonography centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356295", "title": "Medicos go on a strike against new exam rules", "text": "CHENNAI: Medical students went on a day-long strike at the state medical university demanding changes in the way exam papers for the MBBS course are evaluated. They withdrew their strike after speaking to state health minister V S Vijay.This year, at least 33% of first-year MBBS students in colleges affiliated to Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University failed to clear their examinations . As per the new norms, the students had to score a minimum of 50% in each paper to clear the exam. Earlier, they needed an aggregate of 50% in every subject.Vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said the Medical Council of India, had told the university that it can make the examination rules tougher to increase the standard of education. The university also said it will not accept applications for revaluation. Students have already petitioned the health minister, who is the university pro-chancellor , and moved the high court. The case is pending.On Saturday, nearly 500 medical students staged a protest on the university campus ahead of Vijay's visit. Doctor's Association for Social Equality head Dr G R Ravindranath, who supported the students' strike, said the minister had assured students that he would advise the university to republish the results in one week. \"He told students that he would tell the university to consider 50% aggregate to pass a student. That is what the MCI expects too,\" he said.However, the minister's office said no such thing had happened . \"The minister only said that the students' demands will be considered but he refused to give any assurances as the matter is still pending in the court,\" said a spokesperson from the minister's office. University officials refused to speak on record , but said they were considering relaxing norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358886", "title": "Funniest women ever on Earth, says Olga Kurylenko", "text": "Olga Kurylenko has admitted that she's one of the funniest women who has ever walked on this Earth.The former Bond girl said that she's been told so many times that she should branch out into comedy films.\"Seven Psychopaths is my first comedy. It has given me the thirst to do more,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"After playing the action girl so many times, comedy is a breeze by comparison,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17354984", "title": "Intelligent system for safe winter", "text": "NOIDA: In the past two years, there has been an almost 30% jump in the traffic accidents during winter, primarily due to fog and poor visibility, said the Noida traffic police.The traffic police and the Noida Authority have formulated a plan to repair roads in the accident-prone areas, and man the stretches properly.Notwithstanding a 30-car pile-up on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway in December 2011, the e-way continues to be the most dangerous stretch in the city, according to officials.\"The Authority will implement a Rs 15-crore Intelligent Transport System (ITS) to monitor the traffic on the expressway. This will also aid in traffic movement during poor visibility,\" said an official.The system, equipped with cameras placed at a height of 14m, will be able to detect movement up to a distance of 280m, and large LED displayboards will caution drivers , said officials.The traffic police have also identified other stretches prone to accidents. \"The NH24, the stretch leading from Kalindi Kunj to Noida Extension via Sector 71, the road from Sector 71-Model Town, the road leading from Sector 37-Okhla Barrage and the DSC road are all unsafe,\" said a senior traffic cop.\"There is heavy traffic movement along these stretches, and areas close to the river are also affected. It's important for people to drive slowly and safely,\" said a senior cop.But the traffic police is severely understaffed and cannot deploy cops round the clock. \"Most stretches see less traffic after 11pm; we deploy our personnel at strategic locations to cover as wide an area as possible,\" said the traffic police officer.The Noida Authority has also intensified its drive to improve roads in the city. \"We have identified areas where the roads need to be repaired. Certain red lights are in need of repair. We want to ensure that the roads are revamped at the earliest,\" said an official.Meanwhile, the traffic police have issued an advisory for commuters. Drivers should be clear about the route before setting out, and keep extra time in hand, suggested traffic cops. Vehicles should be maintained properly, with the headlights, brakes, tyres, windscreen wipers, radiator, battery and the car heating system being kept in a good condition. This will help during rain when the roads are slippery and vision is blurred.Honking can also help in alerting other road users to your presence, especially during bad weather, added the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355243", "title": "Ahmedabad lawyer gets information on expenditure of Kasab's jail term", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The discreet hanging of Amir Ajmal Kasab, a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist at Yerwada Jail in Pune on November 21 put an end to a nationwide wait for justice to victims of Mumbai terror attack.Even before the hanging, Kasab was in the eye of the storm for the facilities he enjoyed as a high-profile prisoner at Arthur Road prison in Mumbai.While there was a lot of speculation on the amount spent on keeping him alive, activists had demanded that a quick trial would reinstate people's faith in judiciary.A city-based lawyer Rahulsinh Rajput had sought information on expenditure incurred by the state and central government on Kasab, this October. He got reply a day before Kasab was hanged.\"I had filed the application in public interest to know how much has been spent on Kasab in the past four years. The figure came to Rs 27 crore out of which Rs 23.14 crore was spent on the security forces alone.A special cell was made for him that cost Rs 5.25 crore,\" said Rajput.He said that early trial of such cases would not only result into reduction in such expenditures but also set an example for others who try to attack India.\"I have also filed a similar application seeking details on Afzal Guru. I am yet to get the information,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358374", "title": "Bjork's vocal cord surgery successful", "text": "Icelandic singer-songwriter Bjork has revealed that she has had a successful surgery to remove a vocal cord polyp.The eccentric 47-year-old singer said on her official website that she had been trying to tackle the problem with exercises and diets since doctors first discovered the polyp, a benign growth on either one or both of the vocal cords, several years ago, CBS News reported.Bjork said that she decided to undergo laser surgery and it has worked, though she had to stay quiet for three weeks.\"Surgery rocks! ... It's been very satisfying to sing all them clear notes again,\" she wrote.The singer apologized for cancelling various shows earlier this year, and said that she was looking forward to sing for her fans next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17355623", "title": "Ramnavami faux pas haunts Gaya administration on Muharram eve", "text": "GAYA: With the forgettable Ramnavami faux pas still fresh in memory, the Gaya administration has made elaborate security arrangements to ensure peace during Muharram. During Ramnavami, no less than two dozen magistrates deputed at sensitive points bunked duty, thereby facilitating a virtual free for all in which violent clashes took place in the heart of the town known all for the country for its enviable record of communal harmony.Processionists unilaterally changed the routes, shops were plundered and a place of worship attacked near Kotwali police station, leaving the law and order machinery distinctly embarrassed.Apparently learning the right lessons from the Ramnavami experience, the district administration has made elaborate security arrangements, identified the faultlines and has taken confidence building measures to maintain peace during Muharram. As per the city's tradition, several festivals of the two major communities including Muharram, Holi and Durga Puja are extended events in Gaya.Whereas Muharram ends on Sunday everywhere else, in Gaya the main procession will be taken out one day later on Monday, thereby putting the magistrates and police force on their toes for one more day.As per inputs being received from different sources, a systematic attempt is being made for the last nearly one decade to fan communal violence in Gaya. The attempt was first made in the year 2002 through systematic vandalisation of places of worship and disfiguring the images of deities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17360074", "title": "Five killed, 80 injured in Pakistan blast", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least five people were killed and more than 80 injured Sunday when a blast hit a procession taken out by Shia Muslims in Pakistan's northwest tribal region, officials said.The explosion occurred around 10.30 a.m. in Chogla area of Dera Ismail Khan in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, around 300 km from Islamabad, Xinhua reported.The bomb was placed inside a closed bicycle repair shop and was detonated with a remote-controlled device, police said.This was the second blast in two days in the city. On Saturday, eight people, four of them children, were killed in a blast near a Muharram procession. Mian Iftikhar, information minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, said a child was among those killed in Sunday's bombing. At least 12 shops and houses were destroyed in the blast.The bomb went off when an estimated 100 people were at the site, police said. Bomb disposal squad officers said an estimated five to 10 kg of explosives were used in causing the blast.No group claimed responsibility for the attack.Federal interior minister Rehman Malik has ordered the arrest of the owner of the shop for interrogation.Shias Sunday observed Ashura, the tenth day of Muharram which marks the death anniversary of Prophet Mohammad's grandson Hussain Ibn-e-Ali 1,300 years ago.Muharram is considered a sensitive period in Pakistan, and many attacks on Shias by extremist Sunnis during Muharram have been reported in the past.Since the first day of Muharram Nov 16, six attacks on Shia Muslims have been reported in the country, killing at least 43 people and injuring more than 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355040", "title": "Sixth edition of film bazaar ends", "text": "PANAJI: The sixth edition of National Film Development Cooperation's (NFDC's) four-day film bazaar concluded on Saturday in a hotel at Panaji.The bazaar, held alongside the international film festival of India (Iffi), witnessed the participation of about 750 delegates from over 32 countries who had the opportunity to network with producers, filmmakers and distributors from across the world.The event concluded with an award ceremony. 'Sunrise' (Arunoday), 'An Indian Kiss' and 'Masala' won the three most promising projects as international partners at the film bazaar. Director Vipin Vijay won the Incredible India development award for his film 'Chavunilum, A Voice From Elsewhere' and Indranil Roychowdhury won the Prasad award for his film 'Phoring'.Cinemart Rotterdam, associated with NFDC, selected four promising producers - Aditi Anand , Vivek Gomber, Anusha Rizwi , Nilesh Navlakh to attend the Producers' Lab to be held alongside Rotterdam international film festival. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354332", "title": "Job scheme huge hit with urban youths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A state initiative for employment training has received a huge response from poor urban youths. The government had planned to impart training to 7,600 urban youths for placement in different sectors under Swarna Jayanti Sahari Rojgar Yojana (SJSRY) for 2012-13. However, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) said it has received more than 9,000 applications.\"We have received applications beyond the target, which is a good sign,\" said Binay Kumar Das, BMC's slum improvement officer (SIO).Das said the scheme is open for 18-year-old youths living in BMC area. The applicants must also have a BPL card to be eligible. \"Now, we are verifying the applications to check if the respondents fulfill the eligibility criteria. As of now, we have verified 687 applications and out of them, rejected 258,\" he added.The state government has empanelled 27 training institutes for the initiative. Of these, Hari Telemetric Private Ltd (HTPL) will provide training in sales, marketing and tailoring sector, and Apparel Training and Design Institute will do likewise in fashion designing. \"Most of the training would be carried out in government institutes with of good track record. There a few private institutes, whose credentials have also been checked,\" the SIO said.The institutes are also likely to impart training for skill upgradation on computer learning, security watch, driving, mason, food processing, tailoring, mobile handset repair, leather work, applique, candle making etc. There will be a registration form for further training and placement. The desirous youths will fill up the forms as per their choices.\"The youths will be linked to different institutes based on their choice of trade in their applications. The state-level nodal agency, State Urban Development Agency (SUDA), will monitor the training. The Orissa Rural Marketing Society (ORMAS) will do the post-training tracking to check whether the youths find the placement benefitting them or if there are bottlenecks,\" said the SIO. All the details would be noted and sorted out, he added.In order to sensitize the beneficiaries towards the scheme, BMC had conducted a Skilled Training Education Programme for Urban poor (STEP-UP) mela on October 19.The BMC had also launched a nine-day sensitization programme in all the 60 wards. Since 2009, BMC has provided skill up gradation training to 551 beneficiaries in government-run and government-identified institutions. Last year, there were 36 empanelled institutes. This year the number of empanelled institutions is less because of change of focus from mere skill up-gradation to placement-link training, said an official of BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17354654", "title": "Bike gang loots cash, jewellery", "text": "HOWRAH: A gang of armed miscreants struck early on Saturday and looted nearly Rs 1 lakh in cash and 15 bhoris of jewellery from the employee of an ornament shop in Bagnan. The miscreants, on two motorcycles, fled towards National Highway 6 after smashing the head of the man who was carrying the cash and ornaments with the butt of a pistol. A manhunt has been launched.Around 8am, 40-year-old Kashinath Pramanik went to the house of his employer Prodyush Shaw - a jeweller - and collected the cash and ornaments. He was to carry them to the shop near the Bainan School Math . Pramanik was on a bicycle and about 50 yards from the shop when six youths wearing helmets blocked his way. They attempted to snatch the bag that Pramanik was carrying. He held on to the bag and raised an alarm when one of the youths pulled out a pistol and smashed the butt on his head.As locals gathered, the miscreants fled on two motorcycles. Pramanik was taken to a local hospital for treatment. \"We have registered a case and all police stations in the area have been directed to keep a lookout for the youths,\" said Howrah SP Bharat Lal Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354799", "title": "'Biodiversity board has no funds to operate'", "text": "NAGPUR: The third meeting of the Maharashtra State Biodiversity Board (MSSB) was held in the city on Saturday. Various issues including capacity building of village, formation of district level biodiversity committees and the financial position of the board were discussed in the meeting.In the meeting, the members strongly expressed their displeasure over the shortage of manpower and also funds. \"Whenever some work is proposed, the lack of funds creates the first hurdle. This in turn makes it impossible for us to have a proper office and also recruit manpower. This state of affairs shows how serious is the government about the functioning of the board,\" said Kishor Rithe.Rithe further added that under the Biodiversity Act 2002, it is mandatory for the state government to provide funds needed by the state biodiversity board. However, even after 10 months of its formation, the board is yet to receive proper funding.\"A review of the district level biodiversity management committee was done in which it was found that a communication gap existed between the authorities and the committees,\" said Rithe. He added that workshops will be conducted on how biodiversity plans can be implemented at village levels by the committees.\"We are going to work upon the capacity building of village biodiversity committees by making them aware about their rights and duties. Also, the board will launch its website soon,\" said Anmol Kumar. Rithe informed that the website might be inaugurated during the winter session of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.The meeting was attended by principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi, board chairman Dr E K Barucha, PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi, APPCF (personnel) and board member-secretary Anmol Kumar, Satpuda Foundation chief Kishor Rithe, Umarkhed MLA Vijay Khadse, and professor with Shivaji University S R Yadav. The Board was set up in January 2012 under the Biological Diversity Act 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358243", "title": "Ed Westwick loves gardening", "text": "The \" Gossip Girl \" actor Ed Westwick says he is obsessed with nature and loves planting flowers in the summer.The 25-year-old says he loves spending his summers sowing seeds in the ground because the experience is so \"humble\".\"I just love planting flowers during the summer. There's something very humble about it, and natural and beautiful. We're a more beautiful species in the summer - everyone comes out looking gorgeous and girls put on nice dresses,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted Westwick as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17355999", "title": "Puttur records maximum temperature", "text": "MANGALORE: Puttur hobli in Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada recorded the highest maximum temperature of 37.3?C on Friday at 2.15pm, which is 5.6?C more than the normal. (Extreme event - 35.6?C, November 3, 1941). The lowest minimum temperature of 16.8?C is recorded at Khanapur taluk of Belgaum district on November 24 at 6.30am, which is 0.1?C less than the normal (extreme event - 9.3 ?C, November 28, 1964).Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Saturday is considered isolated since 9% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354881", "title": "Man put to the sword at ring function brawl", "text": "GURGAON: A man, identified as a resident of Maidawas village in Gurgaon district, was stabbed (with a sword) to death and five others were injured in a brawl that broke out between two groups in a dispute over which song would be played by the DJ at a ring ceremony on Sheetla Mata road late on Friday night. The Sector 5 police have lodged an FIR against a youth of Daultabad village and seven to eight friends of his on Saturday.The victim, Ravindra Kumar, 25, was invited to a ring ceremony organized by Yogesh and Kuldeep. Ravindra reached there with his five friends. After getting drunk, they started dancing on the dance floor. In the meantime, a friend of Ravindra changed the song which was being played by the DJ. Cops said that another friend of Ravindra had also asked a girl to dance with him. That triggered a brawl which ended in the death. The five friends of Ravindra, who were injured in the brawl, fled the spot. They were identified as Aakash, Amit, Satish, Deepak and Yogesh. Three of them had reportedly come out of jail some days ago, police said.Ravindra hid in a car, but the rival group stabbed him with a sword and fled. He was taken to a nearby hospital where the doctors declared him as brought dead.On the statement of the victim's brother, Satish Kumar, an FIR has been lodged against the accused Ravinder Singh, a resident of Daultabad village and his friends under Sections 302, 323, 148 and 149 of IPC in the Sector 5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354646", "title": "Catfish signals revival of Delhi lakes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent discovery of a 3.5 feet long catfish in the shallow Hauz Khas Lake had marked a major progression in the revival of the lake, which till some months back had been a smelly cesspool of untreated sewage. Though residents still complain of foul smell from a part of the lake but its biochemical oxygen demand \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an indicator of pollution levels \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has dropped from 11mg/l to 6 mg/l in a span of six months.A few kilometres away, Neela Hauz continues to languish under an onslaught of untreated sewage. Both water bodies have the same source of water \u00e2\u20ac\u201d treated effluent from the Vasant Kunj sewage treatment plant and untreated sewage from Mehrauli and nearby areas. Neela Hauz, over which a flyover was constructed for the Commonwealth Games and should have been restored by October 2010, is now supposed to be restored by February next year as per a high court order.Debris from the water body was just cleared last week and according to Delhi Development Authority officials, the water body will be restored by the court-set deadline.Plantation will be carried out by next monsoon. While debris dumped by the PWD around the lake during the flyover construction has been removed, a lot of it that subsequently was dumped into the main water body is still to be cleaned out.\"The revival plans released by DDA show a much smaller area of the lake compared to what it was before the flyover project began. Our concern is not the peripheral work that DDA will get done on plantation etc. We only want that the water body is preserved properly, and for that untreated sewage must be stopped from entering it and secondly, the area of water should be increased,\" said Nitya Jacob, a resident of Vasant Kunj.According to Delhi Jal Board officials, they will be trapping untreated sewage from the Kishangarh area in Mehrauli and diverting it to Vasant Kunj STP. Some institutions, located near the lake, have been discharging their waste into it directly and they have been asked to take corrective measures.The lake will finally be merged with Sanjay Van where efforts by residents have already seen some improvement in water quality of the lake there.From Neela Hauz to Hauz Khas Lake, there are five check dams where residents of nearby areas have introduced fish. These catfish have found their way to Hauz Khas and feed on the carps that were introduced in the lake.The check dams also act as regulators since anytime the flow of untreated sewage increases, they can be shut down.\"The Hauz Khas Lake is fed by treated effluent from the Vasant Kunj STP, some untreated sewage from the Mehrauli ward and rainwater. The north/northeast side of the water body is deeper and in the shadow zone \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meaning it is protected from sunlight and wind. Hence it also looks dirtier. Other than bio-remediation, we have asked DDA to take water from the deep end for gardening, ensure that the pipe from the last check dam to the lake should always have water flowing through it and ensure that aerators work at the deep end,\" said Manu Bhatnagar, the principal advisor of environment projects in Intach's natural heritage division.\"We have seen a substantial change in water quality in the past few months,\" he added. Intach is working in an advisory capacity with DDA to revive the lake.The lake has started receiving migratory birds as well, but sources say that DDA officials are not following all instructions and untreated sewage often finds its way into the lake.\"The aerators are also not working and the part of the lake next to the monument is filthy and smelly,\" said Rashmi Singh of Green Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356645", "title": "Pollution giving residents pink eye", "text": "LUDHIANA: The ever-increasing air pollution levels in city has started to take a toll on the eyes as increasing number of allergic conjunctivitis cases are being reported in city hospitals.Experts opine exposure to high level of pollutants post-Diwali and stubble burning is causing the problem. Allergic conjunctivitis, which is not contagious, causes one's eyes to become watery, red, swollen, itchy and often painful. A person develops the condition when exposed to an allergic or sensitive substance, also known as an allergen. Trees, grass, weeds and flowers release the allergen pollen into the air. It can also develop in damp atmospheres within the home, such as the kitchen or bathroom.Reporting an increase in the number of pink eye cases, Dr G S Bajwa, head of department of ophthalmology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"The number of allergic conjunctivitis cases usually fall in winter, but post Diwali these have increased by 10 to 15% due to bursting of crackers. Add to that air pollution levels in city are on a constant upward acceleration because of increase in the number of vehicles and diesel generators as well as increase in the dust particles due to rise in construction activities and bad conditions of roads.\"Dr Satish Thomas, professor in ophthalmology at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"Ludhiana is an industrial city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d clearly the pollution levels here are high. And thus we get pink eye cases all around the year. However, this year these shot up drastically with Diwali and stubble burning.\"Further, Dr Satish suggests residents to take eye allergies seriously. He said, \"Many people suffer from eye allergies, yet the condition is often not properly identified or treated. This condition is commonly overlooked because people are unaware of the various eye allergy symptoms. It is important to identify and treat allergic eye symptoms, as they can be very painful. Furthermore, eye allergies can lead to permanent eye damage due to excessive scratching or rubbing. Thus, the failure to identify the eye condition, allergy eyes, could have a permanent affect on your vision.\"The common warning signs include itching, stinging and burning of the eyes. Others include redness and tearing of the eyes.Meanwhile, Dr Harpreet C Singh, senior ophthalmologist at SPS Apollo Hospital, feels prevention is the best cure. \"In order to prevent allergic conjunctivitis, one should attempt to identify which allergens cause the symptoms.Once the specific types are pinpointed, one should then attempt to avoid them by taking the necessary precautions. Staying indoors when mould and pollen levels are high, vacuuming the house, wearing goggles are some examples of actions one can take to avoid or minimize the allergy.Talking about the treatment part, he adds, \"We prescribe anti-allergic eye drops and corticosteroids for severe cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354331", "title": "South Extension trader robbed of Rs 30L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman running a money exchange in South Extension market was allegedly attacked with a pistol butt and robbed of Rs 30 lakh cash. The incident took place at South Extension-II in south Delhi on Friday. The dacoity was recorded in the area's CCTV camera and further investigations are on, police said.The complainant, Kamal Chand, closed his office and asked his servant to keep his bag containing Rs 30 lakh cash in his Honda Civic . Kamal, accompanied by a friend, unlocked his car with the remote lock and had kept the bag on the seat when three bikers, wearing helmets, came near him and tried to snatch the bag. Kamal tried to run off to a nearby shop but the accused attacked Kamal with a revolver butt. They then escaped with the cash.\"CCTV footage has been retrieved from a firm located right next to the incident spot. As of now, an insider's role cannot be ruled out. All those who had access to the office are being probed,'' said the investigating officer.A similar robbery was reported in South Extension a few months ago. Three unidentified men shot at a man, an employee of a prominent jewellery shop, who was carrying Rs 12 lakh to deposit it in the bank and fled with the cash. \"When the victim, Sitaram (29), was on his way to Union Bank of India to deposit Rs 12 lakh in D Block in South Extension I market, three goons that were already standing outside the bank tried to snatch the bag at gunpoint. When the victim refused, the goons shot at him and escaped in two-wheelers with the cash,\" said a senior police officer. No one has been arrested in this case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356581", "title": "Magnets to make painful chemotherapy a thing of past", "text": "KANPUR: Cancer, the deadliest diseases known is commonly treated by chemotherapy and its side effects include hair loss, weight loss and others which affect the body of the patient. In next five years, chemotherapy which is used for cancer treatment will be replaced by a new practice. Magnetic nano particles coated with drugs will be introduced into the body of a cancer patient and these particles will be moved further inside the body with the help of a magnet rubbing it on the human body externally.The magnet will ensure accumulation of nano particles at the affected body part or organ and the drug coated on it will only cure the affected or the damaged (cancer) cells instead of leaving impact on the body. Thus, there will be no side effect on the body and the patient will not have to undergo the pain of chemotherapy. Scientists in the US are trying this technique on rats and if successful, the method will be used to cure cancer patients, informs Raj Narain Singh, scientist and a faculty member in Material Science and Engineering Department in Oklahoma State University based in Oklahoma city in US, while talking to TOI.Singh was among students who had come to IIT-Kanpur to take part in the Golden Jubilee reunion organised by Alumni Association of the premier institute.\"Presently, cancer patients are given chemotherapy which is not only painful but also has side effects. If the affected body organ is treated directly by a nano-particle coated with anti-cancer drug, it will descend upon the affected cell and treat it instead of leaving its impact on the entire body. This is possible when a magnet is used to congregate the nano-particles at one point that are released into the human body. The idea is to deliver the drug at the level of the cancer-affected cell. We are working in a laboratory in the US in this direction\", said Singh further explaining the use of nano-particles in treatment of cancer.He added that chemotherapy kills healthy as well as cancer-affected cells but the magnetic technique guarantees treatment of only the cells affected.Informing about how scientists in US are working on the carbon nano tubes that can increase efficiency of the lithium ion batteries if used in it, Raj Narain said, \"The carbon nano tubes have applications in electronics, sensors, lithium ion batteries, transistors. With these nano-tubes solar cells can be made. Strong composites can be made with the help of nano-tubes. We are constantly working on it in our labs and trying to evolve better usage of the carbon nano tubes\", Raj Narain told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358446", "title": "Raghu Rai on what makes a picture click", "text": "Photographer Raghu Rai tells reader Rachit Vats what makes a picture clickWhether moment or monument, Raghu Rai's mastery is evident in the pictures he has captured over the past five decades. Amateur photographer Rachit Vats met Rai at an exhibition of the 70-year-old photojournalist's works curated by Tasveer last month. \"Those who love photography will never miss a chance to meet a veteran like him,\" said Vats, on entering ICIA, the Kala Ghoda gallery where the photos were displayed. He invoked Rai's most famous work, that of the semi-buried child who died in the Bhopal Gas tragedy of 1984. \"Whenever I think of that tragedy, the first image that crosses my mind is the one Raghu Rai took.\"Casting a look at the photos on the wall, Vats spots 'Wheat Thrashing, Humayun's Tomb Delhi' (1966) and 'Mother Teresa consoling a child Kolkata' (1970). When Rai walked in, Vats asked, \"Your pictures are spectacular. Which among them would you consider as your best work?\"\"Best is the wrong word,\" replied Rai. \"I follow the Hindu philosophy, which says, kan kan mein bhagwan hai (there's God in every grain). And after so many years of pursuing photography, I realise that every experience matters.\"But surely, there must be a favourite subject that Rai enjoys tackling, pressed Vats. \"I love taking pictures of people,\" Rai gave in. \" Hawaon aur badlon se khelna mujhe accha lagta hai (I like playing with air and clouds). I was also fond of a lot of space, and wouldn't settle for anything lesser than four columns in a newspaper.\"So were there times when he faced any glitches during his years as a photojournalist? \"This was after the Emergency. I had taken a picture of a radiwalla throwing Indira Gandhi's poster into the dustbin. I showed it to my editors at The Statesman, where I worked then and they were too afraid to print it. I got angry and walked out of the office ,\" recalled Rai. \"But the following day, when she lost the election they carried the picture on their front page.\" \"What are your views on photojournalism today?\" posed Vats. \"Everything has become a joke. Journalists must realise that they are newsmen \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they have a loyalty towards the truth,\" said Rai. Vats asked Rai for his opinion on mobile phone photography and applications like Instagram. \"What can I say,\" reflected Rai. \"When there is more churn, there will be muck as well as good work. But if you ask me about software, then all this twisting and turning of the picture and removing elements from the original makes it a lie. If you are sensitive, the aesthetic elements will reflect in your work.\" So what makes for a good picture? \"A photo is a split-second record of a situation. Photography is history that cannot be rewritten,\" Rai explained. \"It has to be current, it has to have the energy and retain the expression that makes you want to look at it again and again. The photograph must have the ability to stand the test of time,\" he added. Vats flipped out his phone and showed some of his work to Rai. The veteran told him that he doesn't like to comment on someone else's pictures. But Rai eventually picked up Vats's phone and browsed through the photos. \"The movement of the Victoria against the Taj hotel is good. You must invest in a better camera.\"Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359685", "title": "Ssumier stays focused on work, thanks to Shreyas", "text": "We all have inspirations and idols in our life, but sometime we meet few people in life who change our thought process completely. That's exactly what happened with actor Ssumier S Pasricha who is currently seen in the show Sasural Simar Ka. It was during the shooting of his first film Hum Tum Aur Shabana last year when he got to learn something from Shreyas Talpade .\"One day I was sitting quietly in one corner and was a bit upset as I felt my potential was not being utilised properly. As an actor I was hoping to do more scenes in the film and was upset by not getting to do it. That is when Shreyas Talpade my co-star in the film asked me to have faith in my director and my talent,\" says Pasricha.Elaborating further he says, \"Later on, Shreyas told me how he had to struggle for getting his first break in films. He emphasized on staying focus on ones work and should be thankful for the opportunity. That day, those words of Shreyas really charged me up and I still remember his generosity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359133", "title": "Sunny Leone all set for first item number?", "text": "Contrary to reports that Sunny Leone may not do an item number in \" Singh Sahib The Great\", filmmaker Anil Sharma says he is keen to shoot the song with her and that they are working on her dates.\"Sunny Leone is a wonderful human being. She is a very good friend. We are trying to work on her dates. She is busy with her other projects. There are some date issues and nothing more than that. I want to work with her and we are trying to incorporate an item number with her,\" Anil Sharma told IANS.There were rumours that the film's main lead Sunny Deol has refused to work with the Indo-Canadian porn star as he wasn't too pleased when the jokes about him and the actress started doing the rounds.Sharma clarified it saying: \"All these are just rumours. Sunny Deol is one actor in Bollywood who is least interested in getting into controversies. He only wants each and every actor to grow. He was very upset after he got to know about the rumours.\"Shooting for Singh Sahib The Great will start Dec 10 and Sharma said that it would be a \"50 days schedule till January-end\".\"During the same time, I am planning to shoot for the item number as well,\" added the director who has roped in Ameesha Patel for the female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17357135", "title": "Soon, a fabric that can be washed with sunlight", "text": "JAIPUR: There's no need to wash dirty linen in public, coz the linen may never get dirty again! For a state where water is so precious and hundreds of villagers have to traverse long distances to get a drop to drink, this is certainly good news for Rajasthan.The drudgery of washing clothes may become a thing of the past. Scientists from IIT Delhi and other institutes are working on textiles that wouldn't pick up dirt, and even if they do after prolonged use, the clothes could be \"washed\" in sunlight . In short, detergents are out!At the heart of the revolutionary changes is nanotechnology , which is being applied by scientists to improve the performance of textiles and is generating global interest, said Mangala Joshi, professor, department of textile technology, IIT Delhi.Nano technology deals with materials at nano size (1-100 nm) level where the properties of material alter dramatically as their size and shape is changed in the nanometer range.\"Nano stands for one billionth of a meter. The nature's nanotechnology has been perfected over a billion of years. For example, the self-cleaning properties found in the nano-structured surface of lotus leaves are natural designs. It is called the Lotus Leaf effect and has been researched and developed worldwide and also at IIT Delhi,\" said Joshi.She said a stain and water repellent, self-cleaning fabric produced using nanotechnology may become a successful commercial reality in India in about five years.While nanotechnology is still an emerging branch, the research on textiles has reached a demo stage, she added.BYE TO DETERGENTSClothes wouldn't pick up dirt and if they do after prolonged use, they can be washed in sunlight Scientists are using nano technology to improve performance of textiles Stain and water repellant, self-cleaning fabric may be available in 5 yrsFirst reported at Hong Kong varsityThe coating of nano titanium dioxide particles in clothes has 'photocatalytic properties' which can break dirt particles in the presence of sun light.Thus, dirty clothes can be \"cleaned\" by merely putting them in the sun. The cloth will also not pick up any dirt because of nano particles.These kind of self-cleaning fabrics were first reported by scientists at Hong Kong Polytechnique University .Another fabric which IIT Delhi is researching is based on nanocomposite polymer coating which will have improved strength and gas barrier property. It's application could be useful in defence applications as inflatable used in aerostat and aerial delivery system. \"It will be able to survive higher temperatures, bear weathering and able to retain gas for a longer time,\" said Joshi.Other possible textiles are antibacterial, UV (Ultraviolet light) protective and water repellent breathable fabrics. A range of anti-microbial textile finishes and products based on nanosilver have already been commercialized and are finding use in the medical sector such as sutures and wound dressings and other health and hygiene textiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356625", "title": "Winter to start from December first week: Met", "text": "LUDHIANA: The dipping temperatures around this time of the year indicate a change in season, but weather experts say winters have not set in yet. Winter officially begins from the first week of December.However, the comparison of maximum and minimum temperatures of previous and current year indicate that there is a considerable dip in normal temperature around this time of the year.Surinder Paul, director meteorological department, Chandigarh, said, \"2011 had recorded maximum temperature of around 28 degrees celsius around this time of the year, but this year it is around 25 degrees C. Minimum temperature should have been around 12 degrees C, but that too have dropped as low as 9 degrees celsius this year. But winter had not set in yet. It will officially begin from the first week of December.\"She added, \"Further, last year around this time the city witnessed a rain spell, but this year it has been dry so far. The humidity continues to remain near normal.\"Residents, however, say that it feels like winter has already set in. Jaipreet Kaur, a homemaker of Model Town, said, \"You can feel the chill in mornings and evenings. I think winter has finally set in. We have even started unpacking our woolens and preparing for chilly days ahead.\"Tanvi Sharma, a student and resident of Pakhowal Road, said, \"I'm glad that winter has finally arrived. I am looking forward to enjoying the winter sun and buying warm clothes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354814", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcThe progressive movement is on the ventilator\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "As communal and conservative elements gain the edge in deciding the social agenda, the once aggressive progressives, who took on the ferocity of fundamentalism through the arts and activism, seem to be losing the battle. The dwindling breed now remains mostly confined to its cocoon.Inspired by the Left, especially its idea of equality and opposition to exploitation, a galaxy of writers had joined the Progressive Writers' Association founded in 1936. The Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) was its off-shoot. When the USSR dismantled in the 1990s, the progressives too received a jolt. \"The fall of the USSR left progressives disillusioned. They have lost the stomach to fight fanatics,\" says poet-lyricist Nida Fazli, adding that had the progressives been strong, they would have rallied for the gutsy Muslim women who recently protested the ban on women's entry to the sanctum sanctorum of dargahs in Mumbai.Sajjad Zaheer, one of the founders of the Progressive Writers' Association, and Urdu writer Rashid Jahan had decades ago jointly launched a magazine called Angare championing the cause of women. The great progressive Ismat Chughtai, recalls Faiz, had the courage to write a story like Lihaaf (Quilt) which angered the conservatives. \"Where do we have writers like Zaheer and Chughtai today?\" asks the poet who dedicated his recent lifetime achievement award from a London-based organisation to Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani child attacked by the Taliban because of her fight for girls' education. \"I am pained that some leading Urdu dailies have been carrying regressive articles on Malala,\" he says. \"They have been questioning the sympathy for Malala and asking why Muslim girls elsewhere have been ignored. Malala represents courage; this is shocking. \"The progressives' movement is on the ventilator also because the youngsters who join it are careerists. Ramesh Talwar, theatre director and a senior IPTA member admits, \"They want to use it as a launch pad and quickly jump into the more profitable world of television and films. They are not interested in fighting social evils through theatre.\" Indeed, it has been very long since IPTA came out with a new play\u00e2\u20ac\u201din fact, at the recent Prithvi Festival, the group presented an old play Moteram Ka Satyagraha.\"IPTA has become a factory for tried-and-tested plays. It has stopped challenging our intellect,\" says a city-based theatre director.Theatre director Nadira Zaheer Babbar also accounts this sad scenario to the relative prosperity of the once poor progressives. \"Till the time they were hungry, they were actively involved in the movement. Now they have prospered and become self-centred,\" says Babbar.How can the progressive movement be resuscitated? Scholar Asghar Ali Engineer says that unless issues like communalism and the threat to secularism are not taken as a major challenge, the movement will remain insipid. The secular intellectuals, he maintains, have joined hands with the ruling class. \"Uttar Pradesh has seen several communal riots in the last six months but when a handful of activists like me protest, some progressives echo chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who dismisses these riots as an aberration,\" says Engineer. \"We cannot fight the demon unless we acknowledge its severity. And the progressive today lack this capacity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355482", "title": "Patna University campus in grip of election fever", "text": "PATNA: With the promulgation of the code of conduct on Friday night for the forthcoming elections to the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU), election fever has virtually gripped the PU campus. All the students' organizations, which had been demanding elections to the union for the last more than two decades, have swung into action and are busy deciding their strategies for contesting the polls. The elections are scheduled for December 11.Rejecting the demands of various students' organizations for certain modifications in the procedure, the PU election committee has decided to conduct the elections as per the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations. It has, however, forwarded their suggestions for modifications to the state government for necessary action, said election committee chief U K Sinha.The electoral rolls of different colleges and postgraduate departments would be published by November 26. Candidates contesting elections to various offices can file their nomination papers on November 30 and December 1. The entire election process is to be completed within 10 working days. PU statistics department head Amarendra Mishra has been appointed the chief returning officer for the elections.According to the eligibility criteria for the candidates, a PU student can contest only once for the post of an office-bearer and twice for executives of the PUSU. This means that once a student has contested the election for any given post, he/she cannot contest again irrespective of the fact whether he/she wins or loses the elections. This also implies that every year the campus would have new faces contesting the elections for the post of five office-bearers, i.e. the president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and cultural secretary.Similarly, candidates should not have a criminal record; that is, they should not have been tried or convicted of any criminal offence or misdemeanour. The candidate should not have been subjected to any disciplinary action by the university. The age limit of the candidates is 22 years for undergraduates, 25 years for postgraduates and 28 years for research scholars.Every candidate would be permitted to spend Rs 5,000 only and submit the account of his expenditure within a fortnight of the results declaration. Moreover, candidates are not permitted to use any printed material for canvassing. Instead, they can use only handwritten materials, including posters, pamphlets, etc, or their photocopies. Wall writing and use of vehicles and loudspeakers have also been prohibited.Candidates contesting elections would be required to have 75 per cent attendance till November 10 and they must be regular students. Students of distance education would neither be eligible to contest the election nor to cast their votes.PU has constituted a grievance cell under the chairmanship of PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan. B N College principal P K Poddar, PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav and two topper students, namely Tanya Sinha of MSc (geology) and Lalitesh Ranjan of MSc (statistics) are the members of the cell.PU is also contemplating to hold an open debate for the students contesting for the office of president. Candidates would be allowed to present their road map for students' welfare activities and improvement of academic atmosphere in the university. A live telecast of the debate is also being planned.It is expected that all the students organizations, backed by different political parties, including NSUI, ABVP, AISF, SFI, AISA, AIDSO, Chhatra RJD, Chhatra Lok Jan Shakti and Chhatra JD-U will field their own candidates. Besides, independent candidates would also try their luck in the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17356481", "title": "Snag at Tuticorin power plant", "text": "TUTICORIN: Power production in one of the 210x5 MW thermal power plants in Tuticorin was hit as the unit developed a technical snag on Saturday.But the faulty unit was set right immediately and generation was resumed, said a senior official at the Tuticorin Thermal Power Station. \"The units are running continuously and minor faults are bound to occur. Power generation is not affected. We set the faults right immediately and resume power generation,\" said chief engineer P Ardhanari.The frequency of fire accidents and technical snags has become alarming in TTPS, affecting electricity generation in the power-starved state. In November alone, at least three units of the plant developed technical snags stalling power production at a time when the state is reeling due to power shortage.On October 10, 2012, power production was hit in one unit due to a puncture in the boiler tube while another unit was detected to have a puncture in the condenser tube. On June 19, 2012, units I and III were shut down for three days due to water scarcity. Then on July 3, 2012, all five units were shut down for two days due to a major fire caused by friction at the coal conveyor belt, incurring a heavy loss of Rs 12 crore to the thermal power station. Another fire reported at the conveyor belt connecting the first and second coal crusher units on July 16, however, reportedly had no impact on power generation.\"Three units of the plant were established in 1977 while two more were established in the 90s. Average life of such thermal plants is 25-30 years. Age of the plants could be one reason for frequent technical snags. Another factor could be that we are yet to perform the annual maintenance of the units that might require the units to be shut down for 15 days. Due to the power crisis, we decided to perform the maintenance exercise a few months later,\" said an official in TTPS.But Ardhanari denied wearing out of the units due to age and said TTPS was achieving 95 per cent power generation which even new thermal plants could not achieve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17355466", "title": "Egypt boiling: Protests against Morsi swell", "text": "CAIRO: Tensions flared up on Saturday in Egypt over sweeping powers assumed by President Mohamed Morsi, with anti-riot police firing tear gas to disperse protesters as the judiciary slammed the decree as an \"unprecedented attack\".A group of opposition activists spent Friday night in the iconic Tahrir Square, erecting some 30 tents. But when more demonstrators attempted to join them on Saturday morning, police fired tear gas canisters, forcing them to retreat. Nearly two years after popular unrest spurred former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's fall, people have taken to Egypt's streets in past days to call for revolution again, this time for the ouster of \"new pharaoh\" Morsi.On Thursday, Morsi announced that courts could not overturn any decree or law he has issued since taking office in June and, beyond that, in the six months until a new constitution is finalized.He also fired Egypt's general prosecutor, who has been criticized for the insufficient prosecutions of those suspected in demonstrators' deaths in 2011. Tents dotted Cairo's iconic Tahrir Square, just as they did during the 2011 uprising, and clashes between protesters and police were reported on Friday and Saturday in the capital, the port city of Alexandria and elsewhere in the country.Thousands of his supporters and opponents on Friday took to streets to stage rival rallies across Egypt, leading to sporadic violence and burning down of offices belonging to the ruling Muslim Brotherhood. Following Morsi's decree, the United States has expressed concern for Egyptians and for the international communities.Minor clashes also broke out when demonstrators on Mohamed Mahmoud Street near Tahrir Square threw rocks at security forces, who fired back with tear gas.Insisting upon the need to root out what he called \"weevils eating away at the nation of Egypt\", Morsi said on Friday: \"I don't like, want or need to resort to exceptional measures, but I will if I see that my people, nation and the revolution of Egypt are in danger\".Morsi had also ordered on Thursday that an assembly dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood writing the new constitution could not be dissolved by legal challenges. His announcement led to clashes in several cities between his supporters and opponents of, a clear show of the deepening polarization in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17356286", "title": "NITC to study use of sediments from sea for land reclamation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Technical experts from the National Institute of Technology Calicut will prepare a detailed project report on the possibilities of using sediments from the seabed for reclaiming the land for Koyilandy harbour.Assistance of NITC experts was sought as the modernization work of Koyilandy harbour, which was expected to be complete in six months, got delayed due to the hold-up in reclamation work. Though the work of the harbour got a fresh lease of life with the central government aid of Rs 20 crore, the unavailability of sand for the completion of reclamation work and the opposition from a group of fishermen regarding the mining of sand from the southern side of the breakwater are delaying the work. Fishermen oppose sand mining citing that excessive mining on the shore would cause sea erosion.The technical experts have visited the harbour to conduct a study on the possibilities of using sediments for the purpose of reclamation. Koyilandy MLA K Dasan said that the team from NITC has also agreed to visit the spot again to study the type of the sediments suitable for reclamation work and would prepare an estimate for the work.According to officials, the contractor stopped the work citing shortage of sand after the construction of two wharfs.\"The remaining work, including the construction of auction hall, canteen and other infrastructure facilities can be completed only after completing the reclamation work,\" said the MLA. \"The fund allotted for the reclamation and construction is Rs 3 crore. However, with the new development we will require over Rs 6 crore for the completion of the work,\" he added.\"Once the the work is completed the harbour will help a large number of fishermen in the coastal region, as it will provide them opportunity to auction the fish and sell the fish at a more convenient place, said the MLA. \"Besides, the boat jetty, which is under construction, will accommodate over 200 mechanized boats and hundreds of country boats,\" said Dasan.The central aid, which was sanctioned recently, will be utilized for the work of the auction hall, canteen and parking space. Modern freezer facilities and wholesale purchasing options will also be introduced in the harbour to help fishermen in the region, using the fund.\"The state and central governments have allotted a total of Rs 56 crore for the modernization of the harbour. However, an additional sum of Rs 10 crore will be required for the completion of the work,\" said officials. \"A proposal has already been submitted to the state, seeking Rs 10 crore aid for constructing a road to the harbour,\" they added.##Kozhikode: Technical experts from the National Institute of Technology Calicut will prepare a detailed project report on the possibilities of using sediments from the bottom of the sea for reclaiming the land for Koyilandy harbour.Assistance of NITC experts was sought as the modernization work of Koyilandy harbour, which was expected to be complete in six months, is hindered owing to the delay in the completion of reclamation work. Though the work of the harbour received a fresh lease of life with the central government aid of Rs.20 crore, the unavailability of sand for the completion of reclamation work and the opposition from a group of fishermen regarding the mining of sand from the southern side of the breakwater are delaying the work. Fishermen oppose sand mining citing that excessive mining on the shore would cause sea erosion.The technical experts have visited the harbour spot to conduct study on the possibilities of using sediments for the purpose of reclamation. According to K Dasan, MLA of Koyilandy, the team from NITC have also agreed to visit the spot again to study the type of the sediments suitable for the purpose of reclamation. They will prepare an estimate for the reclamation work, he added.According to officials, the contractor stopped the work citing shortage of sand after the construction two wharfs. Only 12 metre of the third wharf was completed by the contractors.The remaining work including the construction of auction hall, canteen and other infrastructure facilities can be completed only after completing the reclamation work, said the MLA. The fund allotted for the reclamation and construction is Rs.3 crore, however, with the new development we will require over Rs.6 crore for the completion of the work, he said.On the completion of the work the harbour will help large number of fishermen in the coastal region as it will provide them opportunity to auction the fish and sell the fish at a more convenient place, said Koyilandy MLA K Dasan. Besides, the boat jetty, which is under construction, will accommodate over 200 mechanised boats and hundreds of country boat.The recently sanction central aid will be utilised for the work of the auction hall, canteen and parking space. Modern freezer facilities and whole sale purchasing options will also be introduced in the harbour to help fishermen in the region using the fund.The state and central governments have allotted Rs.56 crore for the modernization of the harbour. However, an additional sum of Rs. 10 crore will be required for the completion of the work, cited officials. A proposal has already been submitted to the state seeking Rs.10 crore aid for constructing a road to the harbour, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17360702", "title": "Smugglers use new carriers to smuggle drugs: AIU", "text": "MUMBAI: The two recent cases of drug smuggling detected by the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) show that contraband is still being carried across countries. According to AIU officials, 11 cases of attempted smuggling have been detected in the past three months, making it a worrisome trend. The smugglers, apart from using various modus operandi, also use newer carriers to hoodwink the officials.In the last two cases, two Chennai-based passengers were arrested for carrying drugs. In both cases, the contraband was meant to be taken to Malaysia. One of the carriers, AIU officials figured out, was a housewife who had been forced into the job by her family. The woman had made seven trips earlier and delivered drugs successfully. \"She had been forced and made a carrier for a meagre sum of Rs 1,700. She was involved as her appearance would have put her beyond suspicion,\"said a senior AIU official. Though the drugs were concealed in false suitcase bottoms, the carrier's background and looks were meant he help her sail through checks. AIU intecepted her on the basis of specific intelligence input.Earlier in the year, a Vietnamese professor of French and English and an Indonesian businesswoman were arrested for carrying cocaine. the duo were from well-to-do families and would not have been checked if not for a tip-off. \"Smugglers are increasingly sending carries of various nationalities and appearances. This is to elude the customs officials. A strong intelligence network is the only way of detecting more cases,\" an AIU official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355694", "title": "Ireland keen on more Indian students", "text": "BANGALORE: For Ireland, India is a massive sea to fish from. The country has 900 Indian students on its campuses and hopes to double the numbers in the coming years.Education Ireland, the government organization responsible for the development and growth of Ireland's education sector, conducted a campaign to spread awareness about their universities here on Saturday. The event had 16 institutes participating. Similar events will be conducted in Mumbai and Delhi as well.\"Representation of Indian students on our campuses is miniscule. The US and China are the larger contributors of foreign students. The government is making a conscious effort to double the number of foreign students in the next few years,\" said Julie Sinnamon, executive director, Global Business Development, Enterprise Ireland.Indian students usually pursue business and technology courses in Ireland. \"The best part is the industry collaboration our educational institutions have. Student visas allow them to extend their stay for another year to search for job. The government is also looking at funding for students,\" she added.\"Most of the Indian students opt for business and computer science. We even had Holi and Diwali celebrations on the campus,\" said Suchita Ohri, country adviser India, Trinity College , Dublin.\"Mathematical ability of Indian students is commendable. They are deeply curious and that is the spirit of our university. We have less than a 100 students on campus now and are, therefore, hoping for an increase,\" said Trevor Holmes, vice-president for external relations, University College Cork.The fair addressed pertinent topics, including university-industry linkage through research and business collaborations, scholarships, visa, stay back options and job security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355494", "title": "Ranji Trophy: A Shah and Sharma show for Mumbai", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two brilliant centuries and two big partnerships put Mumbai in a position of strength on the first day from where they can call the shots.For a team at the bottom of Group A in their Ranji Trophy campaign, Hyderabad's choice of wicket at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium for their fourth round fixture defied logic.To top it, they played three medium-pacers on a wicket dead as a dodo; handing caps to Ravi Kiran and K Sumanth - the latter in the team as a batsman, though.Aditya Tare , Hiken Shah (154, 345m, 260b, 17x4) and Rohit Sharma (102, 208m, 161b, 9x4, 3x6) made capital of the situation in the home ranks to power Mumbai to 325 for two.Given the fact that Shah and Sharma are unbeaten and if the way they played on Saturday is any indication, respite for the Hyderabad attack looks unlikely.Not unless they get their act right, or not until someone gets run out like Tare - which seemed the only way Hyderabad could get a wicket on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17356413", "title": "'Homecoming' begins with Tata oration", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The two-day Homecoming 2012 kicked off at XLRI on Saturday with the JRD Tata oration on business ethics by Chris Lowney, chair-elect, Board of Catholic Health Initiatives, US, being the highlights of the day.Delivering the oration on \"Heroic leaders: Who they are and how they live\", Lowney said, \"To realize our full leadership potential, we all need to get more explicit and more purposeful about ourselves as leaders, about what kind of leaders we want to be, and about how we will project that in our families, workplaces, and the other arenas in which we interact.\"He said great leadership was focused on purpose greater than self, great leaders were self-aware and great leaders loved those who they lead. \"But if we are to lead our own lives, not to mention to lead others, we need to make fundamental investments in knowing ourselves,\" said Lowney.The other highlights of this year's event has been conferring the \"lifetime achievement\" award on Tata Steel vice-chairman B Muthuraman for his contribution to the society.Avijit Ghosh, VP, technology and economic development and professor of business administration, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, US, and Rakesh Kapoor, CEO, Reckitt Benckiser , bagged \"distinguished alumnus\" awards.Earlier, Tata Steel MD H M Nerurkar welcomed the delegates. \"It gives me great pleasure to welcome you all at an event in XLRI that has been of great significance to us, ever since its inception in 1991-the annual JRD Tata Oration on Business Ethics,\" said Nerurkar.He said JRD Tata, himself an exemplary role model, delivered the first oration in 1991 and subsequently, XLRI had been truly privileged to have distinguished speakers from different realms to visit the B-school and share their thoughts and experiences in the field of business ethics.The prominent participants for the year include David D'Costa, CEO, Pure Water House, Sharad Goyal, head of HR, Google Inc; Ashok Aranha, VP, ArcelorMittal , UK and Sanatan Srivastava from ministry of external affairs, among others. XLRI director Fr E Abraham was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354831", "title": "HUDA demolishes illegal structures on Sec 52 land", "text": "GURGAON: In a daylong drive, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) removed encroachments spread over six acres of land in Sector 52 on Thursday.The HUDA demolition squad, along with policemen, reached Sector 52 in the morning and began work on removing over 100 hutments and an illegal market built on the HUDA land. Earlier, officials from HUDA Estate Office II had found that the land had been illegally encroached and a local pradhan had constructed hutments. \"The hutments were occupied by slum dwellers. The places became overpopulated in the past couple of months,\" said Estate Officer II Manoj Atri.HUDA has earmarked the land for development of residential and commercial purposes.HUDA is expected to remove encroachments from over 10 acres of land in various sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17355225", "title": "Did Churchill ditch British PM Asquith's daughter?", "text": "LONDON: The news of the sudden disappearance of former PM Herbert Asquith's daughter was perhaps the most shocking event of 1908's Edwardian summer, but the mystery behind it has finally been solved, it has been claimed.The 21-year-old was reported missing at Cruden Bay on the Scottish coast, where the family had been holidaying in 1908.Violet Asquith was discovered lying in wet grass on a rocky ledge above the sea - uninjured but apparently barely conscious, the Daily Mail reported.The story of Violet's brush with death is inextricably linked with her doomed love for a rising young star in her father's Liberal cabinet - Winston Churchill . Only 20 when she came under his spell, Violet met him one April weekend in 1907. Getting to know young Churchill, 12 years her senior and still unmarried, filled her with a sense of 'new excitement'. For Churchill, this was an obvious career advantage.At the time they started growing close, her father was still several months away from becoming PM. Churchill was determined that Violet would eagerly plead for him to be inducted in her father's cabinet and she didn't disappoint him.By the time spring turned to summer that year, Winston seemed to be on the verge of proposing to Violet. But she hadn't realized that Clementine Hozier the 22-year-old granddaughter of Scottish peer the Earl of Airlie had recently captured his heart. While he weighed the merits of the two women, Clementine won, and when he proposed, she accepted.When Churchill told her about the engagement though a note, Violet was utterly devastated, but put up a brave front. But, late on the afternoon of September 19, she left the castle with a book in her hand, wandered along the path above the cliffs where she and Churchill had once gone rock-climbing and disappeared for the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356423", "title": "Wives fight over husband\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dead body at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: There was high drama at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) after two women fought each other to claim the body of a man who had died of a heart ailment at the hospital on Saturday morning.Both women claimed to be wives of the deceased and demanded the exclusive right to cremate the body and over legal benefits accrued to the latter. Police had to intervene to keep the situation under control.Police said the deceased, Raman (56), a plumber at Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board, had two wives, Vasantha, 42 and Valli, 38. He had left Vasantha, 26 years ago. He married Valli later and settled with her at Iyyangad near Avathipalayam in Erode district. The couple had a son. Few days ago, Raman's health condition worsened and he was admitted to CMCH, where he died on Saturday morning.Later in the day, Vasantha, Valli and other relatives of Raman gathered at the hospital. Heated argument broke out between the two women about who would receive the body from the hospital. Police said that there was indeed the shock of losing one's husband. But each woman wanted to claim the body exclusively so that she could enjoy post-death benefits due to the dead man.Finally, Race Course police settled the matter and the two women agreed to end the fight. And, Raman's body was handed over to Valli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17361156", "title": "International conference on bear conservation begins tomorrow in New Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wildlife experts from several countries will assemble here tomorrow to discuss the opportunities and challenges of conservation of bears.The International Conference on Bear Research and Management (IBA), being held for the first time in India, is the largest conference focused on conservation and research of all eight bear species found in the world.The conference is held alternately in the Americas and Eurasia on an 18-month rotation.Officials said bear experts from 35 countries will present their latest research findings on the animal at the conference being hosted by the Union Environment Ministry in collaboration with the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Central Zoo Authority and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).The conference will provide opportunities to share learnings and build collaborations for conservation and welfare of all species of bears found worldwide, they said.\"India is unique in having four of the eight species of bears in the world,\" said S Sathyakumar, scientist, WII .\"With this conference, a new chapter has been initiated in Indian wildlife conservation. Not just are we hosting an international conference on bears for the first time in south Asia , this also brings a much-needed action plan and focus for similar other species in addition to our popular flagships,\" he said.About 180 research papers will be presented during the five-day conference.The participants include 350-400 persons including members of the International Association for Bear Research and Management, IUCN-SSC Bear Specialist Group, bear experts, field researchers, students and managers of bear populations and habitats.\"There is so much research being done on bears across the world. The IBA conferences provide a platform for the researchers to share their findings, so that these can be put into use to save bears,\" said Vivek Menon, Executive Director, WTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "anjuna", "code": "17355152", "title": "Locals, cops to stop Anjuna 'parties' jointly", "text": "Anjuna: North Goa SP Vijay Singh on Saturday met with locals of Anjuna who have been crying foul over the loud music played by shacks and at late night parties.TOI had reported on Friday that about 150 residents of St Michael's vaddo had come together to \"stop the menace\" during the tourism season, and had written to 15 authorities to \"stop the harassment, nuisance, mischief, danger and illegalities attached to the late night parties\".Singh met with over 50 affected residents, panch members, the Anjuna PI and police personnel of Anjuna police station. The locals apprised the SP about the problems they face because of the loud music played late into the night.Following the meeting, deputy sarpanch Savio Almeida and panch Lavino Rebello were appointed as representatives of the affected people who will contact the police whenever illegal rave parties are heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354468", "title": "Drive launched to stop violence against women", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of 25 organizations came together here on Saturday to launch a global campaign aimed at stopping violence against women. The \"One Billion Rising\" campaign aims to catalyse communities, groups and individuals to raise their voices and take action.The launch at Jamia Millia Islamia is a lead-up to February 14, 2013, when a billion people will rise for the campaign across the globe.\"We are not just battling with silence but with indifference bordering on apathy. Let the campaign resonate in those very spaces which matter,\" said Syeda Hameed, member, Planning Commission.Women's rights activist Kamla Bhasin said the rising violence against women was not about statistics but how long could it be tolerated. \"Today is a day dedicated to making a commitment to zero tolerance against violence against women by making government accountable and society responsive for ending it,\" she added.In 2011, the National Crime Record Bureau indicated that incidents of rape increased by 873% between 1953 and 2011 at a rate three times faster than all cognizable crimes put together, said a statement issued by the groups. According to the United Nations, one in three women in the world experiences assault and violence in their lifetime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354661", "title": "IPS officer in govt firing line", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Friday slapped a charge memorandum on senior police officer Nazrul Islam for questioning the government's policies in his recently published books.A memorandum indicates that a formal inquiry has now been lodged against the additional director general (training) for writing \"disharmonious\" elements that could incite reactions from certain communities. Nazrul Islam has also been charged for violation of the All-India Service Rules 1968.The IPS officer, who had penned several books criticizing the erstwhile Left government and the role of Marxists in controlling the police force, was censured by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government and denied promotions. The polarization of bureaucrats began with Islam and Mamata, then the opposition leader, coming in touch with officers who had been \"victims of Left atrocity\".When Mamata became the railway minister in 2009, she put the police officer in charge of railway safety and reportedly promised him the police commissioner's post once she assumed power. But he was made an officer on special duty (OSD) in the home department when Mamata took over as the chief minister of the state.Since then, the police officer has repeatedly run into confrontations with the current government. Things turned worst on Friday as the government made clear its intentions and took the first step towards a formal inquiry against him.While there are several instances of IPS officers being served with charge memoranda in the Left Front tenure, this was the first such instance in the 18-month-old Trinamool government, marking the beginning of a long-drawn disciplinary proceeding.Nazrul Islam has written two books with similar contents. The one titled \"Musalmander Ki Koroniyo\" is under the government scanner. The 102-page book criticizes the Bengal government for failing to improve the condition of Muslims in the state. Its preface reads: \"Though a lot has been said about the new government being an agent of change, nothing much has changed ...\"It is learnt that the chief minister, who holds the home portfolio, was unhappy with the four-page reply submitted by Islam subsequent to his one-page show-cause notice.According to the Conduct rules, an official should seek the government's permission for writing a book (save literary ones) and no official can criticize the government or its policies. The chief minister cannot afford to ignore Nazrul Islam's writings since his books have become a source of embarrassment for the government that is out to woo the minority community ahead of the crucial panchayat elections.In his reply Islam has quoted relevant sections of the Constitution to defend his right to freedom of speech and expression.Under scanner: by Nazrul IslamCountdownAugust, 2009: Mamata, as railway minister, asks Islam to go to Delhi as executive director, safety, Railway BoardSeptember, 2012: Police raid Islam's publisher Mitra and GhoshSeptember, 2012: Govt show-causes IslamOctober, 2012: Islam repliesNovember, 2012: Mamata govt slaps charge-memorandum on IslamPosting &amp; punishmentLast IPS officer to have charge-sheeted: A A KhanGyanwant Singh was charge-sheeted by the government based on court order related to Riz caseHarshest disciplinary action: dismissal, non-payment of gratuity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17359482", "title": "IIM Rohtak organizes 2nd \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndia for the Girl Child\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 mini-marathon", "text": "ROHTAK: People from different walks of life including students participated in the mini marathon organised by the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Rohtak on Sunday on the theme of \"India for the Girl Child' to spread awareness about the skewed sex ratio.The mini marathon includes three events -10 km men, 5 km men and women and 3 km schoolchildren. While Vikas Malik won the 10 km event, Devender Singh and Sakshi won the 5 km marathon in respective categories. Master Vishal emerged victorious in the 3-km run which was held for the first time to sensitize schoolchildren against the social evils of female foeticide and gender discrimination. There was a total prize money of Rs. 50,000 for the various categories, sponsored by Central Bank of India, Titan Eye +, LPS Bossard, Nysa Communications, Sehgal Jewellers, India Running and Dosa Plaza, an IIM spokesperson said.The IIM Rohtak director P Rameshan said on this occasion that the mini-marathon, symbolizing the long and often arduous journey awareness about saving the girl child and the need to increase the child sex ratio in the country.Apart from initiatives such as 'India for the Girl Child' mini-marathon, IIM-R has demonstrated its commitment towards social upliftment and fighting social evils through student-led initiatives such as Swabhav, which meets educational expenses of girl children of local auto-rickshaw drivers. There is an active Social Development Projects Cell at IIM-R, aiding the institute's commitment to creating a new socio-cultural milieu that has no place for painful social evils of the past and to mould its students as leaders with unparalleled social commitment, a spokesperson stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355900", "title": "IAF MiG-21 \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBison\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 crashes in Naliya, pilot safe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An Indian Air Force MiG-21 'Bison' fighter aircraft crashed at Drufi village in Naliya about 100 km from Bhuj in Kutch district at 11.30 am on Saturday. The pilot of the aircraft ejected safely but has suffered back injuries, sources said.The upgraded MiG-21'Bison' fighter belonged to No 3 squadron of Air Force's Ambala airbase. The aircraft was in Gujarat for some exercise and crashed soon after it took off from Naliya airbase on a routine training sortie. The aircraft was disintegrated into several pieces. A shepherd noticed the injured pilot in an open space and informed the local police. Subsequently, he was taken away by the IAF officials. A court of inquiry has been ordered into the crash. Five years ago, a MiG-29 of Jamnagar Air Force station had crashed into the Gulf of Kutch. In August this year, nine IAF personnel were killed in a collision between two Mi-17 helicopters during a practice for a bombing mission at Sarmat range in Jamnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356436", "title": "Hard time for passengers at Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Passengers at Ranchi railway station are having a tough time catching trains during rush hour because of closure of platform No. 1.Commuters have to walk along tracks to reach platform Nos. 2 and 3 since platform No. 1 was closed down on Thursday.The footbridge remains overcrowded most of the time, making it difficult for travellers to walk with luggage. \"The railways should have made some alternate arrangement before shutting the platform near the entrance,\" said Umesh Prasad Sharma, a senior citizen who arrived by Howrah-Ranchi Shatabdi Express on Friday afternoon.Another passenger, Sunit Rajmohan, who works in Bangalore, faced the same problem on reaching Ranchi. \"It is difficult to go to the platforms during office time. The situation is unimaginable,\" he said.However, railway authorities played down the problem and said no formal complaint has been lodged. \"There's no major problem,\" said station manager H K Pandey, adding that closure of that platform is creating the congestion.GRP constables have been deployed to monitor tracks, especially during peak hours, said GRP officer Ajit Kumar .The construction work at the platform will take 45 days. The station has five platforms, of which Nos 4 and 5 are not used for passenger trains and expresses. \"The main rush is therefore diverted towards platforms 2 and 3,\" said a railway official.\"The work has been sped up to ensure that the project is ready soon,\" said divisional railway officer G Malaya.Even the coolies have a hard time. \" Incomes have gone down due to the construction of the apron. Now it takes me around 15 minutes to reach platform number 2/3 or 4/5. Earlier because most of the premium trains used to depart from platform number 1 it was easy for us to carry the luggage,\" said Indradev Prasad, a coolie at Ranchi railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354681", "title": "Undertrial\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cop escort suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: The additional commissioner of police of the local arms unit on Saturday said that the constable who had escorted a suspended cop to a retail store in south Mumbai on Monday evening had been suspended after CCTV footage affirmed the same. The suspended cop was in custody for a murder case.The accused cop, Devidas Sakpal, who was escorted by Santosh Bhosale, was seen flouting prescribed norms meant for undertrials.Additional commissioner of police Vijay Chavan said that the team that escorted the accused on November 19 was attached with local arms unit, Naigaon and Bhosale is attached with local arms unit, Marol. \"We have taken strict action against him so that it sets an example,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17355939", "title": "PM should come in Lokpal ambit first, says Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare said he will support candidates of Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Admi party only if they pass his test of scrutiny.About the debate on Lokpal in the ongoing winter session, Hazare said Parliament should first have a discussion on the three written promises made by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . \"The promises include appointment of a Lokayukta in each state on the lines of a Lokpal, passing of citizens' charter and brining all government employees under the purview of Lokpal. However, the prime minister has not acted on the promises so far which is shameful,\" he said.The Gandhian said the Prime Minister should first come in the ambit of Lokpal which will make others follow suit and there will be no opposition to the watchdog. He said that Parliament has started a discussion on Lokpal because elections are approaching. \"All political parties know that people have realized that all parties are involved in corruption. So the parties are afraid that people may not vote them back to power. The ongoing debate on Lokpal in Parliament is nothing but an eye wash to show to the people that they are doing something in the matter.\"Hazare remarked that all political parties were involved in corruption and turning black money into white. \"Common people find it tough to get their work done unless they grease a few palms. The government has also failed to resolve issues faced by farmers,\" he said.Hazare said that he will address a rally of one lakh farmers in Orissa on November 28 and later address farmers in Aurangabad on December 2.\"I will go to New Delhi on December 3 to keep a watch on the proceedings in Lok Sabha. I also plan to hold a meeting with my team members to discuss the future course of action,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "moga (punjab)", "code": "17359403", "title": "British Airways employee dies in mishap", "text": "MOGA (PUNJAB): A British Airways employee was crushed to death by a bus while she was crossing the GT road here, police said on Sunday.Sarabjit Kaur (32), met with an accident last evening. After the mishap, she was taken to a Civil hospital here where the doctors declared her brought dead, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354738", "title": "The sound of silence", "text": "Recently, in this newspaper, a report prepared by four very competent Indian economists and commentators on perceptions about economic freedom across states has been reviewed (TOI, November 11) and our state has not done well, except in one category.Thus, pessimism about Bengal, which has been the focal point of a section of the media, got a real boost. The perception that education in the state is only characterized by skirmishes in colleges, public policy in health reflects only good doctors being victimized, law and order is in complete doldrums and everyone, especially industrialists, are leaving Bengal has been doing the rounds.The morning's newspapers and anchored programs in the evening on some channels often conclude that the state government has failed and the perception seems to be that if there is an election now, it will be kicked out of power.Though perception survey is not based on actual statistics and figures, but on the responses of chosen samples - and the sample can be terribly biased if the statistical population is large - many like me who voluntarily work for the government and that too at the top level of policy making are made to feel ashamed. Whom are we really serving? Tales of faults and failures seem to be the order of the day. Yet we, state workers beyond politics, remain positive and hopeful. Why?Interestingly, a few days ago two of those four economists - Laveesh Bhandari and Bibek Debroy - published a detailed report on performance of states in 2012 relative to 2011 based on central government statistics and as a follow up of their regular annual work ( (India Today-ORG joint report, India Today , Nov 12, 2012). The report was kept in the dark. Not even a few lines were devoted in newspapers.It looked at 20 major states and other small states and evaluated performance on macro-economy, law and order, health, education, consumer market, agriculture, infrastructure and investment. It is unnecessary at this stage to go into the details of the report which anyway is not available. But general trends are easy to discern.The overall ranking puts Bengal in sixth position with an improvement from 17th as reported in 2011. No other state, except MP, demonstrates such upward mobility. Agriculture (from 20th to seventh place), governance (from 10th to second) and education (from 17th to third) have done wonders.The performance on health, infrastructure and investment looks healthy. In investment, it has jumped from 15th to ninth position. Bhadari and Debroy justifiably have not used any state-level figures to remove comparability bias.Prima facie, their conclusions are consistent with the facts that Bengal has emerged as one of the top or possibly top procurers of foodgrains last year. According to a central government ministerial website it is in the top three states, which have received maximum number of investment proposals in 2011 and currently its bitter rival, the central government has openly praised its policy of tackling Maoists, so much so that the model of development and controlled aggression is hailed as the model for Indian states.Yet, such a report was sidelined not only by others but by Bhandari and Debroy themselves. In their observations adjacent to the report on ranking, Bengal has not been mentioned even once.They wrote on Uttarakhand as the \"most improved state\" in education when it rose from the rank of 15th to first, but failed to notice Bengal, which has come up from 17th place to third. Numerically, the degree of improvement is the same.Deliberate denial mode continues when they identify Kerala as the \"most improved state\" in governance as it moves up from fourth to top place. But they ignore West Bengal, which moves from tenth to second. This is not unexpected as the relevant and noted publishing outlets have not been supportive of the present government. They also do not want to showcase Bengal, though they could not rule it out as an outlier. If statistics does not lie for Kerala and Uttarakhand how can it for Bengal?At best, Bengal should stay on the margin as the dark horse, who should not have been there. It does not gel well with the perception story. It does not do justice to the foregone conclusion that a non-corrupt non-dynastic less-articulate absolutely homegrown people's leader born neither out of communist manifesto nor of patronage of political royals, but of virtues and vices of cutthroat politics of present times is not here to succeed.She is a temporary custodian who came in because others failed. It is just a five-year affair and she has to fulfill her promise in a year and then move out. It is an aberration that she allows committees and executives to function without any political interference, converts resolutions in meetings immediately into government orders and actions such as setting up fair price medicine shops in all public hospitals through public private participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356738", "title": "Revenue dept withholds DC's controversial order", "text": "MYSORE: The government has finally stepped in to address the crisis following charges that district minister S A Ramdas is trying to grab prime land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills.The revenue department on Saturday withheld the controversial order by Mysore DC P S Vastrad, which said that 2,000 acres at the foothills is not a government land. Principal secretary (revenue) Latha Krishna Rau withheld the order dated June 20.She has relied on the report submitted by Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi on August 27. She did so after referring to Jayanthi's report that the land is reserved for public purpose implying that it is indeed government property.BJP MLC G Madhusudhan said that the DC's order has been withheld by the government. \"It was in response to my charges. But my demand has been that Vastrad be transferred and action be initiated against him,\" the legislator told STOI.In her letter, Jayanthi has said the controversial land at the foothills is reserved for public use and steps should be taken to conserve it as government properties, notwithstanding the assertion from the Mysore royal family that it is their private property. Overruling Vastrad's judgment that it is not government property, Jayanthi asked the government to declare it as green belt.Jayanthi had referred to the DC's letters (dated August 8 and 21) to her and the complaints that she received from Madhusudhan about the land row (dated August 24 and 25). In her 13-page report, Jayanthi has said that she studied related documents and referred to the agreement the Mysore maharaja Jayachamaraja Wadiyar entered into with the Union government on January 23, 1950 (ahead of the unification of erstwhile Mysore state to India.During her investigation, it has come to light that the land records for prime Kurbarahalli have some discrepancies. \"There are government buildings and open spaces that are in the possession of horticulture and forest departments in the land in question, which should be conserved as government properties on priority,\" she has stated. Three months after her report, the revenue department has stepped in and withheld the DC's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355526", "title": "Nitish Kumar govt enters crucial phase with eye on imagination", "text": "PATNA: Just as the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government in the state enters its last three crucial years of its second term in the office, the pressure has come on it to keep the lustre of its performance sustained in public imagination.It was very much visible both during and after the release of the 96-page Report Card-2012. The pressure emanates from the fact that the country would have parliamentary elections in 2014, to be followed by the elections for the state assembly in 2015, implying that the state government is left with only 2013 as intermediate-level platform before 2014.Naturally, be it the main delivery of CM Kumar or the introductory opening speech of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , or even the content of the Report Card-2012 itself, the concern -- if not pressure -- to remain in public imagination was tangible. The CM himself was more than candid in underscoring this fact in a veiled manner: \"Whatever we have done and achieved will always appear to be less. For, still more requires to be done, because nothing much had been done in the past (read the 15-year-long Lalu-Rabri regime.).\"Modi, earlier, had set the tone: \"Bihar has always made new history. Till recently, it had been in the field of (social and political) movements. Now, in the last seven years, Bihar has made, and is also making, history in good governance.\"Both Nitish and Modi referred to the kudos and acclaim that the state government under the present dispensation received from various quarters, both national and international. The Report Card-2012, in fact, has included the quotable quotes in this regard under the head: \"An Impressive Turnaround Some Prominent Voices.\"The \"prominent voices\" listed include economist Vivek Debrai, banker Deepak Parekh , chairman Adi Godrej, Pakistan Senate leader-cum-Pakistan People's Party general secretary Jehangir Badar, Infosys chairman K V Kamath , Pakistan high commissioner Salman Bashir, Nepal PM B Bhattarai, Canada high commissioner Stivart Bake, and UNFPA India representative Federica Meizer.Even on the sidelines of the main function, the ministers in the government were concerned about it. Rural works department minister Bhim Singh sounded frank: \"At present, the construction of rural roads (linking of villages having population of 250) and improving the power scenario of the state are on the priority list of the government (read CM Nitish) . The 88% people living in the rural areas will feel the presence of roads. Those living in towns and farmers dependent on electricity for irrigation purposes would experience improved life due to availability of power. By 2014, things should become visible on both fronts.\"The sensitivity of their overt concerns could be easily gauged. As it appeared, the thinking at the highest level in the state government is that the thrust on the road map prepared for integrated growth in agriculture sector (improved irrigation and electricity, augmented production, high productivity of yield, marketing, infrastructure for transportation, processing units, cold chain system), now in the second year of its implementation, would take care of the yearning of farmers for increased income.By corollary, the presence of core network of rural roads and improvement registered in availability of power, expectedly by 2014, would only add to the solid foundation of the state government, despite hiccups being caused by downgrading of the improved law and order situation in the second term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17355764", "title": "Banaras Hindu University organises lecture on restorative justice", "text": "VARANASI: The Current Law Forum, Law School, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organised a lecture on 'restorative justice as a new dimension of the criminal justice system of the United States' on Saturday. Delivering the lecture, Joanne Katz, Professor of Law, Missouri Western State University, US outlined the key elements of 'restorative justice' as a principle of criminal justice system.In her lecture she focused on the various components and processes of restorative justice as it is administered in that country.Emphasizing the merits of the principle, she said that while in the traditional criminal justice system focus is on the offender, in restorative justice it is on the victims and the community. In this system of justice, the offender is asked to repair harms done to the victim as part of the community, which has a very positive impact on the offenders too.Introducing the theme of the lecture, Prof BC Nirmal, Dean of the Faculty of Law, said that while traditional criminal justice system, which is geared to protect the rights of offender, it fails the parties most harmed by the crime, the victim and the community. The harm caused to them can result in feelings of victim dis-empowerment, and community powerless.Restorative justice is a growing approach to justice, which holds an offender directly accountable to his victim and the community. While victim's concerns have been addressed in Indian criminal justice system, the concept of restorative justice as understood in the US has yet to be recognized in India, he said.Seminar: The department of Neurology, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, organised a seminar on epilepsy on Saturday.Appointed: Prof SB Rai has been appointed head of the department of Physics, Banaras Hindu University, for a period of three years.Building dedicated: The newly constructed Maharshi Vedvyas Bhawan at the Faculty of Sanskrit Vidya Dharma Vigyan was dedicated by the vice-chancellor of BHU Lalji Singh on Saturday.Vocal competition: The City Delegacies of Banaras Hindu University organised a vocal competition on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17356134", "title": "HIV+ family thrown out, reinstated in own house", "text": "JODHPUR: A family of six including four children were thrown out of their house by neighbours after the latter came to know that four members of the family, barring two children, were AIDS-affected. The family, after spending nearly 20 days on the streets, were put back in their house by an NGO and the district administration.The family was evicted from their house on November 6 after a worker of an NGO, Jeevan Aadhar Community Care Centre, made it public to their neighbours that they were HIV positive. The head of the family, a mason, with his pregnant wife and four children where manhandled and thrown out of their house by neighbours. The entire family then shifted to Umaid Hospital as the woman suffered injuries and started bleeding when the neighbours pushed them out of the locality. The neighbours claimed that they would also get infected if the family continued to live there.Once out of the hospital, the family spent time wandering here and there in the city and finally made railway station their home where they were spotted by a local NGO, Jodhpur Network of People Living with AIDS. \"We initiated the efforts to rehabilitate them and brought the matter to the notice of the administration,\" said Dinesh Joshi of the NGO.On the interference of district collector Gaurav Goyal, some policemen from the concerned police station who had earlier refused to lent an ear to the woes of the family, went to the locality and warned the neighbours and re-accommodated the family in their house.\"We sent an official from social welfare department along with the police and resettled them in their house. Apart from this, we also ensured preventive action by the police against those who had thrown them out of the locality. We have also written to the State's AIDS Control Society complaining against the NGO Jeevan Aadhar Community Care Centre, whose worker made the mistake of informing about the family's HIV status to the neighbours,\" said GoyalJoshi told that the worker of the NGO, who made it public to the people, had visited the family as part of the periodic follow up of such cases. \"But it was the family, who had to suffer due to ignorance of that worker who made it public,\" said Joshi. He attributed the mistake to the lack of seriousness on the part of the NGO which did not educate the staff properly on such sensitive matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356564", "title": "Youths line up to check out Bofors gun, T-90 tank", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandimandir-based Western Command authorities displayed Army equipment and military pipe band at Sector 17, Chandigarh, on Saturday.Students of Rashtriya Military School, Chail, (HP) and other schools of Chandigarh attended the display with the youth enjoying the T-90 Tank ride and the feel of Bofors gun.The students of Gurukul Global conveyed their best wishes to Major Gen R G Krishnan, a senior officer of Western Command, for troops of the Indian Army deployed in forward areas. In all, more than 1,000 people witnessed the event.Next equipment display will be held at Dussehra Ground, Phase VIII, Mohali on November 26 from 9am to 1pm.Equipment display is part of Army's youth programme \"know your army\" which is aimed to reach out to students and youth in order to increase their awareness about Armed Forces. Western Command is also carrying forward this \"Youth outreach programme\" in the form of motivational talks and interaction in schools and colleges of the city.Spokesperson of the Western Command said these initiatives are aimed at exposing the youth to the way of Army life and motivating them to choose defence forces as a career. \"This will also wean them away from societal ills, which may lead them astray,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360741", "title": "Susan Boyle finds diving show offer hilarious", "text": "Scottish singer Susan Boyle , who has been approached to participate in diver Tom Delay's show \"Splash!\", finds the idea funny as she can't swim.Delay, an Olympic medallist, has invited the singer to show her diving skills in the show that challenges celebrities to put their best foot forward and jump in the pool.But Boyle, 51, is scared of water.\"I did get asked to be in a diving show recently, which is hilarious because I can't swim and I'm utterly terrified of water,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted her as saying.\"I wouldn't have made it to the first step of the diving board,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354612", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay Rs 50k", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has asked ICICI Lombard General to compensate a client by paying Rs 50,000 as \"harassment and litigation expenses\". It has also asked the company to cough up Rs 4,63,814 as insurance claim to their client Lekh Raj.\"Rejecting the contention, the opposite party is directed to pay Rs 4,63,814 at 9% interest from the date of realization. We also award Rs 50,000 as compensation for harassment and litigation expenses to the complainant,\" stated the order by President Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum CK Chaturvedi and member SR Chaudhary.The bench also remarked on the company's defence, saying \"the opposite party arbitrarily denied the claim under the shelter of a fabricated story of the surveyor that the driver was different, which is totally unlawful/deficiency of service and breach of contract\".Lekh Raj claimed that the company had refused to pay the insurance amount to cover the damages to his truck. The truck was involved in an accident in Mayur Vihar on May 16, 2008. \"The vehicle had met with an accident in Mayur Vihar on the intervening night of May 16, 2008, and information was immediately given to the opposite party; and a surveyor was also appointed for inspection,\" said the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "17354277", "title": "Stone blocks fall off Baladevjew temple", "text": "KENDRAPARA: Stone blocks fell from the exterior wall of 300-year-old Lord Baldevjew temple here on Saturday, leaving priests and devotees in a state of panic.Though the temple was crowded because of the ongoing holy 'panchuka brata', nobody was hurt in the early morning incident. The stone blocks that fell off weighed more than 30 kg each.The state government has taken up conservation work of the shrine with state archaeology department carrying out conservation work. \"We have asked the department to prevent people from going to the repair place,\" said Kendrapara collector Durga Prasad Behera.\"As part of the conservation project, of the ancient heritage site, de-plastering of the outer portions of the temple is being carried out at present. The stone blocks have fallen off the de-plastered zone. here is no cause for worry regarding safety as a scaffolding has been installed,\" Behera said.\"We have asked temple authorities to maintain a distance from the repair spots,\" said state archaeology department curator Ashwini Kumar Satapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17360509", "title": "A people's assembly being organized in Delhi, puts common man to the fore", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the winter session of the Parliament has kicked off, a number of grassroots workers and social organizations plan to come together at Jantar Mantar in Delhi from Monday, November 26 to highlight the voice of the common man.The assembly co-planned by over 50 organisations over five days plans to draw up a people's charter in the wake of the 2014 General Elections in India. \"We want to make it clear to parties that we will hold them accountable for not acting in this session and term of Parliament as well as ensure that people's issues find prominent space in their manifestos in 2014.\" stated the group. The manifesto which aims to outlines the concerns of the poor and marginalized will examine the scope of decentralized governance, fight sedition law and state repression which have emerged as major concerns in recent times and collectively put economic policies through the scanner.The group will also advocate the speedy passage of bills and amendments which have been pending over the years, including the much-publicised Lokpal bill and lesser known but equally pertinent legislations pertaining to land acquisition, whisteblower protection, judicial accountability and grievance redresal.It intends to study the role of the state towards providing Indian citizens social security benefits such as pension, health and education besides protecting rights of unorganized workers.Such citizens' platforms are a significant contribution to the participatory democratic process and their voices must echo in the highest quarters. Their demands should encourage the Parliament to deliberate and speed up the passage of pending legislations.The platform includes organizations such as Centre For Advocacy Research, Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan, Pension Parishad and National Alliance of Peoples Movments among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354862", "title": "Maha ATS in alert mode for Kasab revenge acts", "text": "NAGPUR: Security agencies, especially the units of Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS), have started working on the input that the 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab's execution last week may trigger acts of revenge from antinational forces. The Intelligence bureau (IB) and state police headquarters have issued alerts to Maharashtra police units regarding the threat perception, it is learnt.The state ATS units have begun summoning alleged activists of the banned organization, the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), and verifying their current status. The focus is now on those who had earlier been booked for antinational activities.After Indian Mujahideen activist Mohammed Quateel Siddiqui, who triggered the German Bakery and other blasts, was murdered, a series of low intensity blasts took place in Pune. Agencies believe this was to avenge Siddiqui's death and now are not ruling out similar action after Kasab's hanging.With the fourth anniversary of the attack in Mumbai a day away, the security agencies have now stepped up vigilance.In Nagpur, the security agencies have started preparing for all eventualities. They will be tested next month when the winter session of the state legislature would be held. Sources in the police department said that the special branch has been put on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355428", "title": "Hafiz Saeed offers prayers for Kasab", "text": "LeT founder Hafiz Mohammad Saeed led a gathering of thousands in offering funeral prayers for Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving terrorist involved in the Mumbai attacks who was hanged earlier this week, a report said on Saturday. Saeed, the mastermind of the 2008 assault on Mumbai, offered 'ghayabana namaz-e-janaza' (funeral prayers in absentia) for Kasab after the training session of Jamaat-ud-Dawah near Lahore. The event was attended by thousands of people, the Urdu newspaper Daily Express reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17356490", "title": "Council of Scientific and Industrial Research chief lauds National Metallurgical Laboratory for contribution in science", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The city-based National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML) is the shining star among the 37 laboratories of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) in the country and its contributions have figured in all documentations prepared by the council for its ongoing 70th year of celebrations.The compliment was given by CSIR director general Prof. Sameer Kumar Brahmachari who was addressing the NML employees on the 63rd foundation day on Thursday.\"The CSIR has been a pioneer in inducting and nurturing scientific talent in the country through the CSIR-UGC NET examination,\" Prof Brahmachari said.Council of Scientific and Industrial Research has set up the Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR) as an institution for awarding degrees in frontier areas of integrated and interdisciplinary domains of science and technology.\"The academy will primarily focus on research and impart training in such areas that are not ordinarily provided by the existing universities in India,\" said Prof. Bramhachari.He also said the CSIR supported about 7,500 research scholars for doctoral research in science and technology adding about 500 PhDs to the nation's S&T; knowledge resource every year.According to the CSIR chief, during the 11th Five Year Plan, the CSIR has recommitted itself to optimally utilize its scientific prowess for the socio-economic development of the millions of Indians.National Metallurgical Laboratory director Dr S Srikanth said the institute's research and development and pilot studies were aimed at meeting urgent requirements of the mineral and metallurgical industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356588", "title": "Verma winner in handicap 17 category", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shiv Dayal Verma emerged the winner with 46 points in the handicap 17 and above category at the Times-IGP Golf Tournament, organized by the Times of India and Chandigarh police, on Saturday. While the second spot was bagged by T S Sibia, who was a point behind with 45 points, the third position went to Colonel Sohi, who scored 42 points.In the handicap 10-16 category, T L Verma was the winner with 45 points whereas Puneet Jain with 41 points came in second and the third spot went to Amarender Singh Aulakh, who too, shot 41 points, but emerged third on the countback of play.In the lowest 0-9 handicap category, Colonel N S Bains won the first prize with a total of 39 points. While Bhupinder Singh came in second with 38 points, Colonel Prem Kumar stood third with 37 points. This proved to be the most competitive category as just a single point separated the winners.Among the women who wielded the club, Sunita Singhal emerged the winner with 38 points and Ratia came in second with 31 points, leaving Pauline J M Singh, who equalled her score of 31, at third position after the countback.Some special prizes were also awarded at the tournament. Shiv Dayal Verma was awarded the special prize for a hole-in-one.The closest to hole in the first shot on hole number 7 was won by General G P Singh. While the most accurate and longest drive on hole number 11 went to Raj Arora, a prize for the longest drive on hole number 4 was awarded to Amarinder Goga.General Officer-in-Command, Western Command, Lieutenant General Sanjiv Chachra , Chief of Staff, Western Command, Lieutenant General A S Chabbewal and DGP UT P K Srivastava graced the occasion and presented trophies to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356414", "title": "Marandi's Panem mines blockade enters Day 9", "text": "RANCHI: Transportation of coal from the Pachuwara mine in Panem, a joint venture company of Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB) and EMTA Group of Companies, remained disrupted for the ninth consecutive day due to an agitation launched by Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P). The protests, led by party chief Babulal Marandi , has disrupted coal supply to a power plant belonging Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB).JVM-P supporters along with Marandi have been on a dharna since November 16 and are demanding a tripartite agreement between the company, local residents and Jharkhand state to ensure 100% completion of all welfare projects promised by the company within a given time frame.Party general secretary Pradeep Yadav said a delegation of the company met Marandi on Saturday for talks. \"The company had promised to complete all welfare projects by 2007, but the villagers say that they have not fulfilled kept their word. Today, we handed over a charter of demands - including construction of a Plus II school, a 50-bed hospital, a permanent job to at least one person from each displaced family and make the reclaimed land, where mining is over, arable,\" said Yadav. He added that the party will continue the agitation even if it means no supply of coal to plants in Punjab until their demands are accepted by the company management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17359083", "title": "Visas for Pakistan cricket lovers on production of return tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Government may issue a multi-city visa to Pakistani cricket lovers planning to witness the forthcoming cricket series beginning December 25 if they provide tickets of the matches and return ticket besides having an Indian sponsor.A committee formed within the Union Home Ministry has suggested that tickets to the venue and the return tickets would ensure regulating the visiting Pakistani cricket lovers, official sources said.Union Home Ministry, while giving a go ahead for Indo-Pak cricket series, had conveyed to Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) that it would have to strictly abide by the rules framed for allowing Pakistani spectators to enter into India.The move comes in the wake of reports of security agencies that as many as 12 Pakistanis had not returned after the 2007 cricket series besides the interrogation of American born Lashker-e-Taiba terrorist David Headley who had told the US investigators that wanted terrorist Sajid Mir had visited Mohali and the national capital as a cricket fan during which he had surveyed important installations including National Defence College.The Home Ministry has made it mandatory for each Pakistani cricket fan intending to witness the forthcoming cricket series beginning December 25 to have a local sponsor to get visa.The Home Ministry will also seek advance list of special guests of Pakistan cricket board who will be issued multi-city visa, the sources said.The visa applicants will also have to attach a copy of the ticket purchased to watch the series that would comprise three ODIs and two Twenty20 Internationals between December 25, this year and January 6, next year. The ODI matches will be played in Chennai, Kolkata and New Delhi and the Twenty20 games in Bangalore and Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356007", "title": "Indians and cowboys", "text": "The details are still fuzzy as to who shot who, but the rivalry between liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep ended in bloodbath at their Chattarpur farmhouse last week. Not just the brazenness of the act but also the wanton display of firepower stunned the entire country, forcing the Supreme Court to take suo motu cognizance and question the national gun-control norms. Clearly, the market for illegal weapons is booming in India. But where are the guns coming from, and how big is the business?A source in army intelligence says that one doesn't have to try too hard to get the most preferred weapon in India\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe AK-47 and AK-56 . In Delhi's Karol Bagh lies Gaffar Market, a one-stop destination for all electronic goods, including cellphones . Right from brand-new originals to fakes, everything is available here at a cheaper price. But what most people don't know is that Gaffar Market is also the place where you can buy an AK-47 of Soviet make or its younger sibling, the AK-74, for anything between Rs 60,000 and Rs 5 lakh, depending on the originality of the weapon. Knockoffs are cheaper and usually originate in Hungary, Bulgaria, Pakistan or China. Incidentally, the original Russian manufacturer, Izhmash Corporation, no longer makes the AK-47 or AK-56; in fact, Kremlin is planning to destroy five million AK-47 s piled up in its arsenal. Experts, however, fear these unused Russian rifles would ultimately land in the illegal weapons market.\"The arms market is thriving in India and the law is ill-equipped to put curbs on it. Sophisticated small arms enter India through Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab, Rajasthan, regions bordering Nepal, Nagaland and Manipur; some are also made in places like Munger in Bihar. But the percentage of people owning such guns is lower as compared to those owning country-made firearms such as kattas or tamanchas,\" says Major General (retd) Dipankar Banerjee of Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies.Small, difficult to trace factories spread all over Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Bihar manufacture kattas, 10 and 12 bore shotguns and even rifles. These weapons are favourites with local gangs that indulge in robberies, kidnappings and extortions. What's worse\u00e2\u20ac\u201deven schoolchildren have access to such weapons. Prashant Nautiyal (name changed) studied in Colvin Taluqdars College in Lucknow. He says some of the boys in his class would bring kattas and open fire in the classroom. \"I once remember a student throwing a bomb towards the teacher's dais in a maths class. Terrified, the teacher left the classroom. We were fortunate to escape unhurt,\" he says.Gun-control norms in India are somewhat stricter than other countries . Even then 40 million Indians own guns of whom 85% never register their firearms, says Gunpolicy.org. These weapons are responsible for 90% homicides involving a firearm . Yet there are groups in India that have been asking for relaxed gun laws. They reason that once more people have firearms, they will be reluctant to use them at each other. \"This demand must never be met. Indian society is still not mature, or else why would a woman wearing a miniskirt be molested, and that too in Guwahati which is otherwise quite progressive and peaceful?\", says IPS officer Dilip Bora, currently the additional director general of Assam Police.Northeast incidentally is a big source of illegal weapons. Bora says this market is controlled by insurgent groups such as Ulfa, NDFB and NSCN. \"Then you have these warlords who are surrendered militants and who survive on arms deals. They get all the prohibited bore weapons, such as 9mm pistols and carbines, and AK series rifles, from China and Pakistan. These weapons enter India through borders that are so porous that no amount of military or police patrolling can block these routes.\"But what if the armed forces are also a source of illegal weapons? \"Kashmiri militants had a standard gear in the 90s: an AK rifle, a Chinese 9mm pistol and five hand grenades . If five of them were killed, the army would have five rifles, five pistols and 25 grenades,\" says a source in army intelligence. \"But most of the time, the entire haul was never declared; some weapons were saved up to show future hauls. Sometimes, these weapons would disappear from the stock and invariably appear in the grey market.\"This perhaps explains why it's possible to walk into a market in the heart of Delhi and pick up an AK-47.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17356469", "title": "Funds crunch casts shadow on Daltonganj free eye camp", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The district blindness control society is facing funds crunch because of which uncertainty prevails over a free cataract operation camp in the winter season here. The free camp is conducted from December to March.Palamu civil surgeon Gopal Srivastava said efforts were on to seek funds from the state blindness control society and expressed hope that there would be free cataract operation camp in Daltonganj in some weeks from now.The programme officer of the Jharkhand state blindness control society, Dr Ashraf, said Palamu district blindness society had been provided Rs 12 lakh in 2011 for holding such camps and once its utilization certificate was received, funds for 2012 would be released.A total expenditure of Rs 750 is incurred per patient in the camp for cataract removal operation, said S K Jain, an organizer of the free camp here. \"On an average, more than 1,000 patients avail of facilities at the free eye camp every year.\"Ranchi Eye Bank director Dr D N Singh, who was here recently, told TOI that cataract removal operation has now been made easier and less time-consuming but is slightly costlier. The cost of each patient comes to Rs 11,000 in the new method of cataract removal operation including Rs 3,000 worth lens, he said.Five residents of Daltonganj having acute cataract problems in one of their eyes went for surgical intervention which lasted for less than 30 minutes in the operation theatre and the five were released in less than three hours after the operation.S S Ruby was one such patient to have this operation conducted on him who said the patients should avoid smoke, dust and jolt to eyes and sharp light for a week or so after operation for a better eye sight recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17356015", "title": "C T Ravi: Post-BSY exit, BJP can recoup", "text": "MANGALORE: Any move by former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa to part ways with the BJP with an intention of hurting the prospects of the party that has given him everything will not do his stature any good, said district in-charge and higher education minister CT Ravi said.\"The party is always bigger than any individual and this is the lesson that party workers, including me, who have seen his rise, learnt from him at various party fora,\" Ravi said.In an informal chat with reporters on the sidelines of KDP review meeting here on Saturday, Ravi said, \"It takes a person a minute to change his mind\" when asked about Yeddyurappa's decision to resign as a MLA and quit the saffron party on November 30, ahead of the December 9 launch of the Karnataka Janata Party.\"If he sits alone and reflects on what the party has done for him, he may still well go back from his decision to sever ties with BJP,\" he said.\"The BJP in the state went about its business of projecting Atal Bihari Vajpayee at the Centre and Yeddyurappa at the state-level. There is no place for individual agenda to thrive in an ideology-heavy and cadre-based party that BJP is,\" Ravi said, adding that the party's forefathers did not think twice before dissolving the Jan Sangh during the days of Emergency.\"BJP has always put the nation and the party before individuals,\" he claimed. Admitting that the BJP will suffer short term political reverses if Yeddyurappa indeed quits the party and starts KJP, Ravi said, \"BJP has the wherewithal to recoup from the losses and come out stronger in the longer run.\"His move may help a few opportunists to win as well, Ravi said, adding that such persons will seek to extract their pound of flesh for their support unlike the unquestioned loyalty that BJP workers have showered on him thus far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17355266", "title": "Tourism secretary announces incentives for state", "text": "GOA: Tourism secretary Pervez Diwan announced a new policy to facilitate state clearances for international cinematic projects at NFDC's Film Bazaar. The policy will provide an incentive of upto Rs 2lakh per project for a maximum of five films per state.\"Cinema has helped boost the economy and tourism. We have a huge number of tourists travelling internationally and want to boost the number of inbound tourists as well,\" Diwan said.\"The policy focuses on inbound international cinema projects. This policy aims to incentivize the state government to speed up the permission for shooting. Filmmakers working on films neutral in nature and excluding themes related to terrorism will be encouraged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355524", "title": "50% allocation from Barh NTPC phase-II project", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday announced that the state would receive 50% power allocation from the Barh NTPC phase-II project. He said the state government is also fighting for more share from its project-I.Enumerating the measures taken by the state government on power front, Nitish said the four 110MW units of Barauni and Kanti thermal power plants are being modernized. \"The 195X2MW Muzaffarpur unit is under construction and another 195MW unit is on the cards,\" the CM said, adding the state government is constructing grid substations in five cities to strengthen the transmission system. He said the work will be completed by March 2013.\"The per capita electricity consumption in the state is 122 units while the national average is 779 units. Despite in our limited resources, we have taken special measures to generate more power for consumers and we are trying to make the distribution system better,\" he said.Speaking on the distribution system, the CM said the power supply network is being strengthened in seven cities through a loan granted by Asian Development Bank (ADB). \"The distribution network in other 64 cities is being strengthened through restricted, accelerated power distribution and reforms programmes (RAPDRP),\" Nitish said, and added that 55 electricity substations, 72,000km dilapidated lines and damaged transformers are either being repaired or replaced.The CM also talked extensively about his vision on the development of fisheries and animal husbandry. \"Keeping this in mind, the state government has purchased 50 ambulatory vans equipped with modern equipments and veterinary medicines,\" he said.The government has also launched a cattle development scheme at a cost of Rs 101 crore. \"In the scheme, the frozen semen bank-cum-bull station, purchase of about 600 thawing machines and setting up of livestock development centre on PPP basis will be taken up,\" he said.The CM also announced 400 units of artificial insemination centres set up at a cost Rs 2 crore by COMFED and 714 milk producing cooperative societies constituted at a cost of Rs 2.50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358543", "title": "Lady Gaga spends Thanksgiving with Peruvian", "text": "Singer Lady Gaga spent Thanksgiving Day with Peruvian girls who have been sexually abused and currently live at a shelter in the poor Lima neighbourhood of Lurin.The US singer gave a concert Friday in the Peruvian capital on her tour of South America, but the evening before went to the Infant Jesus of Prague home.The institution provides shelter for 45 girls aged 2 to 13 who have been victims of sexual violence.The singer showed up with her makeup artist, wearing a green wig and dressed for comfort in a flowing orange blouse and long black skirt.Lady Gaga met the children at the home, shared their afternoon snack and entertained them with a few songs, according to local media.On her \"Born This Way Ball\" tour, the American singer had already engaged in other charitable activities before her concerts, as in Brazil where she visited destitute kids from a slum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354013", "title": "HC commutes death term in Dwarka triple murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has commuted to life term the death penalty given to a businessman convicted of killing his wife and two children. The court observed that although the crime was shocking, it cannot be said that the convict is \"irredeemable as a human being\".A division bench of justice S Ravindra Bhat and justice Pratibha Rani observed in a recent judgment that the death penalty was not the only sentence fit for Naveen Ahuja's crime and converted the capital punishment into life sentence. \"Though the heartless nature of the crime is shocking, yet,... he is not 'shut out from God and man' for the court to say that death penalty is the only sentence fit for his crime, and that it falls within the rarest of rare category of offences,\" HC noted.\"In view of the above discussion, the sentence of death imposed by the trial court is not confirmed, it is accordingly reduced to life imprisonment, which shall mean the rest of his life,\" the court directed. A trial court had awarded Ahuja death penalty in October 2010, saying \"life imprisonment was an inadequate punishment\" and the case amounted to \"rarest of rare case\".According to the prosecution, Ahuja, who was going through financial crisis, first shot dead his wife, Meenu, using a countrymade pistol and then strangled his minor daughter, Manavi. He later threw down the body of his daughter and young son, Manav, from his seventh floor apartment at Dwarka, west Delhi, on July 18, 2005.While the two children died instantaneously, Meenu struggled for life in a Delhi hospital but succumbed to her injuries later. Ahuja surrendered before the police and said that he had committed the act in a fit of rage as he was depressed due to his financial crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17356243", "title": "Won't campaign for political parties: Aamir", "text": "JALANDHAR: Actor Aamir Khan has made it clear that he will not campaign for any political party during the next elections, including that of Arvind Kejriwal's party.Aamir told mediapersons here on Saturday, \"I will not campaign for any party or individual. I stand for the cause and not with an individual or party. I want a very strong law against corruption and my position on that is very clear but I will not go the political way.\"Asked would he go with Anna Hazare or Kejriwal's way as both are adopting different strategies to fight corruption, Aamir said he would not support any party. Aamir termed as unfortunate the recent arrest of two women for posting their views on Facebook regarding Mumbai Bandh after Bal Thackeray's death.\"It is not a new phenomenon. Attempts have been made in the past also to curb the freedom of expression. However our democracy is getting more vibrant and social media is getting very strong so any attempt to curb freedom of expression would not succeed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17357001", "title": "Goa Congress MLA seeks probe into own govt", "text": "MARGAO: Congress spokesperson and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on Saturday joined the chorus of politicians demanding a CBI probe into the former Congress government's denotification of parking land at Dabolim.Lourenco told reporters he was making the demand in his capacity as the Congress party's spokesperson.State Congress president Subhash Shirodkar, however, said that Lourenco's views were not that of the party. He said the view of the party was that there was no such scam.Lourenco, however, also alleged that present CM Manohar Parrikar of the BJP also benefitted from the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17356651", "title": "PPP to power mega projects in North Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: To give a boost to big ticket public private partnership (PPP) power projects in north Karnataka and other parts of the state, the energy department has set up an exclusive PPP cell.PPP projects identified include 400kv lines in Gadag, 400kv circuit lines between Puttur and Raichur RTPS, solar park in Bijapur and some projects in Hescom and Gescom worth several thousand crore rupees.Headquartered in Bangalore, the PPP cell will monitor and supervise the projects under development, facilitate projects in accessing various government support, it will deliberate on the policy framework for ensuring investments in the state through PPP model.DN Narasimharaju, principal secretary to energy department, said these power sector projects are increasingly large and complex in nature and require large investments and technology. So, PPPs are expected to provide optional and new solutions for development of major projects in the state.Large &amp; complex projects Explaining the need for PPP mode for these projects in north Karnataka, the department maintained that the power sector projects are increasingly large and complex in nature and require large investments and technology. A senior official in the department said the state government will be hard pressed to invest in such projects. As an owner of the public sector undertakings, it may extend external support for borrowings by the utilities due to several constraints.\"In the changed global project development scenario, which requires acceleration of infrastructure development, PPPs are expected to provide optional and new solutions for development of major projects in north Karnataka and other parts of the state,\" he said.Reports of these four projects have been submitted to Hescom, Gescom and KPTCL. After comments from the departments, private players will enter the bidding process and thereafter negotiations will be done for the project cost and for other requirements, Narasimharaju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356061", "title": "Youth held for attempting to rape 3-year-old", "text": "JAIPUR: A youth allegedly attempted to rape his three-year old cousin sister under the influence of alcohol in Jhunjhunu's Surajgarh area. The girl's family caught the accused and informed the police. However, he managed to escape but was arrested by the police on Saturday.According to the police, the incident took place in Nanad village near Surajgarh on Friday evening.\"The teenager, Naresh Meghwal, was consuming alcohol at his house when his cousin sister came into the room while playing. Naresh attempted to rape her under the influence of alcohol,\" said a police officer.The girl's mother saw the act and almost fainted. \"A police team was rushed to the house to nab the youth. However, he escaped. An FIR was registered against him and a search was launched. He was arrested from Mandrella area in the district,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354858", "title": "This isn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t Mallory Towers,it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the Khadija Academy", "text": "Should you come across a teen fiction title called Zahra's First Term At The Khadija Academy, you'll have a sense of deja-vu. Where did you last read about a young girl, prone to mischief, reluctantly shipped off to a British all-girls boarding school and having all manners of adventure there? Sufiya Ahmed, the author of the Zahra set (which keeps up with the heroine's graduation through school) admits one could detect similarities with a certain Malory Towers series. \"I am a huge fan of Enid Blyton,\" admits Ahmed, on a recent visit to Mumbai from the UK, where she lives and runs a publishing house called Bibi Publishing, via which she published her Zahra books. Save for cultural variations, Ahmed's and Blyton's characters and mise en scene are mostly the same, and both imagine how school terrors can be bested\u00e2\u20ac\u201dBlyton's Darrell Rivers does it in a pinafore and Zahra in a head scarf and a jubbah, a smock-like tunic.In the UK and other parts of the world where publishing taxonomy has breadth and depth, Ahmed's work could be classified as Islamic fiction because of its cultural context and particular narrative that reflects Muslim life and identity. In India, you won't only be hard pressed to find a shelf of 'Children's Islamic Fiction' (which is fair because you won't even find 'Christian' or 'Hindu fiction'), but you may scarcely even find books that mirror Islamic identity and culture for a young readership. And while you may find enough about Hindu mythology and epics , try looking for a copy of My First Koran Storybook, or even My Islamic Village series for those squeamish about religious literature.Where Islam does exist in children's literature is in books that have become standard issue on 'communal harmony' or in tales from the Akbarnama and Arabian Nights.Books like Sufiya Ahmed's Zahra series and her recent Penguin title Secrets of the Henna Girl do just that\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtheir cultural signifiers may be Islamic but their personal and social narratives are universal and often contemporary. Moreover, literature about ethnicities removed from one's own help young people acquaint with other cultures early on. But try selling that to a 'progressive', 'secular' publishing industry. Ahmed, a Briton of Indian origin, was compelled to establish her own publishing house by an unresponsive mainstream.But that's changing, even in India, where independent publishers are dedicated to improving the quality and variety of Islamic books available to children because there's a growing market for it, albeit still largely a market for religious, value-based and historical literature. Goodword, a Delhi-based publishing house run by Saniyasnain Khan, noticed that \"most Islamic literature for children was in the traditional idiom, but what the young needed was literature in their language\". And so Khan started publishing books that could rival Puffin or Scholastic in quality and design. Many of his stories are extracted from the Koran or based on the prophets' lives and convey morals or lessons in ideal living. Goodword actually has a collection called Treasured Islamic Tales. For Muslim parents unable to find much by way of culturally resonant books in general bookstores, it's an affirmation of sorts. For Muslim writers, it's a new opportunity.\"There's scope for Islamic writing for youth who are keen to know about their religion through non-traditional channels,\" says Maria Khan, a 23-year-old writer, and graduate of Delhi University. \"They want to access Islam in a way that addresses their rationale.\" Another author, 48-year-old Vinni Malhotra, who goes by the penname Vinni Rahman, emphasises that such books are not dogmatic; they imaginatively play up universally accepted principles of good living. They could, no less, encourage inter-faith understanding. \"I want my books to be relevant to everyone; we have books on Christ, on Krishna, why not anything on Mohammed?\" she questions.Malhotra, like Khan, feel there are scarcely any mainstream publishers to whom they can pitch their ideas. On the other hand, Niveditha Subramaniam, editor with Tulika Books, claims, \"One of the reasons for the lack of stories on Islam is that we get very few manuscripts with Muslim characters or themes that are imaginatively written. While we have been able to include them in anthologies, individual picture books are fewer. This is an issue that has concerned us, so our efforts are to find ways of making the books as representative as possible.\"Until the twain shall meet\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMuslim writer and mainstream publisher\u00e2\u20ac\u201dchildren's books on Islam will have limited access to mainstream markets. No doubt they can presently be bought online (onlineislamicstore.com, islamicbooks.com) or at bookstalls and shops at Dongri or Mohammedi Ali Road like Book City or Taj Office. Abdullah Jadui, proprietor of Jannat Book Depot, a street stall smack outside Shalimar restaurant at Bhendi Bazar, says it's children's books that are bringing in the silver. \"I make close to Rs 1.5 lakh a month only in children's book sales at my four bookstalls,\" he says. \"My location, outside both the entrances of Shalimar, catches the eye of tourists, who constitute the chunk of my clients. It's good to know that books are becoming popular.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359535", "title": "I am dreading to face Bigg Boss: Imam Siddique", "text": "Imam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a fashion and image consultant, casting director, photographer, make-up artist, model, dancer, choreographer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who calls himself to be one-man industry, started the conversation with \"Ami Bangla beshi bolte pari na, kintu bolte bhalobashi. I miss Someplace Else in Kolkata\".Ashamed of his \"incorrigible\" behaviour on Bigg Boss , he apologized profusely and said, \"I couldn't understand the magnanimity of the situation I was in. It was a situation of unnatural reality. I am really ashamed of myself.\" Imam had done some shocking things like wearing a tight body-suit that gave an impression of his being nude, broke earthen pots, dustbins, misbehaved with Bigg Boss and howled and cried until he was taken out of the house.When asked to describe what exactly went wrong in the house and he said, \"I behaved very abnormally and very aggressively. It's an honest appeal to the public to excuse me and accept my apologies. What I have done is unacceptable. But please understand I have always been a free spirit, done everything according to my will and have never been in a situation like that before. So, I snapped. It was completely unnecessary. This time around I'll behave more maturely, responsibly and sincerely.\"The casting director who claims to have launched Vidya Balan, Amisha Patel, Preity Zinta and Maria Gorretti among many others, said he was going inside the house again to make amends. \"I need to apologize to the two people who have suffered most \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Aashka Goradia and Dinesh Yadav Nirahua \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and also Salman Khan . They must be thinking of me as a psycho. I went there to showcase my talent and will work towards do that.\"Ask him if he is afraid to face Bigg Boss, whom he had insulted during his stay, and he said, \"I am dreading it.\" So, what would he do in case he wins the reality show, he said, \"I would like to go to my village in Rajasthan, Banswara, and build a mud house and have ducks, hens and pecocks. It is the dream of my life. I want to put Banswara back on the map and have a domestic airport there.\"On the anniversary of 26/11, he also recalls his brush with terror, when he hijacked a local ambulance to rescue some of the first survivors from Taj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354742", "title": "Lakdawala kin, aide held for extortion", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Saturday arrested the first cousin of fugitive gangster Ejaz Lakdawala and his associate for extorting money from builders in Malvani.Lakdawala's cousin, Sameer Lakdawala (45), and his associate Mohammed Arshad Shaikh alias Chhota Arshad (35), were arrested by the anti-extortion cell of Mumbai police and were remanded in police custody. Sources said no one dared to complain against the duo as they had created so much terror.Arshad was released from jail in August after spending 22 years of imprisonment.Immediately after he was released, he opened an office along with Sameer and began settling disputes, including family and property disputes, in the area. The duo also hired three to four men as their bodyguards \"They would call those people who had bought or sold their properties in the vicinity and would ask for their share. If anyone protested, they would undress and beat the victims till they agreed,\" said Nitin Alaknure, senior police inspector of the anti-extortion cell.Last week, a resident of Qureshi Nagar in Kurla (E) lodged a complaint after being threatened. The complainant's grandmother had stated in her will that he would get one room in a chawl where she stayed. \"She died and he sold the flat. When Arshad learnt of the deal, he summoned the complainant and the buyer and demanded Rs 10 lakh from each,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Arshad told police that he wanted the money because he spent most of his life in jail. Arshad has around nine cases, including three murders registered against him and Sameer has three to four cases of rioting and assault. \"Sameer would also use his fugitive brother Ezaj's name to threaten victims,\" said inspector Sudhir Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "17356269", "title": "AIIMS begins OOPD at Jhajjar", "text": "JHAJJAR: The outreach outdoor patient department (OOPD) at the new AIIMS campus at Badhsa village in Jhajjar, 17 kilometres from Gurgaon, became functional from Saturday.After inaugurating the OOPD, Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad said it would be the first OPD in the country to provide free medicines to patients. Specialist doctors would treat patients having problems related to general medicine, orthopaedics, obstetrics &amp; gynaecology, paediatrics, ophthalmology, ENT and general surgery among other fields. Besides, it will also offer diagnostic facilities and services of digital x-ray. Provision for minor surgeries has also been made with two operation theatres.On the first day, around 100 patients were seen by doctors in the OOPD. With the inauguration of AIIMS-2, waiting period of OPDs at Delhi AIIMS would decrease considerably. A 600-bed cancer research institute with an estimated investment of Rs2,100 crore will also be set up in the campus of the institute apart from other institutes in the next five years. The cancer search institute would have clinical research as well as palliative care (treatment to relieve the pain in patients who are in advanced stages of cancer) facilities, besides having a 24X7 cancer emergency. The Union minister stated a cardiac care centre would also be set up at the same campus.OPD timings8:30 am to 11 am: Registration9 am to 1 pm: Consultation and treatmentOOPD will be functional from Monday to Saturday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17356156", "title": "Woman crushed to death in hit and run, 5 injured", "text": "SURAT: A woman employee of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) was crushed to death and five other women were injured when a speeding tempo rammed them from behind in the Varaccha area on Saturday.The women were going to Karanj SMC office after finishing their road cleaning work at around 10.45 am when the tempo hit them.Driver of the tempo, who was employed by Marshal Electricals, which had an SMC contract to repair street lights, fled the spot. Niru Jivabhai, who was run over by the vehicle, was rushed to hospital where she was declared dead.The injured women included Khimi Parmar, Uma Sosa, Janu Viras, Premi Maru and Chandrika Solanki, all cleaning workers employed in SMC. They are under treatment at the corporation's hospital.Eyewitnesses said the tempo was being driven rashly and the women had no chance to escape.\"The women were walking on roadside and before they could realize what was happening, the vehicle knocked them down and crushed one,\" said Anil Makwana, who saw the accident.Three people were sitting in the tempo when the accident occurred. All three escaped with the vehicle from the location, apparently fearing public ire.Police have lodged an offence and started a hunt for the driver and his co-passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355132", "title": "Justice Shah says govt's bad data delaying his third report", "text": "PANAJI: The Shah commission's third report on illegal mining in Goa has been delayed because of inconsistencies in export figures submitted by the state government.Commission chairman Justice M B Shah told STOI from Gujarat, \"The third report is not ready. It will take some more time for us to submit the report as there are inconsistencies in the export figures we have received from the state mines department. We are not getting proper export figures.\"He said the commission has sought more information from the mines department, which is likely to take some time. \"Once we receive this data, we will start work on the third report. There is no fixed time-frame for the report's submission,\" he said.The Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) too has sought more clarifications on the data submitted by the state mines department. Officials had pointed out \"significant inconsistencies and contradictions\" in the information submitted. On Saturday, the month's fourth and a non-working day for government offices, officials of the mines department were seen working to complete the data sought by the CEC.Immediately after the Shah commission report, the state government banned the export of iron ore from Goa till verification of documents of mining companies. Following the state government's decision, the Union minister for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan , suspended the environment clearances of all mining firms in Goa. And in October, the Supreme Court halted all mining activities in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355412", "title": "Ahmedabad's dog whisperer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He is like the pied piper of Shankdi Sheri in Raipur area. Everyday, his call at this busy commercial alley of the walled city does not go unheard. Even in the chaotic hum drum of, his dogs come in droves to Vinod Rathod's barber shop every day.Seeing him looking after the stray animals, even locals have stopped hitting the dogs or harassing them. It's a routine for Vinod. He feeds as many stray animals that come to his barber shop daily-not just dogs. He does not prefer buying food from the market and feed them-rather he brings home cooked 25 to 60 rotis and three to four packets of milk. This is not the only thing he does. He even rushes pregnant canines to the hospital when they have difficulty delivering the puppies.\"I am very fond of animals since childhood. I used to feed the street dogs of my locality since then. They don't speak our language but are beautiful beings and love you unconditionally. God wants us to do our bit for them. I save a specific part of my income to feed these dogs,\" he says.Locals remember him attending to an injured dog in the locality, who was hit by a rash autorickshaw driver. Vinod rushed the dog to an Amabawadi veterinary hospital and attended to the injured dog for a month. \"I was sad when the doctors had to ampute one of the dog's legs,\" says Vinod. Today Vinod's neighbour,Bakul Rathod too has started a small creche for stray dogs at his home. \"I was inspired by Vinod's routine and his love for animals is infectious,\" says Bakul.When asked if street dogs are a menace, Vinod says, \"The dogs recognize people by their smells. So if you are a regular in a locality, they wont do a thing or else they will just bark at you. Many of the shops here depend on these guard like dogs to keep criminals away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17354896", "title": "Electronic meters must for taxis in district from December 1", "text": "NASHIK: Commuters travelling by taxis in Nashik district can now look forward to a having fair deal as electronic meters will be made compulsory for these vehicles beginning December 1. Passengers may dial 18002331516 if taxi drivers refuse to charge by the meter.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil on Friday said that a government notification in this regard was published on October 25. As per the notification, taxi drivers or owners will have to show electronic meters to the regional transport office from December 1 to April 30 for renewing their permits.A meeting has been convened for taxi drivers and representatives of unions at the regional transport officer on Monday to create awareness about electronic meters.Patil said that the compulsion of electronic meters is only for taxis in the district that do not ply on fixed routes. \"Taxis plying non-stop from Mumbai to Nashik are exemptedj,\" he said.Nashik district has approximately 1,600 taxis. Patil said the electronic meters are the same as the ones installed on autorickshaws. However, taxi drivers will have to get the calibration done from the dealer or their mechanics, he said.Electronic meters are compulsory for autorickshaws in Nashik, but few drivers in the city or any part of the district reportedly charges fares as per the meter reading and the tariff card, creating a suspicion whether taxis will follow the meter at all.In April, the RTO had decided to make fare by meter for rickshaws compulsory in the city. Despite various rounds of talks with rickshaw drivers and union leaders, fare by meter has not seen the light of day.Meanwhile, RTO officials said that as per the government directive, fare by meter is compulsory and if rickshaw drivers are not charging fares as per the meter, the passengers concerned can lodge a complaint with the RTO.The officials said that while issuing fitness certificates, the RTO has started writing on the hoods of the rickshaw that the vehicle will charge fare only by meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354604", "title": "Kejriwal names party after aam admi, mocks Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: With ambitious plans of systemic change while outfitting themselves as an alternative to \"corrupt\" political establishment, Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan on Saturday launched themselves as a political party, calling it the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP).Although unveiled in the modest setting of a press conference, the AAP aims high, promising empowerment of the common man, decentralization of power, law-making through referendum, devolution of decision-making powers to gram sabha and an accessible judicial system.Pitching the party as the platform for aam aadmi, Kejriwal said that there will be men and women representatives from the village or college level up to the national level.The constitution that was adopted on Saturday betrayed a conscious effort to address the concern of Anna Hazare and others that the transformation of the anti-graft movement into a political party would lead the activists to make compromises for survival's sake. Thus, as part of a lengthy list of do's and don'ts, the party has decided to have an internal Lokpal, provision for right to recall and for denial of posts and tickets to more than one in a family. The party will also make its donor and expense list public.The AAP, which plans to make its maiden electoral foray in next year's Delhi polls, is moving with urgency. On Monday, the activists are launching a membership drive inviting all \"aam aadmis\" to join the new party as \"founding members''. An event has been planned at Jantar Mantar, the landmark that has been an integral part of the anti-graft stirs, for what will be the first instance of a political platform soliciting membership in public.It was in the fitness of things that launch of the party of the activists who have been a gadfly for the political establishment should spark a controversy right at the outset. Congress accused them of Intellectual Property Rights theft, saying that the AAP was a rip off on their \"aam aadmi\" platform.This was just before Kejriwal and Bhushan have mocked their \"aam credentials\" by parodying Congress's \"aam aadmi ka haath Congress ke saath (common man is for Congress)\" claim. \"Congress ka aadmi Robert Vadra ke saath\", snickered Sanjay Singh of AAP, in a reminder that the just-launched party will keep targeting political parties for corruption.On the criticism from Congress, Kejriwal said, ``They are just rattled....Congress could never hijack the aam aadmi despite using the term ``aam aadmi''. Now they have lost the word too.''The launch of the party came after a day-long meeting of over 300 people during which its constitution was adopted and a 23-member national executive elected. The party's first electoral battle will be Delhi but it appeared to be woefully short of representations from the south and eastern India as of now. The executive has so far only two women members. Admitting to the gender imbalance Kejriwal said that they hoped to bring in more people to make the national executive more representative of women, youth, minorities and diverse sections.Incidentally, names of former Army chief V K Singh and other eminent people who had urged Team Anna to take a political plunge were missing from the list of supporters. When asked about their absence Bhushan said, ``It is true that there were several eminent people who felt that participating in electoral politics was the only way forward. However, one does not have to be a member of the party to support it.''Both Kejriwal and Bhushan underlined the fact that winning an election was not their focus but establishing an alternative political system and challenging the way politics was being practiced. As usual political parties were at their receiving end.AAP's formation came after a bitter split with Hazare over the issue of the anti-corruption movement taking a political plunge as desired by Kejriwal. Both Hazare and Kejriwal announced parting of ways on September 19 following differences over forming a party with the former sticking to his position that the movement should remain apolitical.On October 2, Kejriwal had announced the formation of the party saying its official launch will be on November 26 to coincide with day the country's Constitution was adopted in 1949.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354956", "title": "Road markings work in a limbo", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpurians are used to witnessing new markings pertaining to safety and traffic regulations on city's roads, especially in West Nagpur and on roads between the airport and Civil Lines area, ahead of the winter session every year. But this year may be an exception as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is yet to finalize the tender for the work even as only 15 days remain for the commencement of the session. A steep reduction in current schedule rates (CSR) for markings by the Public Works Department (PWD) is said to be the reason behind this situation.Like every year, NMC's traffic department had proposed to execute works for marking pedestrian crossings, zebra crossings, stop lines and lane markings including parking lanes on city's roads ahead of the session. The NMC standing committee approved Rs30 lakh for these works on October 31. Tenders were floated but the officials were shocked when the bids received were 78 per cent above the estimated cost. The tender process had to cancelled as work orders could not issued at such high rates.A senior NMC official told TOI that the problem is with the CSR rates given by the PWD. \"NMC executes all civil and road works according to the CSR issued by the PWD. From 2007 to 2011, the CSR for road markings was Rs600 per sq mt. This year, the PWD came up with a new CSR and accordingly, the NMC issued the circular. Tenders were invited as per the new the rate, which is Rs330 per sq mt. The reaction from the agencies proves that the work cannot be done at lower rate,\" he said.The official added that NMC has now gone for re-tendering. \"Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has asked his officials to start process for re-tendering. The bids will be finalized on December 1. If not, the road markings work will come into trouble,\" he said.Sources in NMC told TOI that the PWD later increased the CSR for markings but the rates were applicable only for national highways. \"PWD issued another circular on October 29 stating that the CSR in this case will be Rs600 per sq mt. The markings have to be done using thermo plastic technique. However, the expenditure on markings is same for all kinds of roads as prices of all types of goods and materials are on the rise. It seems the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) explained this situation to the PWD, which then increased the CSR. Same decision should have been taken in case of NMC,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359116", "title": "Berry steps out with daughter amid tight security", "text": "Actress Halle Berry was seen in a tight security envelope as she stepped out with daughter Nahla Ariela.Berry, 46, came out to watch live performance of \" Yo Gabba Gabba \", which is popular among children, in Hollywood with her four-year-old daughter, reports thesun.co.uk.Four policemen on motorbikes surrounded the actress.The actress has become cautious after a brawl between her fiance Olivier Martinez and ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry . The two fought on Nov 23 when the latter came to drop Nahla at Berry's home. The fight was so bad that both of them landed in a hospital.Aubry is currently in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356418", "title": "Patels bag the lion\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s share of tickets", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17399646", "title": "A rebel with a cause", "text": "At the ripe old age of 92, Kondapalli Koteswaramma, wife of Kondapalii Seetharamaiah, the founder of the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) or People's War Group, penned her fourth book. Though billed as her autobiography, she says it has more to do with social issues that were prevalent during her time. In a chat with Sumit Bhattacharjee, she travels down memory lane and throws light on various issuesQ: What made you join the communist movement?A: Initially, I was with the nationalist movement. At the age of 10, I donated all my jewellery to Bapu (Gandhi) for the freedom movement when he visited Vijayawada. But as days passed I felt that the Congress party was a bit harsh on Bhagat Singh. We were then in our youthful days and leaders like Bhagat Singh appealed to us. Moreover, I also did not like the way Bapu reacted to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose getting elected as party president. At that time, the communist movement was picking up and their ideology appealed to me. At the age of 16 or 17, I joined the party. I felt that the ideology was more progressive and the leaders thought beyond the freedom struggle. I was a good singer and Puchalapalli Sundaraiah, the then party leader, encouraged me to sing for the party. That's how it all began.Q: At a time when women were supposed to stay behind doors how did you manage?A: I am a child widow. I don't even remember when and to whom was I married to. I was told that my husband had died when I was five years old. First of all, being a woman and widow was a curse in those days. But my mother was progressive and she never held me back when I took up work with my comrades. I was motivated by the participation of women in the Bolshevik revolution. I would accompany comrades to distribute party literature from house to house and there were many times when I was insulted by women and men of those households, but my comrades always stood by me. I faced discrimination in society but never within the party.Q: How did you meet Seetharamaiah?A: My mother wanted to get me re-married. She was very strong-willed but my father was a bit weak. My mother approached Sundaraiah garu to find a suitable groom for me from the Reddy community (my community). He liked the idea and approached Kondapalli Seetharamaiah, who was also a Reddy and a budding cadre at 19 years. Initially, he refused saying that he wanted to remain a bachelor to serve the party. But Sundaraiah garu persisted and then he agreed. Our wedding was secretly performed in a village near Vijayawada, a communist stronghold. Post marriage, my family was banned in my native village of Pameru. He was actively involved with party activities and I took care of the party's cultural activity.Q: But you later got separated from him?A: It was after the violent Telangana struggle that he brought a lady with two children and requested me to take care of them as she was a Telangana martyr's wife. He later developed a relationship with her and moved away from my life.Q: You felt bitter?A: I respected that lady for being a martyr's wife and no man-woman relation can be one-sided. I strongly believe in what my political guru Sundaraiah garu had once said about womanhood -- A woman is always supposed to be good and do good to the family and society. If she cannot do any good, it is okay but she should not do any harm.Q : But your husband (Seetharamaiah) did return to you. Did you forgive him?A: Yes, he did return after about 36 years. By that time I had just settled down after braving the storm. I was reluctant to meet him, but intellectuals like Kaloji Narayana Rao persuaded me to meet him once. The moment he (Seetharamaiah) saw me, he broke down. The once firebrand leader who sent shivers down the spine of top-class police officers, was all lost and broken. He cried like a child, and there was not a single drop of tear in my eyes, as they had all dried up in the struggle of life. A woman has many roles to play and that day I transformed from a wife to a mother. I realised that even his life was not a bed of roses - staying almost underground for over 20 years and playing cat and mouse with the police force is no joke. I forgave him a long time ago and that day I only consoled him.Q: Please tell us a little about your underground days.A: It was during the Telangana agitation from 1946-51. CPI was banned and we went underground. Shifting from one hideout to another with kids to evade the cops was not an easy task. We were on the run for two years. It was the most dreadful period in my life. But it hardened me and paid dividends after my husband deserted me. I worked overnight to study and take up a job in Kakinada Polytechnic College, raised my kids, took part in party activities and at the same time penned three books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik ", "code": "17355060", "title": "Now, talks with individual farmers, to break deadlock on land acquisition for Sinnar railway project", "text": "NASHIK :To break the deadlock over land acquisition for a rail link to Sinnar for the proposed SEZ, fresh talks with individual farmers are in the offing.With farmers from Eklahara, Naigaon, Gulwanch-belt opposing tooth and nail the land acquisition process by collectorate for alignment of railway track between Odha and Sinnar for India Bulls, the collectorate has now decided to have dialogue one-to-one with the farmers and take their consent on the issue.\"After the hearing conducted on November 7 about the farmers' views, we found that there were several farmers who were ready to give their land for the compensation announced. The problem was however that there were several groups of farmers from the various villages who have been opposing the issue. We have therefore decided to approach every farmer personally and take his consent on the papers to carry out joint measurement, before sending any particular report to the State Government,\" Collector Vilas Patil said.The collectorate has been requested for the land acquisition process by Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) for 32-km alignment of railway track between Odha and Gulwanch, further dubbed to be the part of railway track connecting Nashik and Pune. While it has been claiming that the alignment was government property, a reply to right to information (RTI) query by a villager confirmed that Central Railway did not have any such proposal.The statement by Central Railway official that the alignment was meant for creating siding for India Bulls has put the government in a tight spot, as the farmers now claim that the government had been exposed on the issue. The land of nearly 2,100 farmers from Nashik, Niphad and Sinnar talukas is involved in the process and it was believed that the land was being acquired for a government project for a public purpose.The collector had earlier stated that in the event of farmers' stiff opposition on the issue; he would convey the same to the State Government. But now it has been decided that the collectorate would complete the process of meeting every individual and speaking to him and taking his consent over the land acquisition.\"Once that is done we will take the stock of the situation and report to the state government about the facts. We are hopeful of carrying out the procedure in the matter of twenty days from now,\" Collector Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356262", "title": "BSNL subscribers face innumerable network problems", "text": "LUCKNOW: No matter how Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) paints a rosy picture of its improved services through fancy advertisements and celebrity endorsements, its subscribers have never been content because of laidback approach in solving customer complaints. While complaints never cease and files keep piling up in the office, putting officials to discomfort is subscribers experiencing network problems, congestion, cross connections and signal failures over last few days in the Uttar Pradesh east circle.Company officials are silent on the issue defending their stand that they have not received any such complaint from customers of late. The oldest telecom company with largest footprints across the country, it has been trying to survive the intense competition posed by many private players in the sector.Though the company offers many economical and value for money recharge packs and services, customers always complain the basic requirement of seamless connectivity remains unmet. \"The economical call rates, cheaper recharge coupons and promotional offers are of no use until BSNL focuses on improving its network service\", said Priya Mishra, a student in an engineering college.Another troubled customer, Shikha Singh, a housewife, complained, \"In the last about four days, I have tried too many times to make an outgoing call. Most of the times, it says network is busy or 'redial after sometime'. I want to dump this connection.\" An official clarified it may not be a problem at BSNL's end...may be the operator being called is at fault. But he failed to explain why most of the customers are facing similar problems at some point of time. The company has acquired a defensive approach by passing the blame on other companies.A K Purwar CGMT UP (E), BSNL said, \"From November 9, telecom regulator TRAI has laid down new guidelines under which the verification process has come under scrutiny. A new subscriber's SIM would be activated only after his first call is verified at the customer cell. While earlier getting a connection was easy, it has become much tougher now. So, it is possible the new subscribers are facing problems due to the changed guidelines.\" But, he said he was not aware of any such network congestion reported from existing customers in his jurisdiction area.A call centre executive working with BSNL highlighted another possibility that if somebody's connection is about to expire in a day and he recharges it unknowingly, the connection would cease to operate on due date while the recharged talk value would also be terminated. Customers are irked with the fact that the company does not take initiatives to inform customers beforehand about any changes, nor does it address any of the complaints. Another harassed customer said, \"I had complained so many times about weak signal and network problem but no one listened to me. They give all kind of theories but never try to solve network issues. Despite my repeated complaints, I am still struggling with my BSNL connection.\"A high official who heads mobile and operations unit said the network problem could be area specific but they have not received bulk complaints from anywhere in the state which could establish their fault. But customers have a different stand and allege that the company is quite evasive about its service glitches.Reportedly, complaints have also been coming from districts like Gonda, Bahraich, Balrampur etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356643", "title": "This school gives wing to many a dream", "text": "LUDHIANA: When CA Anjali Goyal looks back at her life and how it changed in the last 13 years, she knows had it not been for Mata Mohan Dai School, she would not have had the opportunity to make it big. \"It was very difficult for my family to afford my studies, but my dad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was determined that I get an education at any cost \u00e2\u20ac\u201d got me admitted to this school. I haven't looked back since then. Now I am self-employed and able to support my family well,\" she smiles.Not just Anjali, Sandeep Garg, 27, too, never thought that his dream of becoming an engineer will be fulfilled, when his family could not afford his education and he had to leave studies. \"My relatives told me about this school and they asked my dad to get me admitted to it. I came here in Class VI and since I was a fast learner, my teachers helped me with my studies throughout. Even when I finished schooling, the school provided me all the financial help to turn my dream into a reality and now I am working as a mechanical engineer with a private firm in Gurgaon,\" gushes Sandeep.Mata Mohan Dai School in Vijay Inder Nagar, a vision of industrialist Abhay Kumar Oswal, started from a small flat in 1991, and is now spread across an area of 7,000 square yards, providing education to 1,650 students from the economically weaker sections. The students are happy with the education being imparted to them, while those who have already passed out and are working in professional and commercial fields and the Army too are glad to have got their education from here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356196", "title": "RLD to raise cane purchase price issue in house assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal has decided to put the state government in the dock during the winter session of UP assembly for not announcing the State Advisory Price (SAP) of the sugarcane.Speaking to reporters, RLD national general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary termed the Samajwadi Party as anti-farmer. \"This is leading to resentment amongst the sugarcane farmers,\" Jayant said. \"Loan waiver appears to be a step to befool debt ridden farmers,\" he said, and added that he has been in touch with the Union agriculture ministry to announce the minimum support price for wheat.He also took a pot shot at the state government on the deteriorating law and order situation in the state capital. \"Things have never been so bad,\" Chaudhary, who was in the state capital to take stock of the preparation of RLD membership recruitment drive, said.The drive will start from December 1and will last till December 22. Jayant warned that the members should not indulge themselves in issues like getting officials transferred and issuance of arms license, which dents the image of party and its leadership. \"Instead, workers should try to reach out to the masses and try to solve their problems,\" the 32-year-old Mathura MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354771", "title": "Customs foils man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bid to smuggle gold", "text": "MUMBAI: The Customs department on Saturday foiled an attempt by an individual to smuggle gold worth Rs 1.55 crore.Ilyas Ismail Museji Bhana, who arrived from Dubai by a Jet Airways flight (9W 0543), was arrested for the act. Customs officials said that Bhana was found to have hidden five gold bars weighing 1 kg each in a white coloured waist belt that he had tied below the abdominal region inside his pants. He was apprehended after being searched, officials said.After landing in Mumbai, Bhana managed to clear through the green channel but ran out of luck after the Customs officials intercepted him around 3am. Officials said that he denied carrying any contraband or dutiable goods. Not convinced by his claims, officials decided to examine his hand baggage and conducted a personal search on him. The white-coloured cloth belt was detected during the search.After the passenger was asked to remove the belt, officials found that it was abnormally heavy. On further examination, officials found that three special pockets which were concealed with a flap on the top of their zippers. The gold bars were recovered on opening the pockets.With rise in gold prices , attempts to smuggle gold into the city have witnessed a spurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17356464", "title": "Seer seeks separate body to manage Ganga funds", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Upset over alleged irregularities in the utilization of funds allotted for cleaning the Ganga, founder of Ganga Seva Abhiyan (GSA) Shankaracharya Swami Swarupanand Saraswatiji Maharaj has asked the Centre to constitute a body to regulate the utilization of funds in effective and transparent manner.The Shankaracharya of Dwarka, who was actively involved in the formation of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), has expressed anguish over the alleged misuse of the funds. Jharkhand is a member state of NGRBA with the Prime Minister as its head.\"A separate department is required for keeping an eye precisely on the utilization of the multi-million crore funds in the execution of the measures aimed at cleansing the holy river Ganga,\" the seer told reporters here on Saturday.The Shankaracharya has also asked the Union government to frame rules to penalize people abusing the holy river. \"Yeah, we need to have specific rules to penalize those who pollute the national river Ganga,\" he said.The seer called for stopping all hydel projects in Uttarakhand on the ground that it would damage the ecosystem of the river and affect its flow. \"We need to ponder on alternative power generating measures for Uttarakhand to ensure the character, sanctity and flow of Ganga remains uninterrupted,\" said the Shankaracharya.Ahead of the Mahakumbh Mela in Allahabad in 2013, the seer also asked the Centre to ensure closure of all industrial units located in the surroundings of the holy river to prevent it from getting polluted further by the hazardous industrial wastes.\"At least temporarily, all industrial units located in the surroundings of the holy river should be closed otherwise it would become difficult for the millions of devotees (visiting the holy city during Maha Kumbh Mela) to take a dip in the Ganga,\" he said.He has also said the GSA is planning to host an international conference on a comprehensive subject of the Ganga next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17354918", "title": "Plan for paediatric institute gets nod from Authority", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has approved the design to accommodate a super-specialty paediatric institute within the premises of the existing Ambedkar multispecialty hospital in Sector 30. The authorities have decided to construct additional floors in the existing two blocks to accommodate the new facility and two of the existing operation theatres will be converted into lecture halls and seminar rooms for the paediatrics institute.The private consultant, appointed by the Authority, has estimated the cost of development at around Rs 150 crore. Following the new design, the authorities are now constructing an additional floor each on the upcoming five storeyed second block of the hospital and the existing block from where the district hospital operates.According to the officials, the proposed paediatrics institute, the first of its kind in the state, will be an autonomous institute and will be developed on a pattern similar to that of the AIIMS in Delhi and PGIMER in Chandigarh.Earlier this year, the Authority had proposed to upgrade the sector 39 district hospital to a new paediatrics institute that will be housed in a state-of-the art building within Ambedkar hospital. As per the plan, the paediatrics institute will become functional by mid next year.In July this year, the UP government had approved the proposal to open a medical university in Greater Noida and Noida and a super-speciality paediatrics institute in Noida to boost education facilities and health services across Gautam Budh Nagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17355792", "title": "'Vadodara boy' wins Infosys award for life sciences", "text": "VADODARA: Adding to the list of super achievers of the illustrious Sarabhai family, 'Vadodara boy', Prof Satyajit Mayor has bagged the Infosys Prize 2012, announced by the Infosys Science Foundation on November 23 at Bangalore.Satyajit is one of the seven prize winners who would receive a gold medallion, a citation certificate and prize money of Rs 50 lakh. They were selected on the basis of evaluation of their work by eminent scientists and professors including, Amartya Sen , Dr Kaushik Basu, Shrinivas Kulkarni, Pradeep Khosla, Srinivasa S R Vardhan and Inder Verma. Mayor got his award in the field of life sciences.A product of city's Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan, 49-year old Satyajit did his Masters in Chemistry from IIT, Mumbai and his PhD in life sciences from the Rockefeller University , USA. He is presently a senior professor of cellular organization and signaling group at the National centre for Biological Science (NCBS), Bangalore. He was also a post-doctoral fellow at Columbia University and has worked in the pathology department at Columbia University, NY.In an emailed reponse to TOI, Mayor said, \"My achievement was credited to \"the intellectual atmosphere at home and a very early interest nurtured by my father, Satyapal Mayor who was always interested in everything scientific, and technological. He hugely influenced my thinking and was always trying to provoke my imagination.His mother, Vinodini Mayor, who taught Mathematics at MSU, is a first cousin of Capt Lakshmi Sehgal and Mrinalini Sarabhai.Scientific collaborations in India with physicist, Madan Rao, geneticist KS Krishnan and immunologist Satyajit Rath, \"have really shaped my work as a scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17360569", "title": "Perera fires solid 70 to bag 11th TATA Open title", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Sri Lanka's Mithun Perera won the 11th TATA Open after firing a final round of one-under-70 on Sunday.Perera, who totaled 11-under-274 for the tournament, finished one stroke ahead of Delhi's Vinod Kumar.Perera (65-72-67-70), the overnight leader, had a good start to the day as he birdied the second (par-5) after landing his chip from the bunker within a couple of inches of the flag.He went on to make pars on all the other holes. Perera, who has now won three professional titles, made some amazing par saves on the seventh and 14th. He made outstanding chip-putts on the seventh and 14th.\"I hit it really well today. I was solid through the day and played regulation golf. My short-game was good in the final round, especially the putting. This win is a result of my hard work and dedication. I'm now looking forward to ending the season with an equally good performance at the season-ending event next week,\" said Perera, who has now climbed from seventh place to fifth on the 2012 Rolex Rankings.Kumar (68-67-70-70), the defending champion, finished runner-up after firing a one-under-70 in the final round.Kumar's round featured four birdies and three bogeys and helped him end the tournament with a total of 10-under-275.Om Prakash Chouhan (69-68-68-71) of Mhow finished a further stroke back in third place.Rashid Khan of Delhi and Mhow's Mukesh Kumar shared fourth place at eight-under-277. Rashid has climbed from second to first place on the rankings.Karan Taunk of Jamshedpur, the lone amateur to make the cut, won the trophy for the best performance by an amateur. Taunk was placed tied 31st at four-over-289.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354662", "title": "Battered and bruised, it's time for women to strike back", "text": "KOLKATA: Women across the globe have suffered for long. Time has come to stand against the torture and fight for their rights. And as a first step, NGOs in the city have zeroed in on Valentine's Day to walk out to the street, dance and demand an end to violence against women and girls.What's more, some time in the next three months, the NGOs will choose a night when women will hit the streets after dark and have a night out the way they want.\"One in three women in the world is either raped or beaten in her lifetime. Let's refuse to stand by as more than 1 billion women experience violence and join the global campaign mooted by American playwright and activist Eve Ensler. Women from 161 countries will gather at various places across the world on that day. Let's join them,\" said Anuradha Kapoor of Swayam, an umbrella organization of the NGOs working on issues related to women.Incidentally, Bengal has attained the dubious distinction of topping the charts in crime against women. According to the National Crime Records Bureau statistics, the rate of growth in crime against women in the state in last six years outstrips the national average in all counts. While Bengal ranks the highest in domestic violence, it is the second highest in rape and dowry-related murders. Cases of sexual harassment have increased 217% in the state during this period while nationally it has decreased by 14%.\"Our society portrays mothers-in-law as the primary villain in domestic violence. But according to the National Family Health Survey conducted, 85% perpetrators against women are husbands or male partners. Similarly, in 93% of cases, the rapist was known to the woman,\" said Kapoor.Pointing out that crime against women was assuming epidemic proportions in India, activist Ratnabali Ray said the One Billion Rising (OBR) campaign was not just about and for women, it involved everyone. \"We forget that every issue is a woman's issue in this country and crime against women is not just restricted to age, social, economic, mental and physical ability of a woman. From a rag-picker to a teacher, every woman is exposed to the threat. And it affects not just her but the entire family,\" she said.The organisers are banking on social networking sites and word of mouth to spread the message of OBR. \"We want support from all activists, writers, thinkers and celebrities. Men and women must come out and express their outrage. Only then will the campaign create an impact,\" said Kapoor. Actors Soumitra Chatterjee, Aparna Sen, Nandita Das , Shabana Azmi and Rahul Bose; director Rituparno Ghosh; writer Mahasweta Devi; dancer Mallika Sarabhai and singer Usha Uthup have already pledged their support.Strike, Dance and Rise! That's the clarion that NGOs in the city gave on Friday, urging men and women to drop all engagements on Valentine's Day, walk out, dance and rise up to demand an end to violence against women and girls.What's more, sometime in the next three months, the NGOs will choose a night when women can hit the streets after dark and have a night out the way they want - to hell with social norms and fear of the .\"One in three women in the world are either raped or beaten in her lifetime. Let's refuse to stand by as more than 1 billion women experience violence and join the global campaign mooted by American playwright and activist Eve Ensler. Women from 161 countries will gather that day. They will use the body as a medium of protest to reclaim their status in society. Let's join them,\" said Anuradha Kapoor of Swayam, an umbrella organization of NGOs working on women's issues.Bengal has attained the dubious distinction of topping the charts in crime against women. According to the National Crime Records Bureau statistics, the rate of growth of crime against women in the past six years in the state outstrips the national average in all counts. Bengal ranks the highest in domestic violence by husband and in-laws and suicide due to dowry. It is the second highest in rape and dowry-related murder. Cases of sexual harassment have increased 217% in the state during this period while nationally it is down 14%.\"Our society portrays mothers-in-law as the primary villain in dowry deaths and domestic violence. But according to 2005-06 National Family Health Survey, 85% perpetrators against women are husbands or male partners. Similarly, in 93% cases, the rapist was known to the woman,\" said Kapoor.Pointing out that crime against women was assuming epidemic proportions in India, activist Ratnabali Ray said the One Billion Rising (OBR) campaign was not just about women's issues but a social issue and involved everyone. \"We forget that every issue is a woman's issue in this country and crime against women is not just restricted to age, social, economic, mental and physical ability of a woman. From a rag-picker to a teacher, every woman is exposed to the threat. And it affects not just her but the entire family,\" she said.The organisers are banking on social networking sites and word of mouth to spread the word on OBR. \"We want support from all activists, writers, thinkers and celebrities. Men and women must come out and express their outrage. Only then will the campaign create an impact,\" said Anuradha. Actors Soumitra Chatterjee, Aparna Sen, Nandita Das, Shabana Azmi and Rahul Bose; director Rituparno Ghosh; writer Mahasweta Devi; dancer Mallika Sarabhai and singer Usha Uthup have already pledged support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "17355455", "title": "Blast at Muharram procession in Pak kills 7", "text": "PESHAWAR: At least seven people were killed and 27 injured on Saturday when a roadside bomb hit a Muharram procession observed by the minority Shia sect of Muslims near the outskirts of the city of Dera Ismail Khan in Pakistan's restive north-western province.The incident occurred despite Pakistan suspending mobile phone coverage in many cities this weekend after a series of blasts on Shias were triggered by mobile phones in the last fortnight. Locals said mobile phones were working at the time of the blast in Dera Ismail Khan, but were later blocked.The hardline Sunnis have threatened more attacks as the Shia mourning month of Muharram reaches its peak.An official of the bomb disposal squad said it was a remote-controlled bomb, weighing 8-10kg. \"It was placed in a heap of garbage and went off as the procession was passing by. About 120 Shias were passing through the city to join the main procession when the explosion occurred,\" said Siddiq Khan, a police official.The dead and injured were shifted to a local government-run hospital. \"Three dead bodies of boys from 6-11 years were brought to the hospital. Among the injured were two cops and five kids,\" said Akhtar Nawaz Gandapur, the hospital's administrator.President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the bombing, saying, \"Such nefarious acts cannot deter the people and the government in their fight against the scourge of militancy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354641", "title": "More alimony as husband gets a raise", "text": "NEW DELHI: An increment in a man's salary has proved beneficial for his estranged wife as a trial court raised the monthly maintenance for the woman by Rs 2,000.Additional sessions judge Poonam A Bamba also asked the woman to provide the school fees receipts of their minor children to her husband, a government official, to let him have the expenses reimbursed from the government.The sessions court ruling came on the woman's appeal against a September 2009 order of a magisterial court, which had asked her husband to pay her and their two minor children a maintenance of Rs 3,500 per month.The court raised her maintenance to Rs 5,500 with effect from October 2010 on her plea that it was hard for her to maintain herself and her two children on a paltry sum of Rs 3,500 while her husband's salary had been raised to above Rs 38,000 from 2010.During the argument, the man had refuted the claim of his estranged wife saying he was not earning as much as alleged by his wife but he can pay the educational expense of the children as they are reimbursed from his office. While opposing the woman's plea, her husband's counsel argued that there was no need to interfere with the magisterial court's order and that his client's wife was also running a shop and was earning from it. The court, however, rejected his argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355597", "title": "Young India vibes well with young Pakistan", "text": "BANGALORE: Her grandfather was forced to leave his Lahore home during Partition. Six decades later, when Divya Malhotra was chosen as one among 25 Indian students to go to Pakistan for a South Asian Youth Conference, it was a great moment not just for Divya but the entire family.The 22-year-old student of Christ University was in Pakistan as the sole representative from Bangalore. \"I've grown up knowing Pakistan as a terrorist country and India's enemy neighbour. But the conference has certainly changed my perception. There's a lot more to Pakistan than terrorism and violence,\" she says.\"Pakistani youth I interacted with in Lahore and Islamabad are not very different from Indian youngsters. We think alike in terms of education, life and religion,\" she said, adding she was advised not to discuss controversial topics with her Pakistani counterparts. Youth in Pakistan feel Islam doesn't preach violence nor do they support jihad the way extremists portray it. It was heartening to see a lot of people working on various human rights issues in the country,\" said the final year student of MA (Applied Economics).After the success of the first South Asian Youth Conference in Bangalore in 2011, the second edition was organized by HILA, a student organization in Pakistan, and Blue Ribbon Movement (BRM), a Mumbai-based student leadership body.The sessions, from November 7 to 12, were designed to involve youth in drafting sustainable development goals, and the objective of the conference was to strengthen youth-to-youth contact to achieve mutual understanding and trust in the region.Indian and Pakistani delegates, who were hosted at the prestigious military educational centre, National University of Sciences and Technology, Islamabad, articulated enthusiasm, hope and optimism when asked about problems that plague India-Pakistan relations. \"I met a lot of young Pakistani girls, some even from areas like Balochistan where Islamic extremism is rampant,\" says Divya.Meanwhile, Pakistani youngsters who hosted their counterparts from across the border, hope bilateral relations between the neighbours can only improve in future. \"It was an honour for me to host my friends from India. I met them for the first time but it felt like we've known each other for years,\" exclaimed Talha Chisti, a development economics graduate of Lahore University of Management Studies, Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354457", "title": "10k weddings in Delhi today", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 10,000 couples in the capital will be tying knot on Sunday and the number is expected to remain the same on Monday, owing to the auspicious three-day period that began on Saturday.Over 10,000 weddings took place in the capital Saturday as well. According to the municipal authorities, of the 235 banquets and community halls civic bodies have in the city, \"majority of them were booked for weddings\". \"Only the smaller ones are empty otherwise all of them are booked - majority of them for marriages,\" said Yogendra Mann, spokesperson of North and East corporations.Heavy traffic is expected on city roads on Sunday owing to the massive number of weddings coupled with the crowd visiting the trade fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356415", "title": "Rlys gears up to put winter safety on track", "text": "RANCHI: With the onset of winter and following two incidents of derailment, Ranchi division of South Eastern Railway has started inspection of railway tracks.On Saturday, divisional railway manager (DRM) G Malaya, along with junior engineers, visited the Muri-Chandil single line section and inspected tracks at Elu, Torang, Suisa and Dimri stations among others.Tracks on the single line section are in poor condition and frequent derailment halts traffic. In April this year, two goods train engines got derailed between Torang and Suisa stations, both in Purulia district, disrupting traffic for two days.Engineers are prioritizing inspection of railway bridges. \"Vulnerable bridges will be put under surveillance,\" said a railway official.Signals and communications system are also among areas of concern. \"In winter, signals play a crucial role as fogs block vision,\" said a branch officer. The team has already detected faulty signals along the Muri-Chandil single line section. \"A detailed note is being prepared on the basis of which repair works will be carried out,\" said a railway official.\"Security of passengers is the top priority of the railways. After inspection, necessary actions will be taken,\" said DRM Malaya. The divisional officer was accompanied by branch officers from the engineering and operations departments.The DRM also checked several manned and unmanned crossings. He directed station staff to be alert and inspected facilities at railway stations. At Torang, Suisa and Tiruldih stations, the team expressed displeasure over lack of basic facilities for passengers and sought fast action.\"It is an internal inspection work that helps us improve our services to the desired level. Necessary directions have been meted out to improve conditions,\" said the DRM, who visited Tantisiwai railway station on the Ranchi-Muri section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354054", "title": "Swann's beauty lies in his orthodoxy", "text": "MUMBAI: There is something pure, something serene about watching orthodox off-spin bowling. After all, this is the age of stop-start run ups, carom balls, mystery balls, doosras, teesras and claims of having a chautha and what not.So it's nice to see an off-spinner like England's Graeme Swann , whose stock delivery is the off-spinner, which he bowls 99 times out of a hundred.Whatever variations there are, they are subtle. Like the straight on delivery without the 'use' of the elbow, which enabled England to dismiss Pujara for the first time in this series.\"It's nice to finally dismiss him. It doesn't usually take us three innings of a Test series innings to get anyone out, but now that we have done it, hopefully we have a finger on it,\" Swann said.After dismissing Pujara, Swann also snapped up Harbhajan Singh, which helped him become only the second England spinner after Derek Underwood (297) to reach the milestone of 200 Test wickets. And the broad, toothy smile he sported indicated how thrilled he was.\"Five years ago, I never even thought about it. I'm absolutely over the moon the way my career has panned out. It's changed at the top just at the right time for me. It's been a great four years.\" The operative words there are \"it's changed at the top just at the right time for me\".Indeed, he endured a lot of trouble when he was on his first tour to South Africa in 1999-2000 as he angered a certain Duncan Fletcher , the then England coach with his attitude and pranks.The miffed Zimbabwean ensured the Nottinghamshire lad never got close to wearing the England shirt when he was in charge. Troubling the Indian batsmen at home in front of Fletcher, who is now in the Indian camp, must have tasted extremely sweet.Swann, in the past, has played down the ill-feeling between Fletcher and himself. \"A lot of people perceive me and Duncan to have an ill-tempered relationship. But we don't have a relationship,\" he had said some time ago. As hard as you try, it's impossible to not read between the lines of, \"We don't have a relationship.\"Swann's strengths are a wonderful action, a perfect pivot at the crease and the ability to put enormous amount of revs on the ball.Stamina is another virtue that serves him well. He just doesn't flag and hence there are few buffet balls that are on offer.He also doesn't bowl with three-quarter sleeves that cover the elbow like most other spinners do in the subcontinent, despite it being hot and humid.With Monty Panesar too spitting venom at the other end, there was simply no let up for the Indian top-order and the twosome struck a fine partnership. But here's the interesting bit. Monty and Swann have played in seven Tests together and are yet to feature in a win. England have lost four and drawn three of those matches.\"Thanks for bringing that up,\" Swann taunted the journalist who asked him the query, before adding, \"Me and Monty love playing together but our record as a team hasn't been very successful. We are looking to change that.\" If Pietersen and Cook add a few more runs on Sunday and England get ahead by 150 or so, that record will certainly change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354333", "title": "Sports to be in school curriculum", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to include sports in school curriculum like it is in CBSE schools from the next academic session. A mapping of disciplines was recently started to tap the sporting potential at different places across the state.\"The CBSE has adopted school sports programme in line with Australia School Programme. The Centre has asked us to do so,\" said director of sports and youth affairs D V Swamy. This plan will be implemented in all government schools, including those under the SC and ST development department and Ekalavya schools, he said. \"Though lots of efforts are being made under the Panchayat Yuva Krida aur Khel Abhiyan scheme in schools, we are trying to focus on development of sports from the school level,\" Swamy added.Sources said the government is mapping disciplines in all 30 districts of Odisha so that focus is on the particular discipline in the same district. \"For example, Sundergarh is the hub of Hockey so children can be trained in the dribbling sport. Similarly in Ganjam, children can be trained in weightlifting,\" said an officer in the sports department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355756", "title": "Techie had no role in Ghatkopar blast case: Kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based software engineer Taj Siddiqui, who is accused of being the prime conspirator in the 2002 Ghatkopar bomb blast case, had floated a software company in Aurangabad with his classmates, some of whom were later arrested in the blast case. It was this 'nexus' which landed him in the soup.Three plainclothes Mumbai Crime Branch policemen had picked up Taj Siddiqui from his residence at Al-Hasnath Colony, Tolichowki on Wednesday.On Wednesday at around 7 pm, three plainclothesmen barged into their house, according to Taj's family members. When questioned about their identity, the trio did not disclose anything and even threatened Taj's wife Asna Parveen not to create a scene and asked her to be quiet, they said.\"We asked the trio to maintain calm as children might get frightened. Within a few minutes, he was taken away. They did not tell us anything let alone their identity. We had suspicion that it might be police after seeing their body language. We lodged a complaint with local police, who were also clueless. On Friday night, we got a call from the Mumbai police informing about the arrest,'' the family members recalled.The Mumbai police declared Taj Siddiqui as the prime conspirator in the Ghatkopar bomb blast case in which four persons died and 30 other injured when bomb a went off on a BEST bus.Refuting the charges slapped by the Mumbai police, Taj's family members, who exclusively spoke to STOI, said that the HCL software engineer had nothing to do with the banned Student Islamic Movement of India (SIMI). \"In fact, Taj is an active member of Student Islamic Organisation (SIO), the student outfit of Jammat-e-Islami (JEI), which is a legal organisation. It is a blatant lie that the Mumbai police declared him a member of SIMI,'' Taj's wife Asna Parveen and his relatives said.Taj Siddiqui, whose full name is Siddiqui Taj-ul-Islam Kazi, was born in Hyderabad, but his family later moved to Aurangabad, where he pursued education and completed engineering. Incidentally, some persons arrested for their alleged role in the Ghatkopar blast case and later acquitted by court, were his classmates.\"Taj became a partner in a small software development company, Soft Tech, along with a few of his friends. As the company did not do well, he quit it. Some partners of the firm were earlier declared accused in the Ghatkopar blast case and were arrested too. We believe that since Taj is friends with them he was framed for no reason,'' Asna added.After quitting Soft Tech, he moved to Chennai and did a few software courses. Later, he secured a job in Bangalore and worked for a few years and also got married there. In 2009, he moved to Hyderabad and has been working at HCL since then under his name, Taj Siddiqui.According to the suspect's family, Taj was neither absconding nor changed his name. \"His full name is Siddiqui Taj-ul-Islam Kazi. So, if he uses a short name, Taj Siddiqui, how can police call it a fake name? Some people spell Qazi as Kazi, does it mean he changed his name,'' question other family members.Al Hasnath colony residents said Taj always maintained a low-profile and hardly mingled with locals except when visiting the nearby mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17355130", "title": "11 thousand sq meter traffic park planned in Tidke colony", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic awareness is a must and the Nashik Municipal Corporation feels such education must be inculcated in school and college students.The civic body will set up a traffic park in Tidke Colony to this end. The project will begin soon. The civic administration has earmarked 11,700 sq m of the plot in prabhag no 24. The park will include a jogging track and a garden where school and college students will get lessons in traffic rules.The project is to be monitored by the Nashik First, a Nashik-based NGO whose members recently gave a presentation to civic officials.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khadare said, \"Nashik First had recently given presentation on the park. We have already finalised the proposal and work will begin shortly.\"Traffic problems have become a matter of concern these days as the numbers of vehicles are increasing in the city. There are several major areas where traffic jams are frequently witnessed. These are in Raviwar Karanja, M G Road, Main Road, CBS, Shalimar, Mumbai Naka, Dwarka and other major parts of the city. The idea of a traffic cell came up with the objective of sorting out the traffic problems and disciplining wayward vehicular traffic, but the proposal is pending with the state government.Meanwhile, the NMC administration has constituted a 22-member traffic coordination committee to monitor traffic related problems in the city. The proposal has been sent to the state government for approval.The committee has the municipal commissioner as chairman, police commissioner, divisional controller of MSRTC, RTO, chief engineer of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd, superintending engineer of Public Works Department, general manager of BSNL, asst commissioner of police (Traffic), executive engineer of National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the city engineer among others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356508", "title": "Memory loss: Brahmi vs allopathy battle on", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Could we be looking at a return to roots? That is what current research in medicine suggests. Take the malady of early loss of memory for instance. The ancients knew brahmi could hone mental faculties, the question before scientists today is whether brahmi can do it better than allopathic drugs.A clinical trial to be conducted by PGI from December 1 will take into account 100 patients. The collaborative work includes the departments of neurology and pharmacology and Shri Dhanwantry Ayurvedic College, Chandigarh. A clinical trial that PGI conducted in 2012 proved that brahmi has no toxicity in human beings and it works only in cases of deficient memory. \"The next step is studying brahmi in comparison to allopathic medicines,\" said Sudesh Prabhakar, head of the department of neurology, PGI.Under the trial, 50 patients will be put on brahmi in synthesized form while others will be given allopathic medicines. \"However, this is meant for early memory loss and not in cases of dementia where loss of memory is irreversible,\" the main investigator of the project explained.According to Dr Sudesh Prabhakar, all patients, except children suffering from early memory loss, to people 72 years of age will be included in the trial.\"Interdisciplinary study will involve ayurvedic experts who will share the literature of the \"magic drug,\" as brahmi is known.\"We showed that in cases of normal memory, taking large doses of brahmi cannot enhance memory to more than its normal retention and learning ability. It only works for early memory loss without any side effects in humans,\" Prabhakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17355018", "title": "Gautam Budh Nagar district court gets 20 CCTVs, more expected", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Twenty CCTV cameras have been installed in the district court complex of Gautam Budh Nagar, located in Greater Noida. The cameras have been placed both inside the courtrooms and at all entry/exit points to bolster surveillance.A detailed trial procedure was undertaken by police and district administration officials on Friday before the cameras went online.The GB Nagar court caters to the entire district with a population nearing 12 lakh and handles a massive number of visitors other than litigants every day. \"The decision to install 20 CCTV cameras was taken keeping in view the large number of people visiting this court. We do not want to take any risk, especially after incidents like the Delhi high court blast,\" said superintendent of police (rural) Ashok Kumar. If needed, more CCTV cameras may be installed later, he added. Police officials said the need to put the courts under surveillance was strengthened after a shooting at the Ghaziabad court in October.Three people were injured after unidentified men opened fire on the court premises.The CCTV cameras at the GB Nagar courts are all attached to a central security room in the complex. \"The monitoring of the control room has been handed over to the police post located within the court complex,\" Kumar said.\"The records of the CCTV footage will be maintained and saved for a month for future reference,\" he added.Visitors at the court complex are happy about the extra security steps. Many also said the authorities should also issue entry passes to visitors and litigants, which would restrict entry during working hours and allow only those who have been summoned by the court or called by lawyers.\"The idea is to not let the court become an overcrowded place,\" said a visitor.Officials are contemplating regulation of parking on the court premises. \"Once we work out a method to regulate the vehicles coming into the court premises, identification stickers for advocates and other visitors may be handed out,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354707", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC gear up for big Bagan test", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai FC's new-found winning run will come up against a stern challenge when Khalid Jamil's team take on Kolkata side Mohun Bagan in a key I-League fixture at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune, on Sunday.After struggling to register a point from the first four games in the campaign, Mumbai FC staged an inspiring turnaround that has seen them bag a maximum six points from games against Sporting Clube de Goa and Shillong Lajong.But in Bagan, they have opponents who themselves are on a run of their own after a rather poor start to the season. The trip to Pune will also be new coach Karim Bencherifa's first away fixture and he won't be happy with anything less than three points given the kind of names he has on his roster.While Mumbai FC's strikers have been turning in performances, Jamil's main worry would be the fragility of his defence that has conceded heavily through the league this far.In Haroon Amiri they have an able skipper at the heart of the defence but the Afghan national will need much support from his fellow defenders if they are too keep the dangerous Odafa Okolie at bay.Bagan come into the game after a 3-0 hammering of Goan side Salgaocar and wouldn't be wrong in feeling confident about a full three points at the Balewadi on Friday. But trust Mumbai FC to do everything they can to make sure their recovery doesn't face a set back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354790", "title": "Marathwada Agri University to be named after Naik", "text": "NAGPUR: Vasantrao Naik, a Banjara tribe leader from Pusad in Yavatmal district, who was Maharashtra chief minister for 11 years, will be honoured on his birth centenary celebrations being observed this year. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as head of the centenary celebrations committee announced in Mumbai that the Marathwada Agriculture University would be named after Naik.The centenary celebrations would include a grand function to be organized in Mumbai on July 1, 2013. A memorial of Naik will be set up at his birth place - Gahuli in Pusad taluka. Famous filmmaker Jabbar Patel has been asked to produce a short film on the life of the eminent leader from Vidarbha. The next meeting of the committee will be held in Nagpur during winter session of the state legislature and in it the committee would be expanded with some new members.Releasing of a postal stamp, holding of agricultural fairs in six divisions of the state, sending a proposal to the railways department to rename Vidarbha Express after Vasantrao Naik and instituting an award in his name for a prominent activist of nomadic tribe, setting up of hostels for boys and girls, publishing the third volume of the book 'Green Horizons', are among the plans discussed for paying fitting tributes to Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17355449", "title": "IUML, NCP Cong\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s only sure-shot allies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress will be back to the drawing board to refashion its alliance for 2014, taking only NCP and Muslim League as sure-shot partners for the next elections.The allies from Maharashtra and Kerala are indispensable for Congress-led state governments and the senior UPA partner also estimates that alliance with these parties is a must for doing well in elections.But besides NCP and IUML, Congress is looking at the possibility of a complete overhaul of its coalition. A crucial decision to be taken in the coming months would be if the party wants a sizeable pre-poll combine or would prefer to net partners after results.AICC in 2009 kept the size of its central alliance to a minimum, breaking ties with Lalu Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan in Bihar and finding new partners in Trinamool Congress in Bengal and National Conference in J&amp;K.;The 'sub-group on pre-poll alliances' under the Rahul Gandhi-chaired poll panel is expected to revisit the party's coalition politics, weighing \"winnability\" with \"desirability\" of allies. Trinamool Congress and MIM's exit from UPA has already reopened the question.The idea behind having fewer pre-poll allies last time was to be able to review options after results, based on its optimism about the outcome. The move proved prescient since Congress did not require many partners later.With UPA-2 reeling under negatives of corruption and malgovernance, it is not sure if Congress would adopt the same strategy.The A K Antony-chaired group is likely to weigh the position of potential allies on their turf and if tie-ups would help Congress at the hustings.Congress managers are not sure of DMK staying on board for the next polls. The Dravidian outfit's refusal to fill the ministerial berths at the Centre and its repeated differences with UPA on policy issues has raised doubts about its intent. The feedback from state leaders is also negative.Mamata Banerjee's exit from the ruling combo has reopened the Bengal question. The volatile Trinamool leader was not part of UPA-1 that rested on the shoulders of the Left bloc but joined in 2009 after AICC manager Mohsina Kidwai recommended the two should join hands.In the event of Congress coming to power, many feel the sworn rivals in Bengal may review their hostility to UPA either out of \"compulsion\" or \"secularism\".Congress leaders are not ruling out going solo in the polls without disturbing the Omar Abdullah government in Srinagar. The bitterness between the local units, clashes over AFSPA and security of panchayat officials have opened fissures not anticipated before.The Antony panel will also have to decide if joining hands with Lalu Prasad is more beneficial than waiting it out for results and then seeing the options. A BJP victory in Delhi may keep JD(U) in the saffron embrace but a Congress win could force it to recalculate its future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355784", "title": "Muharram builds bridges between different faiths", "text": "HYDERABAD: True to the syncretistic culture of the Deccan, several Hindu devotees from across the state will be chanting Ya Hussain (O Hussain) as they mourn the martyrdom Hazrat Imam Hussain and his family on 10th of Muharram this Sunday.E. Rajender Das, a resident of Ramathapur, also Hindu by faith, will be the alambardaar (standard bearer) of the historic Bibi Ka Alawa in Dabeerpura. His entire family will be present and according to Das, they believe that a 'darshan' of the alam gives them peace of mind.\"The alams for as are like devis and devtaas which explains our belief in them. Faith is an inexplicable phenomenon. I wouldn't be exaggerating if I say that we believe in the alam and revere the martyred equally as Muslims if not more,\" Das said.\"There are thousands of Hindus who visit various Ashoorkhanas in the city and state because there is no feeling of ill will against any person of any community here,\" he added.Das is the chairman of Fatima Seva Dal which organises majaalis (gatherings of mourners) on the 9th of Muharram every year. He lifts the maahi maraatab (fish standard) every year with his family and is an active member of the 10th of Muharram procession. \"Pamphlets in Telugu have been distributed to explain to folks that Muharram is not a joyous festival but a month of sorrow,\" he said. Sources said, Muharram is also known as 'Peer la Panduga' (festival of the saint) by Telugu devotees. According to Syed Abbas Moosvi, mutawalli (custodian) of Badeshahi Ashoorkhana, the 400-year old place of worship witnesses at least 5,000 Hindu devotees each year who touch the Panjtan-e-Pak (five holy souls which include Prophet Muhammad and his family) Alam and pray.\"Large numbers are seen on the 9th and 10th of Muharram. They come and ask for the almighty's bounties,\" he said.Other than locals, at least 200 foreign tourists, including a large number of researchers from Italy and USA were here to study how Muharram is observed in the city, he said. Lakhs of people are expected to be part of the Alam which will be mounted on an elephant in the final procession. today which begins at Bibi Ka Alawa in Dabeerpura.According to Syed Hamed Jaffari from AP Shiya Youth Conference, it will travel a distance of around six kilometres from Bibi Ka Alawa to Masjid-e-Ilahi in Chaderghat beginning at around 1 pm. According to Syed Hamed Hussain Jaffari, president AP Shiya Youth Association, the Bibi Ka Alawa, the procession will first move to Shaikh Faiz Kaman in Yakutpura.From there it will travel towards Charminar where devouts will engage in self-flagellation with chains, repeatedly inflicting incision on their backs with the Etebar Chowk. Then the procession will go to Bargah-e-Fatima opposite in Mirchowk and stop at Masjid-e-Ilahi mostly around 7 pm. Further, another 400-year old important procession from Nala-e-Mubarak in Pathergatti will move towards the Badeshahi Ashoorkhana covering nine kms from 9 pm on Saturday night to 6 am on Sunday.\"Around 20,000 devotees are expected to do maatam here. Further, dhatti (floral tribute) will also be made here,\" said Moosvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356438", "title": "Prepaid auto stand still eludes Hatia stn", "text": "RANCHI: When deputy commissioner Vinay Chaubey made the announcement of a prepaid auto stand for Hatia railway station from August 15 this year, the travellers heaved a sigh of relief in the hope that they would no longer have to bear up with the whims and fancies of auto drivers. Four months have passed since the announcement was made, the railway station is yet to have a prepaid stand.Fifty prepaid autos were to be deployed at Hatia railway station to provide 24x7 hrs service.Mohit Sahu, an engineering student, who lives in Bangalore but visits Ranchi at times, said, \"I usually board the Hatia Yeshwantpur Express and every time I have to go home from the station, I invariably get into a heated discussion with the auto drivers as they always charge more. I was hoping that with the prepaid auto stand, I would no longer run the risk of being fleeced every time I visited the city. But I guess, I will have to wait a little longer for that.\"Prepaid auto stand was started at Ranchi railway station in August 2011 but did not get a very good response, following which it was shut down. Raju Kumar, one of the drivers who was allotted space in the stand, said, \"It was really difficult for us to manage prepaid auto as the fare never increased and those driving non-prepaid autos earned much more than we did. As a result, none of us wanted to drive pre-paid autos.\"The DC said the prepaid auto stand could not be started immediately as the administration was not sure about the kind of response it would get. He added, \"The prepaid auto service did not receive a good response from the people. This resulted in the stand remaining closed for months. We have changed the operator for the service and will relaunch it. Only if it gets a good response, can we think of starting a prepaid auto stand at Hatia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356161", "title": "Traffic diversions for processions", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district administration has put into effect traffic diversions with regard to the Muharram processions. The diversions will remain in effect all through Sunday.Traffic heading to the city from Sitapur Road will be diverted to their respective destinations via Daliganj railway crossing towards Kapoorthala crossing and IT crossing. Vehicles entering the city from Hardoi Road side will be diverted from the crossing near the King George's Medical College and restrictions will be enforced from Koneshwar crossing Ghantaghar route. Traffic bound for Pucca Pul will be diverted via Daliganj bridge.Meanwhile, Hardoi Road-bound traffic from Kaiserbagh will be diverted via Shahmina Road. Traffic restrictions will also be enforced on the stretch between Husainabad and Chhota Imambara. Similar restrictions will be enforced on the stretch between Chowk and Nimbu Park. Restrictions will be enforced around Bada Imambara and Chhota Imambara.No traffic will ply on the Nakhkhas road starting from the Medical College crossing up to the Talkatora Industrial estate road that leads to Alambagh. Similarly, the stretch of road from Naka Hindola towards Karbala Malika Jahan and Bazarkhala will also remain closed for traffic on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354525", "title": "Jams likely due to Muharram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi traffic police have issued a traffic advisory on the occasion of Muharram on Sunday. Anjuman-e-Taziadaran (confederation of all tazia organizations) will take out tazia processions from 9pm on Saturday.Processions from Kalan Mahal, Suiwalan, Pahari Imli, Chitli Qabar, Nabi Karim, Sadar Bazar and Bara Hindu Rao will assemble at Hauz Quazi chowk around 4am and then go to Jama Masjid chowk. Thereafter, they would disperse around 6am to their respective localities.Again around 10am, all tazia processions from nearby areas will start from their respective places, follow their traditional routes, and assemble at Hauz Quazi chowk around 2pm. Thereafter, these would merge with the main tazia procession at different places enroute to Karbala (Jorbagh). This procession will pass through Hauz Quazi chowk, Jama Masjid chowk, Ajmeri Gate, Paharganj bridge, Chelmsford Road, New Delhi railway station, Connaught Place, Sansad Marg, Red Cross Road, Raisina Road, Vijay Chowk, Krishna Menon Marg, Tughlaq Road, Sri Aurobindo Marg and Jorbagh Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bongaon", "code": "17354736", "title": "Four persons, 16 cows die in truck collision", "text": "BONGAON: Four persons and at least 16 cows were killed after a cattle-laden truck rammed into another truck on Bongaon-Chakdah Road at Sealdanga in North 24-Parganas late on Friday.Witnesses said the accident occurred as the driver was trying to escape some extortionists. He sped up but soon lost control and hit the other truck from behind.On Saturday, hundreds of people squatted on the railway track near Gate No. 15 and 16 on the Ranaghat-Bongaon section to protest against the accident, disrupting train services on the route and traffic on the Bongaon-Chakdah Road.They alleged that extortionists enjoy a close nexus with the cops and thus police, despite being present near the spot, did not bother to act. Later, a large contingent, including RAF and combat force, had to be deployed to bring the situation under control and the blockadde was finally lifted around 1.30pm after senior police officers assured agitators of legal action.The accident took place around 1.30am when the truck carrying around 30 cows was on its way to Meherpur near the India-Bangladesh border of Bongaon. Locals alleged that it was a prevalent practice among a gang of youths who would stop every truck ferrying cattle and extort money. \"Cases of forcible collection of money and efforts on part of truck drivers to flee had led to accidents even in the past,\" said a witness.On Friday, when the youths tried to stop the truck, driver Marju Mondal sped up after being directed by cattle dealer Moktar Mondal and managed to drive past them. However, he soon lost control over the wheel and rammed into the truck in front. \"While the speeding truck tried to flee the spot in a bid to avoid the youths standing on the road, the driver suddenly lost control and hit another truck. Apart from Moktar and Marju, the driver and helper of the other truck were also killed,\" said a local.\"The youths, claiming to be local club members, often demand money from the traders. The cops have a nexus with the extortionists. They stood as mute spectators while the extortionists were collecting money from the trucks on Friday night. Despite our repeated appeals, no action is taken against the culprits,\" said local trader Ali Monohar Gaji.Four persons and at least 16 cows were killed after a cattle laden truck rammed into another truck on Bongaon-Chakdah Road at Sealdanga near Gopalnagar in North 24 Parganas late on Friday night. The accident occurred while a group of local youths were collecting extortion money from the trucks and the former truck driver tried to escape their extortion attack instead of stopping his vehicle. Hundreds of local people squatted on the railway track and also put up a road block for about five hours to protest against the accident alleging the youths used to collect money forcibly from the cow-businessmen by stopping the speeding truck which led to the several accidents in the area. They also alleged that police did not take any action against the extortionists on Saturday night despite the cops were present at the spot. The railway services on Ranaghat-Bongaon section were severely disrupted following the day-long agitation.After being informed a large police contingent including RAF and combat force have been deployed to bring the situation under control. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The accident took place around 1.30 am on Saturday when the truck carrying around 30 cows was on its way to Meherpur near Indo-Bangladesh border of Bongaon. Some youths collecting money from several trucks after stopping those vehicles on the road, tried to stop the cattles loaded truck to collect money. But the truck driver Marju Mondal did not stop the truck after being instructed by the cow-businessman Moktar Mondal sitting beside him. \"While the speeding truck tried to flee the spot in a bid to avoid the youths standing on the road the driver suddenly lost its control and rammed into another truck from behind at a high speed. All the four persons were in the truck died at the spot and the cows were also killed,\" said an eyewitness.The 32-year-old Moktar, the cow-businessman, Marju(28), the truck driver, Nalsar Mondal(16), the helper and another boy in the truck, Ilias Mondal(14) died at the spot. The 16 cows in the truck were also killed in the accident.On Saturday morning the local residents gathered at the spot and launched an agitation protesting against the accident. They squatted on the railway track at the rail gate no 15 and 16 at Meherpur and Gopalnagar following which the traffic was also disrupted on Bongaon-Chakdah Road.\" The youths claiming themselves as local club members often demand money from the traders The cops have nexus with the extortionists. Police stood as mute spectators while the local extortionists as usual collecting money from the trucks on Friday night. Despite of our repeated appeals police hardly take action against the culprits,\" said Ali Monohar Gaji, a local trader.The block was withdrawn around 1.30 p.m. after the senior police officials came to the spot and assured the agitators to take a legal action in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355691", "title": "Drug abuse case: Anti-narcotics wing likely to probe", "text": "INDORE: Taking a serious note of the drug abuse on campus of country's prestigious Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I), officials of the anti-narcotics wing of Madhya Pradesh police are likely to carry out a probe to find out the source of drug supply to students. They may visit the campus soon in this regard.Said additional director general of police, UR Netam, \"I have written to the superintendent of police to conduct secret operation and find out the source of drug supply. He has also been asked to submit a report in this regard.\"\"Though it is the responsibility of college administration to keep a check on flow of drugs inside the campus, but as the matter is serious, we will initiate action this time,\" he added.However, the communication is yet to reach SP head quarters.\"I have not yet received the official communication but we will act appropriately as soon as the orders are received,\" said superintendent of police, head quarters, Dr Ashis.Meanwhile, on Saturday, scores of Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activists forcefully entered the institute premises and demanded director's resignation. The director has also been drawing flak from faculty members for poor administration.The activists, who staged protest for more than two hours, tried to meet director N Ravichandran, but in vain. Later, they handed over a letter of allegations to the institute authorities.Nimesh Pathak, secretary, ABVP said, \"It is ironic that the director who is facing several allegations is still on the post. He should resign immediately.\"When contacted, public relation officer of the institute, Akhtar Parvez said, \"We are conducting internal investigations to find out the source but nothing concrete has been found yet. We have expelled the students, and their right to director's appeal has also been rejected.\"According to the institute insiders, the possible route of drug could be through canteen operating in the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bijnor", "code": "17361216", "title": "16-year-old girl killed in open firing at SP leader", "text": "BIJNOR: A 16-year-old girl was killed this afternoon when three motorcycle-bourne assailants opened fire at a leader of Samajwadi Party's youth wing here, police said.The trio opened fire at district vice president of Samajwadi Yuvjan Sabha, Shanky Rastogi, when he was at his medical store, police said.Two of the bullets hit Toshi Rastogi, who was standing nearby, on her head and chest, killing her on-the-spot, they said.Out of the three assailants, two have been arrested, they said, adding, police personnel have been deployed at the spot following the incident.It was not immediately known whether Shanky and Toshi were related to each other, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356331", "title": "Cardinal Cleemis leaves a Kerala mark on consistory", "text": "KOCHI: Adding a touch of Oriental religious flavour to the heavily European College of Cardinals, Syro-Malankara Catholic church's archbishop Mar Baselios Cleemis Thottunkal was anointed as Cardinal on Saturday.In the consistory held at St Peter's Basilica in Vatican, Pope Benedict XVI bestowed Cleemis with the ritualistic headgear and ring, elevating him to the elite club of 'Princes of Church' who can elect the next Pope.Wearing the Oriental-orthodox scarlet-and-black choir dress and black cap, Mar Cleemis stood out from the rest of the churchmen. Instead of the traditional biretta the Pope crowned him with the Oriental black cylindrical cap with a scarlet top portion adorned with an emblem of cross.He took a pledge of allegiance and faith, and was given the church of Gregory VII as the titular church. The consistory began at 3.30pm (IST), after special prayers and a speech in which the pope highlighted the fact that the church is that of people, speaking in the 'various cultures of the different continents'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355769", "title": "Fresh war erupts between secretary and chairman of Yeshwant Club", "text": "INDORE: The secretary of Yeshwant Club, Sunil Bajaj, has issued a white paper to all the members of the club, in which he has claimed that all the development works done within the club premises were executed by him. On its part, the chairman, Paramjit Singh Pummy is planning to take strict action against the secretary for his action. The managing committee of the club is likely to meet shortly to take a call on the issue.Both of them have been at loggerheads since the new body of the managing committee started functioning post-elections that were held at the club after a duration of two years. While Pummy is serving second term in a row as chairman of the club, Bajaj had contested the poll on behalf of the rival panel. Last time, the differences between the two had come to light during the MPCA elections over the exercising of franchise on behalf of the club.In the white paper for first four months (July-October, 2012) as issued by him on the occasion of recently concluded Deewali festivities, the secretary, Bajaj, has claimed that the credit for all the development works that were undertaken by the club during the period should be credited to him. Some of the works, for which he has claimed the credit include conservation of resources like electricity and water and saving expenditure on fronts like staff dues and general repairs and above all, the ongoing work on RFID security system in the club. A copy of the white paper is with ToI too.Going a step ahead, Bajaj says, \"I wish to save substantial amount on electricity spending.\" Also he claims that one per cent of annual increase in occupancy means addition of Rs 33,000 per year to the club income in case \"I am able to increase it by 20 per cent that means an additional income of approx Rs 7 lakh per annum.\"Two members of the managing committee, Kulvinder Singh Gill and Santosh Mishra have already put in their papers from their membership in their reaction to the secretary's act. While the secretary has termed it as a 'publicity stunt', the chairman says that he has rejected their resignation and rather urged them to continue to be on their post. Some of the members of the club that have come out in the open for support of chairman include Anil Daddha, Rakesh Garg, Pravin Kasliwal, Jayesh Shah and Vijay Parekh. All of them say that they are unhappy with the style of functioning of the secretary.However, the chairman has termed the white paper as an act of acute self narcissism.When contacted, the club's chairman, Pummy said, \"I find the act by the secretary highly objectionable one as the secretary has got powers only to spend upto Rs 1,500 at a time. He wants to take credit for all the works, that have been done by the joint efforts of the managing committee, rather than being the work done by a single person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17348932", "title": "Would love to be Aamir, but have long way to go: Rani", "text": "Rani Mukerji, Bollywood's talented actress, has clear goals. She loves to be selective and admires to be in the hearts of her fans. The actress tells TOI about her approach towards films, her camaraderie with Mr. Perfectionist of Bollywood, her upcoming film Talaash and her wish list of directors.Rani dressed in an abstract print outfit with her smoky eyes carried her broad smile, quite effectively. The actress seemed at her comfortable best while she sipped the hot green tea and started indulging into a conversation. No One Killed Jessica , Aiyyaa and now Talaash , the journey for Rani in last three years seems to be slow, but steady. \"One movie a year is not really a conscious decision, but one film at a time is definitely, yes. When I am shooting for a particular film, I would like to shoot for that one and once I finish it, I start work on my next project,\" said Rani calmly.While many of her fans call her the lady Aamir Khan of Bollywood, Rani too confesses to be inspired by the Mr. Perfectionist. \"Yes, lot of times I do get to hear that and I would be honored if they actually mean it. I do admire Aamir a lot as an actor and as a person he is. It's great when people believe in me, but I have a long way to go as Aamir is 15 years senior to me in profession and also in age (chuckled Rani). He conducted his professional life so well,\" expressed Rani being well aware of the tag.One film old Rani, was star struck with Aamir's presence on the sets of Ghulam , how has the equation changed with passing years, we asked curiously. \"For me I always treat Aamir as someone from whom I learn and look up to. The comfort level is different because we have developed friendship over years. It's very different when you are friends with somebody. In Ghulam I was in awe of Aamir in front of me, but during Talaash I used to think Oh my god, this is Aamir, the actor, but I want to sit and gossip with him (she honestly confessed). We have spent so much time as friends not in front of camera that I think working with Aamir again is an experience,\" Rani told pleasantly.Rani plays Roshni in Talaash , but refrained from revealing too much about her character, courtesy the suspense genre. \"I can't say much about the character or film as it's a suspense drama. I think you talk about one thing which leads to another. It will be thrilling when audience will discover the film and each character in the film,\" said Rani with a slight pause.Bollywood has established its own benchmark when it comes to comedy and action, but is suspense genre lacking behind, we quipped. \"In the past we had movies like Madhumati , Woh Kaun Thi, Teesri Manzil . Its not that the industry didn't dealt with suspense thrillers, but I think over the period suspense changed into masala entertaining films. Now, again suspense drama is back telling a story with Talaash . So, let's see how the audiences react to it,\" said Rani.The actress believes in versatility and trialing, but claims romance to be her comfort precinct. \"I love doing romantic roles, I love doing drama. Any film that has romance or romantic drama is my comfort,\" confessed the actress.Rani abstained to distinguish between female and male directors. \"Actually directors don't have a gender. Either they are good or bad. Reema is a very good director and it's wonderful to work with directors, who have command on their work. I am proud to be working under captain like Reema,\" added the actress.Rani has a big want list of directors, but asserted on her wish to work with directors, who like Rani as an actress. \"I would love to work with all the new directors like Maneesh Sharma, Habib Faisal and even Zoya Akhtar. She is just two films old, but she has carved a niche for herself. I would love to work with Imtiaz Ali as I appreciate his sense of romance. To be true, I want to work with directors absolutely in love with me,\" proudly concluded Rani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354660", "title": "Techie couple held for card theft", "text": "KOLKATA: They are suave, highly educated, and well-placed in the IT sector. Hardly the suspects police expected to find at the end of a trail of theft and misuse of debit card. Raja Dutta, a software engineer who owns a company, and his alleged partner-in-crime Bandana Kumari, a well-placed employee with an ITES major, are now cooling their heels in lock-up.Investigators say the duo had planned the crime so well that it would have been difficult to track them but for the bank's instant messaging service and the victim's quick response. Police have recovered a camera, three cellphones and memory cards that Raja and Bandana had allegedly bought with the stolen card. A laptop, belonging to the victim, IT employee Saibal Banerjee, has also been seized. Police say Raja and Bandana had even used someone else's car to carry out the crime.On Friday, Saibal, an employee of Techno India, went to the Salt Lake Sector V campus where recruitment was on. He kept his bag that had his wallet, a laptop and other belongings, in a room around 10.00am and went about his work. About four hours later, his cellphone pinged with a message from the bank that Rs 23,040 had been debited from his account. He was surprised as he had not bought anything to run up such a bill.He rushed to the spot where he had kept his bag and found it was gone. He immediately called the bank and learnt that the transaction had taken place at Axis Mall, New Town, about 6km from the campus. He called the mall and got in touch with the shop-owner. The couple was just leaving the counter when his call came through. Saibal asked the owner to hold the couple back and dialed the Electronic Complex police station.Police responded within minutes and accompanied Saibal to the mall. But they found that the couple had left the shop in unusual haste before the shop-owner could ask for authentication of the card. In fact, they had left the card behind in their hurry. Police examined the CCTV footage and zeroed in on the couple leaving in a red Santro car. \"We could take down its registration number,\" said an officer.From motor vehicles records, police found that the car belonged to Ruma Ghosh of Baguiati. Ruma, taken aback when police landed at her doorstep, said she had left the car at a repairing garage in Hatiara on October 20. Investigators went to the garage and interrogated the owner, Md Imamuddin, who confessed that he had loaned the car to two of his old customers Raja Dutta and Bandana Kumari. The duo had come in a Maruti Esteem a little after 11am for some \"urgent repairs\" and asked for a substitute car. Imamuddin gave them the Santro that he had repaired a few days ago. He had no clue that the car would be used in a crime.With Imamuddin's help, Bidhannagar police arrested the couple from near Bowlers' Den, Salt Lake. Faced with overwhelming evidence, it didn't take long for the couple to confess.While interrogating Raja, police were surprised by his impressive CV. He has worked with nearly every tech major in the country and his last job was as a senior manager with a leading software firm. He had recently started his own business but it wasn't doing well, he apparently told police. Raja is married and has a child but was living-in with Bandana for about a year, say police. Bandana, a smart and attractive ITES employee at New Town, hails from Sundargarh in Odisha. The two met during a business seminar and quickly developed an intimacy, say police. But it was becoming increasingly difficult for Raja to maintain two establishments, said an officer of Bidhannagar police commissionerate.A court has remanded Raja in police custody for three days and Bandana in jail custody till December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17360037", "title": "Over 250 people attended free health checkup camp", "text": "PUNE: With an objective to raise awareness about diabetes, Chellaram Diabetes Institute organised a free health check-up camp at their hospital premise in Bavdhan recently. The camp, held on the occasion of World Diabetes Day, was attended by more than 250 people. Blood glucose test was conducted for all and people were told about diabetes risk and preventive measures through a healthy lifestyle.A unique cooking competition was also held where 30 enthusiastic cooks dished out various recipes without any use of fire. From traditional Maharashtrian appetiser (Solkadi) to international salads (Burrito) to sugar-free dessert like Kaju-Anjeer roll, the contestants presented a startling variety of diabetes-friendly and easy-on-the-waistline delicacies. Participants comprised men and women of all ages along with some very young children.Speaking on the occasion, Col M K Mandal, chief medical director of Chellaram Diabetes Institute said, \"The idea (of the competition) was to demonstrate how healthy food does not have to be boring or tasteless. Diabetes can be managed or even be prevented through a healthy lifestyle. The food we eat plays a major role in this. We hope that in our little way, have given the visitors and participants something valuable to take back home.\"The contest was judged by Sachin Bhamare, owner of Death by Caffeine, Kareem's and Edesia Hospitality and Parag Nair, owner of Zodiac Restaurant in Baner. Parag Nair also demonstrated a healthy pasta recipe to the enthusiastic visitors. Post graduate students from Sancheti Hospital volunteered for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355397", "title": "Past papers promise new life to Mughal palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 1979 notification of the state roads and buildings department has become a crucial document in the battle to preserve the Moti Shahi palace, the last remaining Mughal palace in western India. The state archaeological department has written to Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's (AMC) heritage cell to keep in mind this notification before granting permission to the Sardar Vallbahbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) to continue with their additions to the palace.SVPMS, which bought the structure from the state government 1979 for Rs 57.23 lakh, has been accused of illegally altering the 390-year-old palace built by emperor Shah Jahan without the requisite permissions. The trust applied for permission to introduce changes in the 390-year-old structure only after TOI repotted on how the trust had started construction without informing any authority.The trust had constructed new cement galleries on three sides along with a staircase. Two lift shafts have been added on the west side. The palace's basement - the servant quarters - was being tuned into shops.One of the main conditions set by the state government during the sale was that the SVPMS would approach the archaeology department before adding even a brick to the palace.The conditions state, \"Because Moti Shahi Palace is of archeological and historic importance, the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society would be required to approach the state archaeology department before making any minor or major changes to the building and/or adding new structure to the existing building\".This condition was out and out violated by SVPMS. It was because of the Gujarat high court's intervention on a public interest litigation (PIL) by Umang Hutheesing in August that the trust was forced to stop all construction.The notification insisted that the responsibility of preservation, conservation and repair work would be solely of SVPMS. It also stated that if in future SVPMS decided to wind up its activity, the state government would take possession of the palace. The society was not allowed to demolish the structure or sell it to any individual.\"We have searched our files since the sale in 1979. SVPMS has never taken permission for any repair work. The roads and buildings department, which owned the palace before the SVPMS, understood the historical and archaeological importance of the structure,\" says director of state archaeology, YS Rawat. \"We have written to AMC just to remind them of the pre-conditions that exist before they give any permission for repairs and additions,\" adds Rawat.The palace was de-listed by the Archaeology Survey of India on April 11, 1961, along with nine other buildings in Gujarat and 28 in the country. The palace, according to the notification, seized to be the Raj Bhavan or Governor's residence on August 14, 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17399877", "title": "Horse riding, the latest fitness craze", "text": "Visakhapatnam: It's not just the good old gymming or swimming that Vizag's fitness brigade is resorting too for workouts. Horse-riding is now galloping ahead as the latest fad among the city's fitness freaks.Though considered elitist and hitherto restricted to being the favourite pastime of officers in the Indian Navy or a few tycoons who maintain horses in the comfort of their sprawling farms, leisurely trots along the seashore as a means for staying fit are catching the fancy of Vizagites.Vizag's sole horse riding club and training centre for civilians - Bay Front Horse Club - near Sagar Nagar that kicked off training classes only in August this year, already claims to have roped in around 60 members, with new members trotting in.Even the steep Rs 15,000 per month fee has failed to deter Vizagites right from six-year-olds to middle- aged mommies and aunties to the entire families taking to daily horse riding classes. The vast open spaces to set up riding arenas, natural settings and safe beaches for outdoor training are encouraging enthusiasts to take up riding as a regular fitness activity, say horse enthusiasts.For E Sirisha, Sharmila, Akhilesh, Y Trinayna, Y Ritwik and Y Sahashri, horse-riding is a great physical activity and a thrilling experience all rolled into one. \"We all joined the club because it would be a good workout. Unlike gymming and swimming, horse-riding is an offbeat exercise. There's no monotony as every riding class is a new experience. We also find it relaxing and a stress buster,\" says Sirisha.Trinayna chips in, \"When I ride a horse, I feel like a conqueror, a queen. I don't want to skip it a single day as I thoroughly enjoy this 30-minute class. After completion of advanced training, I am looking forward to beach rides.\"Ch Lakshminarayana Reddy, who has been riding since childhood and recently acquired another horse from Rajasthan's Pushkar fair, points out, \"I feel riding is a great sport, a very good exercise and one of the best stress busters.\"Though setting up horse riding facilities is a difficult task as horses are very difficult to maintain and need proper grooming, B Srinivas managing director of Bay Front Horse Club and a horse-riding enthusiast, says the sport is definitely picking up in Vizag. \"The love of horses, riding and the city made me start this club and introduce this light sport that can also help promote tourist activities in Vizag,\" says Srinivas.While the club claims its trainers are experience men hand picked up from the Army and Navy, it's the thoroughbreds Rambo (the lead horse), Star, Jockey, Payal, Stallion, Kajal and Champion, all aged between 4-6 years, that have caught the fancy of many new learners.So enthused is Ch Akhilesh with his riding experiences at the club that he has decided not to hold his horses but go the whole hog. \"After taking riding lessons and watching these majestic horses, I'm planning to take 'ownership' or joint-ownership of a couple of horses from the club in the future,\" said Akhilesh.Then there are those like Class IX student Vincent Leonart who are driven by the prospect of making a career out of horse riding to enroll in the club. \"I'm crazy about horses. I want to be a jockey so I am taking lessons,\" says Vincent, one of the fast learners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17355992", "title": "Demand for ITIs up, says edu minister", "text": "PUNE: State minister of higher and technical education and power, Rajesh Tope on Saturday said that the demand for Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) was growing, as more jobs are being created in engineering and technical sectors.He was at the 21st convention of association of Industrial Training Institutes instructors.\"Basic infrastructure and modern technological support is necessary for ITI students to increase their employability. Many ITI institutes across the state are performing well and students from rural parts are keen to enroll in such institutes to get jobs,\" said Tope.The association of ITI teachers handed over a memorandum of their demands to Tope. Though the officials of the association refused to divulge the details, Tope said that there were some pending demands raised by the teachers. The state government will try to resolve the matter at the earliest, he said. Principal of Aundh ITI, RV Kakde was also present at the event.Over 14 ITIs out of 200 across the state have been adopted by various industrial houses.Experts from these industries teach at these institutes where the courses offered have been revamped in consultation with the respective industry heads so that students can find jobs easily, on completion of their course. Most students from these institutes are absorbed by the industrial houses that have adopted them. Companies from sectors like automobile, forging, engineering and automobile spare parts manufacturing have adopted the industrial training institutes. The convention also discussed these tie ups and how they have benefited students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17356435", "title": "Proposal for new high-mast lamps puts civic body in fix", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nothing scares the city corporation like high-mast lamps these days. Scarcely a month after the corporation directed its officials to conduct an energy audit to monitor the enormous power consumption of high-mast lamps, a fresh proposal for eight more high-mast lamps have come up before the corporation council.The ruling council, which placed the proposal in the council meeting with an aim of arriving at a consensus to check the installation of lamps, failed to achieve the motive as the discussion digressed into other topics. Now, the corporation is in a dilemma over the new proposals.If the high-mast lamps are installed, it would severely burden the corporation that is already struggling to meet the humongous expense incurred by the lamps. Any move to abort the proposal would not be wise since the proposals have come from the Union Minister of State for human resource development and Thiruvananthapuram MP Shashi Tharoor .The power consumption of high-mast lamps and the resultant bills are nothing short of a nightmare for the corporation. Every month the corporation spends close to Rs 60 lakh to pay the electricity bills. Corporation pays KSEB Rs 6,500- 7,000 per month for a single high-mast lamp. The ordeal does not end here. For the maintenance of high-mast lamps alone, the civic body reserves Rs 1 lakh per month.\"We have asked the officials to prepare a data bank regarding the number of high-mast lamps at different junctions in the city. We were thinking of replacing the lamps when these fresh proposals have come up. More high-mast lamps could spell doom for the corporation in terms of financial expense,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.Left with no other option, the corporation is now planning to forward a letter to Tharoor and MLAs \"Often they get the lamps installed and then forward a letter to us asking for future expense and maintenance. If they could consult with the corporation before the lamps are installed, it would be much better. We are planning to write to Tharoor and a few MLAs on the same,\" said Happy Kumar.Meanwhile, it is learnt that the corporation might go ahead with the installation of new high-mast lamps at eight places owing to political pressure. \"The ruling council would not want a conflict with a Union minister and hence the lamps might be probably installed in more places,\" a corporation official revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356567", "title": "ISRO to launch water rockets at Kakkanad", "text": "KOCHI: Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) will launch model water rockets at the Sarabhai Science Park, Kakkanad, as part of the CBSE state youth festival to teach students about space technology and make them familiar with building rockets.The rocket will be launched on Thursday and Friday to teach students what rocket technology is. A water rocket is a device which moves by the expulsion of pressurized water through its nozzle. These are working rocket models which are built with pressurized plastic soft drink bottles.The CBSE school state youth festival will be held from November 28 to December 1.Around 11,000 students from CBSE schools in the state are expected to %participate in the event, said CBSE school managements association secretary and festival general convener Indira Rajan.!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17360486", "title": "Ajmal Kasab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s execution will not affect Sarabjit\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s release: Advocate", "text": "JALANDHAR: The execution of 26/11 terror attack convict Ajmal Kasab will not affect the ongoing trial of Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh in Pakistan, his advocate Awais Sheikh has said.\"Sarabjit and Kasab's cases are different. Kasab's case was related to terrorism in which many were killed. Whereas Sarabjit's case is one of mistaken identity,\" Mr. Sheikh told PTI.\"Pakistan has officially accepted in court that Kasab was a Pakistani national. Kasab was responsible for the killing of many people in the Mumbai terror attack,\" he added.\"Sarabjit's case if one of mistaken identity. The most important point in this case is that he has spent 22 years in prison. I hope the President will consider Sarabjit's mercy petition and he will be released soon.\"However, the Pakistan government had said that Sarabjit's case will not be viewed in terms of Kasab's execution.Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur said, \"I want to thank Pakistani officials on behalf of my countrymen...Awais Sheikh met Sarabjit on November 11. I have full faith that Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari will hear my plea and definitely release Sarabjit.\"Sarabjit is on death row for the last 20 years following his conviction for alleged involvement in a series of bombings in Pakistan in 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356488", "title": "Cong dharna for more power to panchayats", "text": "RANCHI: A large number of Congress supporters, led by former Union minister and local MP Subodh Kant Sahay , staged dharna outside the divisional commissioner's office to press for decentralization of power at grassroots level and empower panchayati raj institutions (PRIs) to take administrative and financial decisions.At present, PRIs in Jharkhand are only empowered to take decision related to activities of the agriculture department.Party spokesman Rajesh Sinha said the dharna was part of a statewide agitation launched by the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) on Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary.\"Every worker of the party has taken oath to be a part of the agitation and continue it till the PRIs in the state get administrative and financial powers,\" said Sinha. Earlier, the party has organized dharnas in each block and district of the state and taken out rallies to seek people's support for the cause.Addressing the workers, Sahay described the agitation as a struggle for rights of people at grassroots level. \"It is the duty of the party to make people aware of the ulterior motive of the state government which is not decentralizing power and keeping people away from decision-making process at grassroots level,\" said Sahay.\"Every worker of the party should try and make people aware that if PRIs get administrative and financial power, they will not have to run after the block development officer or deputy commissioner to get a new road or repair the potholed highways,\" Sahay added. He even threatened to intensify the agitation and come out on roads with his supporters in coming days if the state government fails to empower the PRIs.A delegation of the party later submitted a memorandum to the divisional commissioner and requested for decentralization of power at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17355768", "title": "Lesser pollution this Diwali, or botched data?", "text": "VARANASI: The data collected by the online air monitoring station during this year's Diwali suggests that the average levels of pollutants like Carbon monoxide (CO), Nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and other oxides of Nitrogen recorded a decreasing trend in the ambient air of the city in comparison to 2011.Simply put, this means this year's Diwali caused lesser air pollution than last year's. Officials of the regional unit of UP Pollution Control Board and people from local NGO's working in this field described it as a significant achievement towards creating awareness among citizens on minimising the use of firecrackers during the festival.However, the other side of the picture reveals that the levels of Nitrous oxide (NO) more than doubled this year while Sulphur dioxide levels remained the same. Besides, hourly records, particularly during evening and night hours suggested that the levels of these pollutants fluctuated considerably.Most confusing were the levels of the oxides of Nitrogen (NOx). While data showed an increased level of NO at a particular point of time, the level of NO2 was shown decreasing in the same period.\"How is this possible,\" wondered Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmental scientist and coordinator of the Centre for Environmental Science and Technology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU). The levels of NO and NO2 could not show contradictory or opposite behaviour, said Tripathi questioning the compilation of data. NO and NO2 are produced from the reaction of nitrogen and oxygen gases in the air during combustion, especially at high temperatures. Oxides of nitrogen are formed wherever there is combustion.The data was compiled by the Envirotech Online Air Monitoring Station at Orderly Bazar for continuous ambient air quality monitoring (CAAQM).The CAAQM station came into existence following the directives of the Supreme Court, and it was created by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) in collaboration with the UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB). The SC in its various judgments identified 16 cities including Varanasi, Hyderabad, Patna, Ahmedabad, Faridabad, Jharia, Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai, Sholapur, Jodhpur, Chennai, Agra, Kanpur, Lucknow and Kolkata as equal to or more polluted than Delhi.The CPCB thereby took up the project of creating continued real time air quality monitoring stations in these cities.According to the data recorded on Diwali days (November 13, 2012 and October 26, 2011), the average CO level decreased from 1.97 mg/m3 in 2011 to 1.9 mg/m3 in 2012.The SO2 level was the same in 2011 and 2012 (14 microgram/m3) while NO2 decreased from 54 microgram/m3 in 2011 to 23 microgram/m3 in 2012.The levels of oxides of nitrogen also decreased from 212 microgram/m3 in 2011 to 67 microgram/m3 in 2012. However, all the gaseous pollutants remained within the prescribed limits set by the CPCB.\"It was the awareness of people and alertness of local administration that reduced the use of firecrackers this Diwali,\" said Chetan Upadhyaya of Satya Foundation, an NGO working in this field.Dr Franklin, the scientist at the regional office of UPPCB, said there is need of public awareness to reduce the environmental pollution.However, Tripathi was of a different opinion.\"There is no relevance of average value of pollutants in matters related to environmental pollution.The high concentration of a pollutant at a certain point of time reduces with the passage of time,\" said Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17353996", "title": "HC judge recuses in Rent Act case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition challenging the Rent Control Act, 1958, has been transferred to another bench because one of the judges hearing the case is a tenant who pays rent for a property falling under this Act.A bench of chief justice D Murugesan and justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw on Friday transferred the batch of petitions filed by women landlords in the capital to another bench, after the petitioners sought recusal of justice Endlaw.Citing the assets/properties declared by justice Endlaw under the Right to Information Act and posted on the HC website, advocate Shobha Aggarwal, president, Committee For Repeal of Delhi Rent Control Act and one of the petitioners, had urged the judge to recuse from hearing the case.In the recusal application, Aggarwal contended she learnt from the disclosures made under the RTI Act that justice Endlaw's assets in real estate or investments include an old tenancy premises in the Walled City area.She said the premises were earlier occupied by the judge's father. Pointing out that the property is known to be under rent control, the application cited this as \"one of the several grounds for justice Endlaw to recuse himself from the case\".Elaborating the reasons for seeking recusal, the application argued that if the HC were to declare Delhi Rent Control Act, 1958 unconstitutional, \"tenants like justice Endlaw would have to vacate the premises immediately. Thus, there is a natural apprehension in the minds of the petitioners that because of the conflict of interest involved, justice may elude them.\"In 2010, the HC had decided to entertain the petition challenging the DRC Act, 1958, which is being keenly followed by beleaguered landlords who have been getting paltry rents for the prime properties they let out. It had then issued notices to the Centre and Delhi governments asking them to furnish a reply.Through a series of rulings, the Supreme Court has already tilted the balance in favour of landlords \u00e2\u20ac\u201d allowing them to invoke need as a ground even for commercial properties. The only defence still available to a tenant for not paying market rent is the DRC Act which places a ceiling on rent in the capital.Arguing that DRCA should be done away with as it is a five-decade old Act that fails to adhere to the present rent structure, the petitioners have given examples of prime properties where tenants have been paying paltry rents for years and can't be evicted. The Act, passed way back in 1958, is an archaic legislation liable to be struck down as unconstitutional and violative of Article 14, 19(1)(g) and 21 of the Constitution of India, the petitioners argue. \"Lakhs of landlords who own property worth crores are getting monthly rents of Rs 400, Rs 600 or at the most Rs 1,200 and are living in a miserable state as they do not get the worth of their property,\" the petitioners lament, adding tenants, who would have otherwise had to shell out about Rs 2-4 lakh rent for the same properties, are paying a pittance to the landlords.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355392", "title": "Iffi to take tiatr, Goan folk dances to 20 villages", "text": "PANAJI: The Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) has decided that the experience of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) needs to reach the villagers in the interiors of the state and also that local folk artistes should be presented with an opportunity to showcase their arts.\"It was earlier decided that the peripheral activities for Iffi would be held only in eight villages. But once we announced that the peripheral activities are being planned, we had requests from several regions in the state to bring the activities to their village too. So we have decided to hold the programmes starting November 26 in 20 villages,\" ESG vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh said, adding that the programmes will be a mix of Goan folk performances, tiatrs, Marathi theatre and even Hindi music shows.Arambol, Pernem, Anjuna, Baga, Mapusa, Tivim, Mayem, Bicholim, Marcel, Shiroda, Ponda, Chandor, Canacona, Goa Velha, Vasco, Dongrim and Margao are some of the places where the shows will take place. Besides this, the facility constructed for the Iffi inaugural this year in Panaji will also be put to use for some shows by popular artistes, which includes Sukhwinder Singh. \"Some warm-up programmes will begin in the villages from November 24 itself and will begin in a big way from November 26. The programmes will begin in all the areas at 7pm each day. The celebrations will begin at Panaji at the inaugural programme facility created at Campal with performance by young Goan percussionist Prathamesh Chair and sitarist Yograj Borkar and the famous international band, Stereo Nation,\" Wagh said.He said that though the focus is on Goan artistes, ESG wanted to add star value the programmes as well.\"Eminent cinema star Manoj Joshi will perform a historical epic drama, Chanakya, on November 25 -the second day of the programme at Campal, while noted musician Shridhar Phadke will pay a tribute to his late father Sudhir Phadke and mesmerize the audience with his melodious film music over the last four decades,\" Wagh said. Singh will perform on November 27 and on 28 the journey of a 100 years of Indian cinema will be depicted through a dance performance showcasing the various stars and their dance styles over the years.Emiliano D'Cruz, Sonia Shirsat, Prince Jacob, John D'Silva, Milagres de Chandor, Luis &amp; Dominic, Peter Roshan, Akshada Bandekar are some of the Goan stars who will perform in the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17356489", "title": "Sudesh launches 92 schemes in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party has got a much-needed shot in the arm in Garhwa district with party chief and deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto laying the foundation stone of a check dam at Danro river. Mahto laid the foundation stone online. The check dam is to be constructed at a cost of Rs 3.71 crore. Mahto also inaugurated 92 schemes worth Rs 29 crore in the district on Friday.Political analysts believe that Ajsu Party in the district has gained political mileage from the positive initiatives taken by Mahto. The construction of the check dam had been in troubled waters for the past two years and laying the foundation stone had become a bone of contention between the two ruling allies, the Ajsu and the BJP.The deputy CM also inaugurated eight concrete roads in different blocks of the district and about two dozen panchayat bhawans.Addressing a large gathering in the girls middle school grounds, Mahto said those who have been making tall claims about the issue of irrigation did not do anything for it. He said he was serious about the grievances of the farmers. \"I am fully committed to ensure the irrigation facility to the farmers,\" he said.He also said he had directed the department concerned to bring those schemes which had been lying pending for the past 20-25 years on the surface. \"For this, I have directed the officials to prepare a detailed project report (DPR),\" he added. \"My priority will be to connect all remote villages by road,\" he said.On selecting BPL people, he said the process could only be possible through gram sabha as who is poor and who is not can be confirmed only in villages. He also said the government has planned to make the panchayti raj system more powerful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355744", "title": "Two youths die in separate incidents", "text": "INDORE: An 18-year-old boy died in a road accident when a school bus hit him in the Aerodrome area here on Saturday. The driver of the bus is at large. His sister's marriage is scheduled next week, said police.The deceased is Kaushal Kumawat, son of Rajkumar Kumawat. He was a resident of Nagin Nagar. The pillion passenger Sachin, an eight standard student also sustained injuries.Police said that the boy was riding the motor-bike when a bus numbered MP09 S6387 approaching from the opposite direction hit his vehicle. The bus belongs to Annie Besant School.The incident took place at around 4.30 pm in Nagin Nagar. The boy had gone to purchase milk and met the accident. He was rushed to Choithram Hospital where doctors declared him brought dead, said police.The marriage of his elder sister is planned next week, said police. Police have impounded the bus.In a separate incident a 22-year-old boy named Ilam, son of Mangilal a resident of Valmiki Nagar died when he fell down from a moving bus. According to police, the incident took place in Scheme number 51. He was standing on the gate of the bus and fell down. He was rushed to local hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.Police have sent both the bodies to district hospital for a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17399671", "title": "Feast for Visakhapatnam music lovers from Monday", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The 43rd annual festival of music and dance will begin at the Kalabharati auditorium here on November 26. Eminent artistes from different parts of the country will participate in the week-long classical music and dance programme, which is being organised by Visakha Music Academy (VMA).Promotion of fine arts in general and classical music and dance in particular is VMA's core objectives, VMA president, SV Ranga Rajan said. Giving details about the event to the media persons on Saturday, Rajan said that Visakhapatnam Port Trust chairman Ajeya Kallam would inaugurate the festival on Monday evening. This year's 'Naatya Kala Saagara' would be awarded to Saraswathi, artistic director of Vipanchi Natyalaya, Chennai. This title carries a presentation of a gold medal and a citation. He further added that the tradition of presenting the title to top artistes started from 1971, and the academy had honoured 48 artistes in the past 42 years.The MS Subbulakshmi Puraskar would be presented to Sriram Parasuram and Anooradha Sriram on the inaugural day. Similarly, the Dwaram Venkata Swamy Naidu Puraskar would be given to MSN Murthy on November 27 and Nedunuri Krishna Murty Puraskar would be presented to Neyveli Santhanagopalan on November 29, he added. The awards carry a cash award of Rs 10,000 and a citation.While briefing on the events, he said that there would be a Carnatic Hindustani Jugalbandi by Sriram Parasuram and Anooradha Sriram on November 26 evening. On November 27, there will be violin concert of MSN Murthy and Pantula Rama, on 28th a vocal concert of Mysore Srikanth and his group, on 29th there will be a vocal concert of Neyveli Santhagopalan while Kalaimamani Priya Jayaraman would present Bharatha Natya performance on November 30.On December 1, the concluding day, VV Ramana Murthy and his group will come up with the concept 'Layaalayam' on Mridangam, Rajan added. VMA secretary, MS Srinivas was also present on the occasion.Artistes from different parts of the country will participate in the week -long classical music and dance programme organised by VMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355445", "title": "Lack of 'stars' hinders regional cinema: Chandra", "text": "PANAJI: Bhojpuri and other regional cinema are suffering as financiers are looking at the stars involved rather than the story lines of the films.This observation was made by Bollywood actress Neetu Chandra while speaking at the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012. Chandra, who has produced a Bhojpuri film titled Deswa, claimed it is in an attempt \"to change the image of Bhojpuri cinema\".Chandra said this is the first time a Bhojpuri film is part of the Indian Panorama section at Iffi. Her brother Nitin, who has directed the film said Bhojpuri was not yet recognized as an official language in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution due to political reasons as if this was done, a large section of people would switch from Hindi to Bhojpuri. He said the language wasn't even an option in official forms and \"Hindi is imposed on us\".The Chandra duo claimed that their film, which has been shot in Bihar, has not yet found a buyer as distributors were not interested in the film as they felt it will not make money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354237", "title": "Sexual crimes against women rise 15% in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: If women increasingly feel unsafe in Mumbai, they now have statistics to back their fears and insecurity. The city recorded over 15% increase in incidents of rape, molestation and sexual harassment in 2011 over 2010, a CID report released on Friday has revealed.According to the 14th annual report, Crime in Maharashtra 2011, Mumbai witnessed 221 incidents of rape. An alarmingly high 39%, or 117 of these victims, were under 18 years of age. Worse, 41% of the total 584 rape cases across nine police commissionerates in the state were filed in the city.Mumbai also had the dubious distinction of registering the major chunk of molestation and sexual harassment cases. \"As many as 553 incidents of molestation were registered in 2011, which amounts to around 48% of the 1,139 cases in the metro towns which have a police commissionerate,'' a senior police official told TOI. However, there was some cheer too \u00e2\u20ac\u201ddowry deaths saw a 33% fall to 14 in 2011 from 21 in 2010.\"Thane city recorded 569 cases of crime against women in 2011, a marginal increase compared to 558 cases in 2010,'' the officer said. Crime against women touched a new high in Navi Mumbai too, with 201 cases being recorded in 2011 against 166 in the previous year. In 57 cases of molestation, women were subjected to inappropriate touching while walking home or in the market place, while in 33 incidents of sexual harassment, they complained of being bullied and intimidated.Another category of crime that has seen a marked rise in the city is robbery. \"Robbery cases rose 14% in 2011\u00e2\u20ac\u201d467 incidents were reported against 410 in 2010. In most cases, the victims were women and teenaged girls who were waylaid by biker gangs and robbed of their jewellery,\" said the official, who also highlighted the fact that most housebreaking incidents in the city involved senior citizens.\"Street crime is the biggest menace in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai and despite efforts at patrolling and attempt to invoke the MCOCA, it has not made the streets safe,\" he said.Interestingly, in a hint of a silver lining, dowry deaths have dropped substantially by 33% in the city.Cases of murder, too, have shrunk by 11% in Mumbai, as just 203 incidents were reported in 2011 against 228 in the previous year. \"This is a reflection of the firm fist control of the Mumbai police over organized crime and freelance gangsters who would not hesitate to pull the trigger for a few thousands rupees. In fact, incidents of causing grevious hurt, too, have reduced by a decent 4% in 2011. This has restored some semblance of law and order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17355017", "title": "One-on-one dialogue with farmers to break deadlock", "text": "NASHIK: A fresh dialogue with individual farmers is in the offing to break the deadlock over acquiring land for a rail link to Sinnar for the proposed SEZ.With farmers from Eklahara, Naigaon, Gulwanch-belt opposed to the land acquisition process by the collectorate for alignment of railway tracks between Odha and Sinnar for India Bulls, the collectorate has now decided to have a one-to-one dialogue with the farmers and take their consent on the issue.\"After listening to the farmers views on November 7, we found that several farmers were ready to give their land for the proposed compensation. The problem was, however, that there were several groups of farmers from various villages who have been opposing the issue. We have, therefore, decided to approach every farmer personally and take his consent on the papers to carry out a joint measurement before sending any particular report to the State Government,\" Collector Vilas Patil said.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has requested the collectorate to acquire the land for the alignment of 32 km of track between Odha and Gulwanch, further dubbed to be part of the railway track connecting Nashik and Pune. While the MIDC has been claiming that the alignment was government property, an RTI query by a villager revealed that the Central railway did not have any such proposal.The statement by Central Railway official that the alignment was meant for creating a siding for India Bulls has put the government in a tight spot as the farmers now claim that the government had been exposed on the issue. The land of nearly 2,100 farmers from Nashik, Niphad and Sinnar talukas is involved in the process and it was believed that the land was being acquired for a government project.The collector had earlier stated that in the event of farmers' stiff opposition on the issue, he would convey the same to the State Government. But now it has been decided that the collectorate would complete the process of meeting every individual and speaking to him and taking his consent over the land acquisition.\"Once that is done we will take the stock of the situation and report the facts to the state government. We are hopeful of carrying out the process in the matter of twenty days from now,\" Collector Patil said.To break the deadlock over acquiring land for a rail link to Sinnar for the proposed SEZ, a fresh dialogue with individual farmers is in the offing.With farmers from Eklahara, Naigaon, Gulwanch-belt opposed to the land acquisition process by the collectorate for alignment of railway tracks between Odha and Sinnar for India Bulls, the collectorate has now decided to have a one-to-one dialogue with the farmers and take their consent on the issue.\"After listening to the farmers views on November 7, we found that several farmers were ready to give their land for the proposed compensation. The problem was, however, that there were several groups of farmers from various villages who have been opposing the issue. We have therefore decided to approach every farmer personally and take his consent on the papers to carry out a joint measurement before sending any particular report to the State Government,\" Collector Vilas Patil said.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has requested the collectorate to acquire the land for the alignment of 32 km of track between Odha and Gulwanch, further dubbed to be part of the railway track connecting Nashik and Pune. While the MIDC has been claiming that the alignment was government property, an RTI query by a villager revealed that the Central railway did not have any such proposal.The statement by Central Railway official that the alignment was meant for creating a siding for India Bulls has put the government in a tight spot as the farmers now claim that the government had been exposed on the issue. The land of nearly 2,100 farmers from Nashik, Niphad and Sinnar talukas is involved in the process and it was believed that the land was being acquired for a government project.The collector had earlier stated that in the event of farmers' stiff opposition on the issue, he would convey the same to the State Government. But now it has been decided that the collectorate would complete the process of meeting every individual and speaking to him and taking his consent over the land acquisition.\"Once that is done we will take the stock of the situation and report the facts to the state government. We are hopeful of carrying out the process in the matter of twenty days from now,\" Collector Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17045621", "title": "Jaipur's tie-and-dye gets contemporary twist", "text": "Designer Swati Vijaivargie Jain has introuduced a Karva Chauth special collection, inspired by rich culture of Jaipur. She has mixed the traditional prints and embroidery with a contemporary feel to suit the tastes of today's women .The collection comprises of saris, suits and lehengas in bright hues of pink, blue, green, yellow and purple.\"There is a varied range of designs inspired from the rich culture of Jaipur. The collection is made up with thread resist shibori, using tie and dye and embroidery techniques in rich fabrics, thereby making it an international appeal for today's modern women,\" the designer in a statement.The collection also features design of peacocks, parrots, lotus and Ganesha on rich fabrics like silk , georgette, crepe and chiffon.\"The collection is meant for all those beautiful married women who are traditionally experimental,\" she said.Available at the designer's outlet in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad, these apparels are priced Rs.14,000 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354705", "title": "Spotting cricketing stars of tomorrow", "text": "GURGAON: When most are kids taking an afternoon nap after attending school, 41-odd youngsters chase their cricketing dreams at Yuvraj Singh Centre of Excellence (YSCE) in Baliawas, on the outskirts of Gurgaon.Zorawar, student of sixth standard at Pathways World School, said, \"I have always wanted to be a cricketer. Last year, I decided to join this academy. From the time I started playing cricket, my coaches have always encouraged me and want me to play for the country one day.\"Tanush, student of Class III, said he has been passionate about the game from a very young age. His parents supported his passion for cricket and they encouraged him to join YSCE. \"I am a big fan of Yuvraj Singh,\" he said.The head coach of the academy, Ravikant Sharma, said, \"I am amazed at the strength with which these kids compete. They are ready to give up their comfort to become sportsmen\". On Yuvraj Singh's visits to the academy, he said Singh has visited academy twice since it was launched last year but it does not make much difference as the coaches are doing a good job.About the centre's performance during the past one year, he said, \"Two students have been selected at the state and district level but we would like to see more students getting a chance to play at different levels in future. \"We took our team to South Africa recently, though performance-wise it was not good but the players got good exposure\" he added.One of the students said \"We wish Yuvi could visit the academy more often and we could get an opportunity to learn techniques from him. I have met him only twice - once during the launch of the academy and a second time when he returned after the treatment. He inspires me. I would like to see him more often.\"Talking about the facilities in the academy, centre head Siddharth said the students are given best facilities including bowling machines, high class pitches apart from swimming and yoga sessions.On the ratio of outsiders and school students among the trainees, he said only 35% students are from Pathways School, the rest are from other schools. However, he said that a few students took admission in the school after joining the academy. Speaking about the fee structure, he said the Pathways World School students are charged Rs 4,000 every month while outsiders pay Rs 4,500 for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356305", "title": "Woman killed in hit-and-run on TTK Road", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman, aged around 65, was killed in a hitand-run accident near the flyover on TTK Road.The woman is yet to be identified, and the vehicle that hit her has not been traced. Police say the accident must have taken place around 6am. A 10-litre can filled with kerosene was found near the body. Police said she suffered severe head injuries.Adyar traffic investigation inspector P Ravikumaran said, \"The woman didn't have any documents or papers on her. So we were unable to trace her family or identity. She was carrying holy ash, puja materials, some flowers and a gold chain.\" As it was dawn, no one noticed the accident.Police are waiting for people to come forward to file a missing person complaint so that they can identify the woman. \"Her relatives will probably approach us only after a few days. We think she might have come to Alwarpet to visit some relatives,\" a police officer said. \"Her body is at the morgue in the Government Royapettah Hospital,\" he said.The Adyar traffic investigation police have registered a case and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354504", "title": "RP Singh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 2G draft report full of holes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2G scam draft report submitted by former CAG official R P Singh , who has alleged that his findings were overridden by his seniors, was so shoddy that it failed to even establish that 85 of 122 telecom licences issued were in violation of the law.Issuance of these licences to ineligible applicants, the backbone of the illegalities in the 2G scam, was established later and the relevant paragraph was referred to the department of telecommunication. However, this was under Singh's signature calling in question his claim of having nothing to do with 2G report beyond his May 31, 2010, draft.Submissions by Singh and CAG Vinod Rai also cast an interesting light on an RTI that somewhat mysteriously landed on the former official's desk although he was the appellate authority. The response to the RTI significantly revealed Singh's reservations of the loss of revenue computations, including the Rs 1.76 lakh crore.CAG has said Singh's initials on the RTI letter suggest the application was directly handed to him at 5.30 pm on July 29, 2011. The applicant was one Boban Varghese Paul, a former St Stephen's College student union president. The documents were later handed over to him by hand.Rightfully the RTI request should have been first received at the Receipt and Issue section and later send to the CPIO. Singh explained the anomaly saying, \"Normal procedure is that entire daks which comes to the office, is put in a folder and circulated to the officers including DG (P&T;).\"Rai told PAC that it was the only instance \"as substantiated from office records where an RTI application was received directly in the DG's secretariat.\"Singh retired in September, 2011, as the Director General (P&T;) after overseeing the 2G scam audit but has since virtually disowned the report that bears his signature. He renewed his attack on CAG and dragged PAC chair M MJoshi into the firing line just as the winter session of Parliament got underway.Far from being a stickler for figures and audit formalities Singh's draft was overhauled although he was associated with the process, sources said.Documents also question the credibility of Singh's estimate of the 2G loss being merely Rs 2,645 crore when he audited the 2008 allocations under DMK leader A Raja. Singh said he arrived at this figure on the basis of cost inflation index (CII) issued by the finance ministry. This was the additional revenue the government could have received on account of entry fee.Rai told PAC that both the finance ministry and department of telecom considered the CII \"an inappropriate parameter to calculate the value as the CII failed to capture the rapid growth of telecom sector\". So it was the government itself that dismissed the figure.Interestingly, Singh said that it was up to individual perceptions whether to treat cost inflation figures as real or not.Singh and CAG differ on crucial aspects of the events that unfolded during the audit. Singh says he merely forwarded replies received from DoT in August, 2010. The submission, perhaps in keeping with his claim that he did not associate with the report after May, 2010, is challenged by CAG.CAG said that replies were scrutinised by Singh's office and a \"revised report incorporating the replies and further audit comments thereon was forwarded to headquarters in September, 2010.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355447", "title": "Pioneers' paradise", "text": "Ahmedabad has a long list of firsts to its credit. Long before the autorickshaw entered Indian markets in 1957, Amdavadis were manufacturing motorized rickshaws locally. The city also romanced the electric power quite early...First electricity customer: Bhadra Fort ClockEven to this day, the electricity meter of the Bhadra clock has the serial number 1. This gives the century-old clock tower the distinction of being the first power customer of the city. Earlier, kerosene lamps were used to make the clock tower visible to the city. It was the British who drew the first electricity line to the clock tower in 1915. An incandescent lamp was lit here first. Another interesting history of the clock is that it was maintained by the Ahmedabad Municipality and was erected in the year 1878 above the Bhadra Fort at a cost of \u00c2\u00a3243, which was equal to Rs 2,430 then. The details of the clock tower are mentioned in the 1879 Gazetteer of the Bombay Presidency under the head of Ahmedabad Municipality balance sheet. The heritage department of the AMC has taken up the responsibility of repairing the clock. They had even engaged an expert from Dhragandra who repairs tower clocks.Pioneer autorickshaw maker: Panchal Motor WorksIn the year 1947-48, cycle rickshaws were banned within city limits as public transport. This was the time when there was a need to develop a new avatar of the rickshaw. A garage store just outside Raipur Darwaza - Panchal motor works, volunteered to take up the project of manufacturing a motorized rickshaw. Though the garage has disappeared today, the mark it made in the history remains. The first autorickshaw was assembled on a steel body and a motor was attached to the paddle chain and gears system. The new rickshaw was launched on Independence Day August 15, 1948. The autorickshaw was Mahatma Gandhi's dream machine for the poor. The introduction of the autorickshaws to the rest of the India happened in 1957. A Pune-based trading company licensed the technology from the Piaggio Ape of Italy to produce the vhicles on an industrial scale in India. This is company we now know as Bajaj Auto which rules the three-wheeler market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17355505", "title": "Tewari invites CAG for open debate on 2G report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Union minister Manish Tewari on Saturday said the CAG should be ready for an open debate on its report on 2G spectrum allocation.\"The nation wants to know how Rs 2,645 crore of loss (in 2G allocation) became a presumptive loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore. It can happen only if CAG is prepared to debate the entire 2G report at an open public platform of their own choice,\" the information and broadcasting minister said.\"Let there be a public debate. Let CAG come and answer because these sensational figures have derailed India's growth story in the past two years. The 2G report has made public discourse extremely vitiated,\" he said.Tewari claimed that former CAG official R P Singh, in his draft report, had written that the loss in 2G spectrum allocation was only Rs 2,645 crore.\"Since in principle it was decided that the spectrum allocation was not to be auctioned, the loss estimation was not possible,\" said Tewari, adding, \"Now the question arises, how Rs 2,645-crore loss ballooned to Rs 1.76 lakh crore,\" he said.He said the debate on 2G spectrum allocation had taken place in the confines of Public Accounts Committee or Joint Parliamentary Committee. \"Because of the privilege attached to PAC, we are constrained not to make the debate public. Since so many facts have come out in public space, we want to request CAG to hold an open debate over the 2G report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17353854", "title": "2nd Test: Cook, Pietersen shine as England dominate Day 2", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday, around an hour before lunch, when England finally got the ball between Cheteshwar Pujara's bat and pad, the dismissal turned out to be not just a culmination of a special innings but a telling reminder of how one Indian batsman had defied the opposition.Scorecard | Match in PicsOnce Pujara left for a fine 135, England - who dominated Day Two - stepped in right away to take control, ending Day Two at 178/2 in reply to India's 327.Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann , with nine wickets between them, were the protagonists while England were on the field, taking huge advantage of a rapidly-changing wicket which left the Indian tail clueless. After Pujara's dismissal, the hosts were reduced to being side actors for the rest of the day.Swann's celebration at getting Pujara stumped - hands up in the air and a roar to match the occasion, gave away England's joy and frustration: It was the first time in three innings in this series that they had managed to dismiss Pujara.R Ashwin, who had made excellent use of his feet on Friday, timing the new ball well and feasting on tired England bowlers, departed for a very useful 68. India, however, still fell 23 short of the 350 mark they had thought was a suitable score.However, 327 looked good too and India knew they had a chance if some early wickets came along. Silence gripped the Wankhede when Alastair Cook and Nick Compton walked out to bat and Ashwin took the new ball. The expectation was that India's spin troika would wreak havoc, but it didn't exactly turn out that way.It took 31 overs and two deliveries till India got their first breakthrough. A thick edge off Pragyan Ojha gave Sehwag an easy catch at first slip. Jonathan Trott , one of England's better players of spin, came and left soon, adjudged leg before.Finally, Kevin Pietersen , the batsman whose reputation has preceded him this series yet, walked in next. That is as far as India got on Day Two, for the rest of the day belonged to KP and Cook.Cook was a bit lucky, surviving two difficult chances. Barring that, the left-hander appeared well set, moving his feet well against Ojha and, in particular, Ashwin.Pietersen was brash, legs pointed towards mid-on, the blade of the bat angled anywhere between the bowler and mid-off, as he set about proving his point.Caught up in all the excitement of the first two wickets, the changing nature of the wicket escaped India's attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354482", "title": "Day to start on foggy note: Met Department", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a cool and sunny day in the capital on Saturday with the maximum temperature settling at 27 degrees Celsius - average for this time of the year. The Met Office has forecast a foggy Sunday morning.\"There will be light mist in the morning on Sunday but the skies will remain clear during the day,\" said an official of the India Meteorological Department (IMD).The maximum and minimum temperatures are expected to hover around 26 and 9 degrees Celsius respectively, added the official.Saturday's minimum temperature was registered two notches below the average at 9.5 degrees Celsius.The humidity levels wavered between a high of 92 and a low of 42 percent respectively.Friday's maximum temperature was at season's average of 26.6 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature was three notches below average at 8.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354727", "title": "Reserved open spaces being encroached upon, says MLA", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress legislator from Vile Parle, Krishna Hegde, has accused ward officials of favouring traders and developers at the cost of locals by allowing them to encroach upon reserved open spaces.In a letter to municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte, Hegde said that at least three prime plots reserved for various amenities totalling over 2 lakh sq feet in Vile Parle have been encroached upon and the BMC has been reluctant to take action. On the Andheri-Ghatkopar link road, a marble trader alone has usurped 83,610 sq ft, he said. The reserved open space is being used to cut, grind and polish marble. \"The entire plot is an amalgamation of eight plots and is reserved for a recreational ground. The local K-East ward office along with the civic legal department are dragging their feet over the removal of the encroachment. Here there is a single encroacher,\" alleged Hegde.A senior civic official said the HC had stayed the eviction and the matter went to the apex court. \"Last month, the SC vacated the stay and we have now started the acquisition process. We have served eviction notices but since the structures are standing since 1989-90 we cannot remove them unless we provide alternate space,'' he said. Hegde said that there was just one structure present there in 1989 and the marble factory came up only three years ago.A second plot on Malviya road, spread over 40,000 sq ft and reserved as a recreational ground, is still to be cleared. A third plot measuring 50,000 sq ft near the Milan subway flyover, reserved for a bus depot, is also under encroachment. The civic official said the process of acquisition of the plot on Malviya road has been stayed.Hegde said, \"It took me two and a half years and over 20 reminders before the BMC acquired a plot adjoining the Malviya road plot that was encroached upon and the same story is being repeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360820", "title": "Don't call me Mr Hitchcock, says Anthony Hopkins", "text": "Sir Anthony Hopkins has taken a dig at \"miserable grump\" method actors like Daniel Day-Lewis , by asking the film crew not to refer to him by the name of the character he is playing in Alfred Hitchcock's biopic.Day-Lewis, 55, who is known as one of the most world's best-known practitioner of method acting, had insisted throughout the filming of 'Lincoln' that the cast - and even Steven Spielberg , the director of the film - refer to him as \"Mr President,\" the Telegraph reportedHe urged other actors to remain in character and keep their accents in his presence, even after shooting had finished for the day.However the 74-year-old actor made clear last week that he is no fan of such techniques, in comments that are widely seen as a thinly-veiled dig at his compatriot's style of acting.Asked for his thoughts on the 'Lincoln' cast being urged to stay in character at all times, he said bluntly that he had no desire to be addressed as \"Mr Hitchcock\" on set.\"I think that's a lot of cr*p,\" he told the Huffington Post website.\"I just don't understand that. If actors want to do that, fine. If they want to be miserable, that's up to them. I'm not interested. It's a job.\"Who the hell wants to be with some miserable grump because he wants to get his performance right, so you have to call him this or call him that? It's so boring. I've been with actors like that and... they're unpleasant to work with and I don't think they're always that good either,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355289", "title": "No inspiring ambience to make good cinema: Adoor", "text": "PANAJI: Eminent filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan has said the general ambience in the film industry in the country was not conducive for producing good cinema, and this was particularly true in Kerala, which had pioneered several innovations in the film world in the past.\"It is nearly impossible to get financiers for good films in the country, and if someone manages some money by hook or by crook there is hardly any theatre ready to screen such films. Earlier, recognition like national awards used to persuade theatre owners to give some slots for off-beat cinema. Now if a film gets a national award, that becomes a criteria for distributors to shun it,\" said Adoor on the sidelines of the international film festival of India (Iffi-2012).\"Even the private television channels telecast films which confine to the boxoffice formula of depicting as many stunts and dances with obscene postures. Doordarshan used to telecast award winning films in the past. But now, in the regional films slot, they telecast all kinds of films without any giving any preference to good films,\" he said.\"Interestingly, all these sad developments were happening when technological advancements have made filmmaking less costly and accessible to more number of people. The programmers of the multiplexes also insist on screening films which have a commercial appeal. So it is doubtful whether many are able to enjoy the fruits of technological advancements,\" Adoor said.On the reported decision of the organizers of international film festival of Kerala (Iffi) to do away with the 'Open forum' in the ensuing edition of the festival, he said that open forums have become a platform for abusing people in Kerala. \"There is no point in conducting them without insisting on some decorum,\" said Adoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17355112", "title": "The vivah to start all Hindu marriages", "text": "KERI: On Sunday, the tulsi vrindavan, an intricate part of every Hindu home, will hold centrestage.It is tulsi vivah, the day the basil 'bride' is married to her lord, Krishna, represented here by a pole of the dino (Leea indica). It is only after this vivah that the Hindu marriage season starts.Interestingly, in many parts of Goa, this ritualistic marriage will be celebrated right from November 24 to 28. Called Devdiwali, it will be marked by the 'wedding ceremony' as well as the lighting of lamps.The tulsi vrindavan, in fact, has immense importance in the religious and cultural lives of Goan communities across castes and tribes.Though worshipped every day by Hindu women, from Dussehra to Balipratipada (third day of Diwali) tribal Velip women celebrate the eco-feministic festival of Dhillo by performing folkdances and folksongs around the vrindavan.During Paush, the tenth month of the Hindu calendar, the Dhalo festival is similarly celebrated by women of non-brhamanical communities across the state.In Dharbandora, women of the Gawda community in the Okami and Udalashe hamlets similarly perform folkdances and folksongs throughout the five-day Katyo festival that concludes on tulsi vivah.Toliyo Gaonkar, a 60-year-old folklorist from the forested Nunde village in the vicinity of Sanguem's Netravali wildlife sanctuary says, \"The tulsi vrindavan is not just part of our religious identity, it is intricate to our cultural heritage as well. For us this pedestal is a living being with whom we share all our sorrows and joys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17361074", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Karnataka, Orissa share honours on Day 2", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka batsmen struggled against a spirited Orissa bowling attack as they managed to put up a modest 213 to take a paltry 11-run first innings lead on the second Day of their Ranji Trophy match on Sunday.The hosts though had something to celebrate towards the end as they had Orissa struggling at 30 for two in their second innings. The visitors had scored 202 in first innings.Experienced paceman R Vinay Kumar cleaned up Orissa opener Sandeep Mulia (0) and Niranjan Bahera (4) to end the Day on a high for the hosts.Alok Sahoo (16) and G B Podder (8) will resume the Orissa innings tomorrow.Resuming the Day with the overnight score of 16 for loss, Karnataka batsmen were found wanting against the gentle pace of Deepak Behera and Lagnajit Samal, while they had little answers for part-timer Biplab Samantaray's bowling.Behera (3/46) was the highest wicket-taker with three scalps while Samantaray (2/40) and Samal (2/8) took two wickets apiece.Uthappa, who shaped 59 runs partnership for first wicket with K B Pawan, made 43 and was the top scorer while most of the other batsmen failed to cross 30s.Pawan (25) and Uthappa fell to Sahoo and Samantaray respectively, leaving Karnataka 95 for two at lunch. Two quick wickets of in-form batsmen Manish Pandey (8) and Ganesh Satish (19) soon after lunch hurt Karnataka.Behera then picked up Stuart Binny for 12. Samantaray and Samal chipped in with one wicket each reducing the home side to 183 for six at tea.Samal celebrated Amita Verma's wicket cleaning him up for 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17356563", "title": "Nod for reclaiming paddy fields", "text": "KOCHI: Clearing a major hurdle, the state cabinet has given its nod for reclaiming 19 hectares of paddy fields for Kochi Metro yard at Muttom. Revenue department has initiatedsteps to acquire the land.A total of 100 hectares will have to be acquired in Muttom area for the maintenance yard and building a metro village. \"The government gave its approval for reclaiming the paddy field last week. Now, we will initiate steps to acquire the land in the remaining areas,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.The relaxation of Kerala Conservation of Wetland and Paddy Land Act was one of the pre-requisites for taking over the land for the project. \"We will soon begin the joint survey for metro stations with the revenue department and Kochi Metro Rail Limited. We have already completed the survey for nine stations,\" he said. As per the survey, there are slight changes in the location of four$ stations. At Jos Junction, the radius of the station has been increased to 120 degree from the 90 degree which was fixed earlier. One more building will have to be demolished in the area, officials said. The 4 (1) notification, served before land acquisition, has been issued at the proposed area for nine stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17356618", "title": "Skill centre with German expertise to come up in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: To upgrade ITI skills among students with hi-tech modular training, the state government has joined hands with German-based GIZ international services to establish Karnataka German Multi-Skill Development Centre (KGMSDC) in Hubli at a cost Rs 40 crore by the end of March 2013.The centre will have a capacity to train and house 3,000 students offering advance training courses in various fields like automotive mechatronics, electrical and electronics engineering, advanced welding technology training and CNC manufacuring among others.The project is said to have the blessings of chief minister Jagadish Shettar as he wanted KGMSDC to be located in Hubli, his hometown. Pankaj Pandey, director of employment and training, told TOI that students of Dharwad and neighboring districts will benefit by the centre. \"Last year, similar centres were started in Bangalore and Gulbarga. The centre in Hubli will have a huge potential and will fine-tune the skills of students in this part of the state,\" he said.The training module has been designed according to the needs and requirement of the skills of the candidates. There are different courses with three-year, one year, six month and three month duration.The department has also planned to start two more KGMSDC centers in Belgaum and Mangalore by the end of next year. From March, the department has decided to start functioning of the centres temporarily in government buildings till it has its own buildings in three districts.\"To provide more job opportunities to the candidates trained here, agreements with international certification agencies are being signed. The international certification is expected to job realization in Gulf, East Asia and East European countries. Realizing this crucial aspect, Karnataka has set up an action plan for empowering people through improved skills and training and for providing employment opportunities to up to 10 Lakh people in the next 5 years,\" Pandey maintained.The employment and training department also signed an agreement with some of the major industries of the country in automobile, electrical, software and other companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17356020", "title": "International conference on religion underway", "text": "MANGALORE: Rethinking religion is not an easy task, Bishop of Mangalore Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza said on Saturday.Inaugurating the IVth International Conference on 'Rethinking Religion in India' held under the aegis of SDM Law College and Centre for Post Graduate Studies and Research in Law, Research Centre Vergelijkende Cultuurwetenschap of Ghent University, Belgium, Centre for the Study of Local Cultures and PGD of Law, Kuvempu University, Department for the Study of Religions of University of Pardubice, Czech Republic and India Platform UGent of Ghent University Belgium at SDM College here on Saturday, he said religion is the backbone of modern India.\"Most Indians are still deeply religious. Understanding the meaning and mystery of life is the ultimate aim of all religions,\" he added.India witnessed unprecedented economic boost that it evoked envy even in the so-called developed nations. India started exporting not only commodities, but also brains to cater the needs of the West. Economic prosperity made millions in the nation comfortable, but at the same time, the gap between the rich and the poor went on widening. Meanwhile, rampant corruption reported in political and in other spheres, he said.SN Balagangadhara, director of India Platform, Ghent University, Belgium, said Indians try to know India through the framework of Western description.\"Our knowledge on India is a European experience. India is a land of many religions. An attempt needs to be made to understand and interrogate the knowledge about India,\" he added.Embassy of Belgium first secretary Charly Poppe, Bar Council of India member SL Bhoje Gowda and SDM Educational Society vice president S Prabhakar also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355856", "title": "Hyderabad civil court attaches Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: A civil court in Secunderabad has passed an order directing the attachment of the properties of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) following a petition by M/s Photon Infotech Private Ltd, a Chennai-based software company, which sought the recovery of Rs 5 crore due to it from DCHL. The company said it was aggrieved with the non-payment of money despite the expiry of maturity date of the debt instrument for Rs 5 crore issued by DCHL. Since they purchased this instrument through IDFC which painted a rosy picture about DCHL before selling the same to them, Photon has now filed the suit against both DCHL and IDFC.The judge, apart from issuing notice to IDFC, directed the DCHL to furnish security worth Rs 5 crore as a guarantee within 48 hours and in the event of non-compliance of this directive, said an order of attachment would automatically follow. Now that the 48-hour deadline was over, the court, according to legal sources, would now start the process of attachment of the properties mentioned in a separate schedule in the Photon petition.Photon Infotech had earlier moved a separate petition in the AP high court seeking the liquidation of DCHL and settlement of its dues. According to SR Ram Charan, the chief financial officer of Photon who filed the petition on behalf of the firm, they bought a commercial instrument pertaining to DCHL for Rs 5 crore from IDFC which happens to be the first purchaser of the instrument. It was only upon an assurance given by IDFC stating that DCHL was performing well that we bought the commercial paper, Ram Charan said in the petition", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17354914", "title": "Tara: A tale of hope and resolve", "text": "HOWRAH: Dominique Lapierre describes a Howrah slum in his 'City of Joy' as \"a place where there was not even one tree for three thousand inhabitants, without a single flower, a butterfly, or a bird, apart from vultures and crows... a place where children did not even know what a bush, forest or pond was... considered a dangerous neighbourhood with a terrible reputation, the haunt of untouchables, pariahs, social rejects... a world apart, living apart from the world...\"More than a quarter of a century has passed since then and things at Pilkhaka are much the same, save for a glimmer of hope kept alive by two women amidst dismal surroundings. Shyambazar resident Goodliva Lakra (46) came to Pilkhana in 2005 to teach slum children at a school run by Mother Teresa's Sisters of Charity. The congregation not only taught children but also took care of women in the neighbourhood. The centre faced financial crisis thereafter and wound up.\"When the congregation stopped operating here, the slum children were back to where they started from. They went back to their lives on the street and fell prey to its perils,\" said Lakra. Instead of resigning herself to fate, she got in touch with Spaniard Natalia Pallas, who used to work with her at the congregation. Natalia came back to India and helped set up Tara School which gives free education, food and health services to more than 300 children of the slum today.\"We had set up the school on a garbage dump. Both of us went from house to house to locate the children who used to come and study at the congregation. It took us months to find them. Many had either been married off or had died of disease,\" she said. In an area with extremely low literacy rate and tuberculosis patients in almost every household, Pallas and Lakra had to coax the parents to send their children to school. Their next step was selecting locals and training them as teachers for the school. Today, they have 17 teachers.Funds were still scarce and Pallas then set up the 'Amigos de Tara', a charitable trust that helped the school grow. What had originally started with two classrooms and 25 children now has more than 10 classrooms and students between Nursery and Class VII studying there. After this, they get the students admitted to a school from where they can take their board examinations. \"We are not affiliated to any board, but we want to give the children a formal education to ensure that they build a future for themselves,\" said Pallas (34), the president of the school.In 2007, a micro credit programme was also introduced for the women of the slum. \"It is a microfinance programme for self employment projects on the lines of the 'Grameen Bank' of Bangladesh. The interest rate for borrowers is far less than what they would have to pay to banks. The interest generated is ploughed back into the programme to help others,\" said Naresh Namdit, the school micro-credit programme coordinator, who helped Mohammad Yunus for his project in Bangladesh as well.So far, 85 women of the slum have set up small businesses with the help of this programme. \"If a woman borrows Rs 10,000, she has to pay only Rs 1,000 as interest per annum. The model is friendly and has made the women in the area very independent,\" said school principal Rehana Khatoon. The women are also learning to read and write through the school's adult literacy programme. \"After some years, we found that teaching the kids only was not the solution to the problem. Money and adult literacy was necessary,\" said Lakra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356058", "title": "Gujjars hold meeting, want panel report to be made public", "text": "JAIPUR: The quota crisis and controversy surrounding the recent report presented by the state OBC commission has only added to the problems of the Ashok Gehlot government.In an informal meeting at Sawai Madhopur on Saturday, several Gujjar leaders discussed the recent development with regard to the OBC commission's report. The Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti members will hold a formal meeting either at Dausa or Hindaun over the next couple of days to discuss the further course of action. \"We demand that the contents of the report be made public at the earliest and the state government make its stand clear over allotting us quota. If the state government talks about giving us quota beyond the defined limit of 50%, we will revolt,'' said Himmat Singh, spokesperson of the Samiti.Sources within the government said that the state government has little choice but to allot separate quota to the Special Backward Classes, which includes Gujjars, Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities. However, with Gujjars objecting to a separate quota and threatening yet another agitation, the state government is believed to be making efforts to pacify the community.Reports suggest that the state government before making the report public is hoping to win the confidence of the Gujjars, the efforts for which have begun since Thursday night when the report was first handed over to the CM by the commission. \"The government is already sending inputs that the report is in our favour and the decision would also be in our favour. However, it is mum over how exactly we get our 5%?,'' said a Gujjar leader.When asked about Gujjars having previously agreed to separate quota, Himmat Singh said, \"We agreed to the 5% SBC quota as an interim arrangement for the community. The main demand of the community is to be included in ST quota and if the state cannot bifurcate the OBC quota, it might as make attempts to include us in the ST category.''He said that the Gujjars do not want yet another lengthy legal wrangle and hence the community will not agree to a separate quota in any circumstances. Reacting to reports that the state government might try to pacify the community by assuring them to talk to the Centre to include them in the ninth schedule, he said that even that is an old assurance but with no headway. \"We seem to be where we were four years ago and with assurances that the then BJP government gave us. Even the Ashok Gehlot government does not give us the 5% reservation within the defined 50%, the last four years have just been a waste of time,'' he said.Not just are the Gujjars in the attacking mode, unreserved communities like the Brahmins and the Rajputs too have again raised their voices and are demanding the 14% reservation for the economically backward. The Gehlot government, if it crosses the 50% limit, for the SBC will find it difficult to explain to these communities why the limit cannot be further exceeded for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17356439", "title": "Gumla set to counter trafficking", "text": "GUMLA: The district is gearing up to combat human trafficking which has been rampant in the backward regions. It has become a serious issue in Gumla and surrounding districts including Khunti, Simdega and Lohardaga. \"Anti-Human Trafficking Unit (AHTU), which will work as a police station in these districts has been set up,\" said Amish Hussein, police inspector cum in-charge of the district's AHTU.\"We have decided to check trafficking of innocent girls to big cities by middlemen. Such people will be identified and raids will be conducted to nab them,'' he said.An AHTU van has been provided for the district to carry out raids to catch hold of the persons involved in trafficking, Hussein said.\"Over 372 cases of trafficking have been registered with Child Welfare Committee (CWC), Gumla during 2011-12 and 2012-13 by police, parents, NGOs and independent social volunteers,\" said member of Gumla CWC cum social activist Tribhuwan Sharma.As many as 28 girls were rescued by Delhi police and referred to CWC Delhi from where they were sent to CWC Gumla. They were enrolled in Kasturba Gandhi Balika Viddhyalaya (KGBV) here while 25 - 30 girls were handed over to their parents after they were rescued from Delhi between January and November, Sharma added.Five cases of missing girls were reported to CWC within 6 months but the girls could not be rescued owing to lack of information, said CWC chairman Shambhu Singh.Parents are still not aware that their children who are lured to Delhi have to face atrocities by owners of the households where they work as domestic help, said Sharma.DSP Atul Kerketta has urged the police officials to act rapidly to check human trafficking and make the villagers aware of its evils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17357339", "title": "Ind vs Eng: India stare at defeat as England take stranglehold of 2nd Test", "text": "NEW DELHI: India were staring at an embarrassing defeat in the second cricket Test against a spirited England who rode on Kevin Pietersen and Alastair Cook's brilliant centuries to gain a vital 86-run lead before the spinners tightened the noose around the hosts on Sunday.Scorecard | Match In PicsPietersen (186) and Cook (122) notched up their 22nd Test centuries in a masterly exhibition of batsmanship on a turning track as England folded up for 413 just at the stroke of tea before reducing the hosts to a precarious 117 for seven at close on the third day.After conceding a 86-run lead, India's top order batsmen surrendered rather tamely to the English spinners who exploited the conditions far better than their Indian counterparts who inexplicably lacked the sting.Gautam Gambhir (53) and Harbhajan Singh (1) were at the crease with India just 31 runs ahead on a day which saw as many as 15 wickets fall on a Wankhede pitch giving ample assistance to the spinners. Virender Sehwag (9), Cheteshwar Pujara (6), Sachin Tendulkar (8), Virat Kohli (7), Yuvraj Singh (8) captain M S Dhoni (6) and R Ashwin (11) were back in the pavilion much to the disappointment of a huge Sunday crowd.Monty Panesar, who claimed five wickets in the first innings, was the chief destroyer with another five-for as India's famed batsmen fell prey to the left-arm spinner who extracted a lot of spin and bounce.The day clearly belonged to Pietersen and Cook who tilted the balance in England's favour with a record 206-run partnership for the third wicket, eclipsing the previous record of 144 between Mike Gatting and Allan Lamb in 1984-85.Cook, who struck his second successive century, anchored the innings while Pietersen was the more aggressive partner as the pair frustrated the Indian spinners. Pietersen never allowed the spinners to settle down as he kept the score moving with a flurry of shots.But the England innings collapsed after the dismissal of Pietersen, with the last six wickets falling for just 56 runs. Pragyan Ojha was the pick of the Indian bowlers with five for 143 while Harbhajan Singh and Ashwin chipped in with two wickets apiece.India sliced through the England innings after Cook was dismissed. With their efforts, both Cook and Pietersen joined Walter Hammond, Colin Cowdrey and Geoff Boycott who hold the record for the maximum Test tons for England.The duo's double century-stand assumed more significance after the last eight English wickets fell for 139 runs.Ojha had figures of five for 143, his second fifer in as many Tests.England lost their last four wickets in a heap, for the addition of just seven runs, once wicketkeeper Matt Prior was run out at 406.The tourists, who resumed on 178 for two overnight, were dismissed eight minutes before tea. The England skipper departed when he edged Ashwin to Dhoni who later caught Pietersen off Ojha in the second hour after lunch.Cook's departure before lunch triggered a collapse in which seven wickets fell in quick succession.Once the Cook-Pietersen partnership was broken, Ojha got into his wicket taking act with a spell of three for 52 on either side of lunch during which he sent back Jonny Bairstow (9), Samit Patel (26) and Pietersen, who struck 21 fours and four sixes in his 233-ball knock in 317 minutes.Ojha had accounted for Nick Compton and Jonathan Trott yesterday. But Pietersen was especially harsh on Ojha who foxed him twice at Ahmedabad.Ashwin captured the wicket of Cook while Harbhajan Singh, the third spinner in the team, struck late in the session to send back Stuart Broad caught brilliantly at silly point by a diving Pujara, and then trapped James Anderson in front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355250", "title": "Karbala battle retold in local 'Chhand' flavour", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Gujarati 'Chhand' poetry has become synonymous with praise of local rulers and their bravery in battle, it also depicts the battle of Karbala and Imam Hussain's sacrifice. Such compositions are sung in half a dozen villages of Banaskantha district in North Gujarat, but the tradition is wilting away now.The compositions sung here are mostly in form of 'marasia' that are lamentations of the death of the prophet's grandson and the hardships his clan faced in the battle of Karbala in the 61st year of the Islamic calendar. None of the compositions is in Gujarati language.The Mir community in North Gujarat has traditionally recited Gujarati compositions on Muharram. These poems are composed in 'Ranki Chhand', which is mainly used by poets in Saurashtra and Rajasthan. Chhand is used for descriptions of bravery and sacrifice (veer ras and shahidi) and practiced in folk literature.Incidents of the Karbala battle are portrayed in Ranki Chhand, which has a practice of repetition of words which results in intensified projection.Mir Mohammed in Malan village of Palanpur was famous for his rendering of the Karbala battle in Ranki Chhand.\"Nowadays, Mir Nurubhai Dosabhai of Dhanadha village is an exponent of this form. There are few composers and singers left now,\" says Julfiqar Tunvar who compiles compositions in Ranki Chhand which propagate the story one of the most important incidents in the history of Islam.\"Har har har nar heth avar nar upar poth poth par loth pade.Dhak dhak dhak dhom, arak chak opat lakh makh samakh Hussain lade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354621", "title": "Alert sounded for 4th anniversary of 26/11", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police are gearing up for the fourth anniversary of the Mumbai terror attacks following the hanging of Pakistani national Ajmal Kasab.Sources said the Centre had put Mumbai and Delhi \"on high alert\" following threats that the killing may be avenged by extremist groups. Policemen have been deployed at tourist spots and around the sea.According to sources, the Navy and Coast Guard have also been put on alert. The port zone police stations have been asked to carry out night vigils in co-ordination in Colaba and Cuffe Parade. In 2008, ten Pakistani terrorists had sneaked into Mumbai at Badhwar Park in Colaba.\"We are always alert but on the eve of the fourth anniversary we have enhanced security around the city,\" joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sadanand Date said. \"It would not be proper to discuss the strength of personnel put up in the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17361232", "title": "Narain outqualifies teammate for final race of season in Brazil", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their future in Formula One might be uncertain but HRT are not prepared to bow out without a final appearance. In the final race of the season in Brazil, India's Narain Karthikeyan managed to out-qualify his teammate Pedro De La Rosa to secure the 23rd spot on the grid.Karthikeyan clocked his best time of 1min 19:576 just 0.123 seconds faster than De La Rosa in the qualifying session on Saturday at the Interlagos track in Sau Paulo. The third free practice and qualifying sessions got underway with over 15oC lower temperatures than Friday, which helped reducing the tyre degradation.The overnight set-up changes paid off and the HRT Formula 1 Team also managed to improve traction on their cars' during FP3. The first raindrops hit the track between sessions but it stopped before the start of Q1 and the team decided to go for a dry strategy despite the track was still damp. It dried out lap after lap and Karthikeyan and De la Rosa, despite being hit by another car on his flying lap, also improved their lap times throughout the session to finish 23rd and 24th respectively.\"This morning we did a good job with the car and the fact that the track temperature was lower than yesterday also helped in reducing the tyre degradation. But before qualifying it started raining and we were not sure whether to go out on intermediate tyres or slicks,\" Karthikeyan said on Saturday.\"Even though the track was still damp, we finally decided to go out on the slicks and, although it was difficult at the beginning, it was the right thing to do. We struggled to generate enough tyre temperature but I am quite satisfied of how it went overall. For tomorrow, I would prefer the race to be a wet one but whatever the conditions will be, we'll try our best as we have always done,\" the Chennai driver added.The HRT remained confident ahead of the 71-laps race on Sunday after having set competitive times, improving the overall grip and the data showing lower tyre degradation from Friday. The weather forecast predicts rain for Sunday's race but conditions change pretty easily and the team will be ready for whatever conditions they will have to face to get both cars across the finish line and end the season in the best possible way.\"The track was damp when we went out but we decided to go for the dry strategy because the dry line would come up pretty quickly. The first laps were a bit tricky but it improved a lot towards the end. However, I'm not happy with how qualifying ended,\" De La Rosa said.\"Our car was competitive and we certainly could have done better but I was on a flying lap when I was hit by another car. It was a dangerous manoeuvre because I couldn't move aside given the track conditions. As a consequence of the impact, the rear suspension bent and also punctured the rear tyre. I went back in for a new set of mediums and fortunately managed to put in one more lap improving my time. I really hope the car is not badly damaged because the race is tomorrow and I want to be able to do my best here in order to finish the season on a good note,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355568", "title": "Help of experts important for investigation: DG&amp; IG", "text": "BANGALORE: The help of forensic experts comes in handy for police for better investigation and for establishing the culpability of the accused, said Lalrokhuma Pachuau, Director General and Inspector General of police (DG &amp; IG) of Karnataka.\"Help of experts is very important.It will enable us to know the exact cause of death in a suspicious death case..It becomes handy for us to investigate and also establish the culpability of the accused. Thus, it helps us in discharging our professional duties\" he said. He was inaugurating the 20th annual conference of Karnataka Medico Legal Society in Bangalore on Saturday.Embarrassing momentsRecounting the unfortunate death of a Manipuri engineering student (Richard Loitam )in April this year, the DG &amp; IG said that the Karnataka delegation had to encounter some embarrassing moments in Imphal as relatives of the deceased barged into the Chief Minister's house there complaining that the Karnataka police did not investigate it properly.\"It became a national issue. To know the exact cause of death, the matter was then referred to AIIMS\" Pachuau recalled. Pachuau, who was DG&amp; IG of Mizoram state for four and half years, said that the only qualified forensic doctor present there was busy.The DG&amp; IG expressed satisfaction that doctors now treat an accident victim unlike earlier, thanks to the apex court verdict calling for saving the human life first. \"There was hesitation earlier. Unless police was there or the injured was accompanied by police, the doctors used to refrain from treating such victims\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17360361", "title": "Ancient yogic practise used as stress-buster", "text": "DEHRADUN: The age-old yogic meditation Yog Nidra is top on the advice list of yoga teachers and psychologists for physical, mental and emotional well-being of individuals leading a stressful life, says a new study.\"Yog Nidra has emerged as the best-known technique all over the world to induce complete physical, mental and emotional relaxation,\" says the study carried out by Haridwar- based Dev Sanskriti University.It says yoga teachers and psychologists in India and abroad are prescribing the ancient practice as the best method of physical, mental and emotional healing in today's fast-paced and stressful lifestyle. It is practised in the flat lying position of 'Shavasana' and follows the spoken instruction of Yoga instructor. The practice includes resolve, body part awareness, breath awareness and visualisation.The results of the study, conducted by well-known author in the area of yogic science Kamakhya Kumar, show that Yog Nidra positively decreases stress levels in both males and females. Yoga Nidra can be defined as a self-induced state of altered consciousness, which is neither total sleep nor total wakefulness, says the research. \"It is a state of awakened sleep, a state of conscious sleep induced by oneself through complete relaxation of the mind in which it can record what is going on not just on the conscious level but also on the sub-conscious,\" it says.Quoting from related studies carried out in the field by the University of Tel Aviv (Israel), the study says the yogic practise significantly lowered levels of serum cholesterol in cardiac patients in that country. Even otherwise, the value of the practice of yogic relaxation in prevention of cardiovascular disease has been fairly well recognised and accepted, Pro-vice Chancellor of Dev Sanskriti University Chinmay Pandya told PTI.Gayatri Chetna Kendras set up in Russia, US, South Africa and Australia by Vedmata Gayatri Trust headquartered in Haridwar, are teaching hundreds of people to practise Yog Nidra with great results, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "most of us carry around a few regrets and spend more than two hours a week dwelling on them, researchers say. a study has found that we typically have six things we would love to change, with the most common cause of remorse being not having travelled enough. more than half of those surveyed admitted that they wishing they had made a different life choice at some point like having a different career, living somewhere else or marrying someone different. a fifth of women regretted wasting time with the wrong partner as compared to 10 per cent of men. but a quarter of the 2,000 participants said they did not believe it was possible to live a life without regrets, perhaps explaining why, on average, we spend 19 minutes per day - or more than two hours a week - thinking about things we could have done differently. more than a third of them blamed lack of cash for preventing them from fulfilling our dreams, while 25 per cent think loved ones held them back. but 32 percent admitted that the blame lay with their own lack of courage, according to the research by the british heart foundation. \"there seems to be a certain air of resignation amongst us that living out our dreams may simply not be possible for a variety of reasons,\" news quoted dr gayle brewer, senior lecturer at the university of central lancashire school of psychology, as saying. the top 10 regrets were", "code": "17359260", "title": "Not travelling enough top 'regret of our lives'", "text": "Most of us carry around a few regrets and spend more than two hours a week dwelling on them, researchers say. A study has found that we typically have six things we would love to change, with the most common cause of remorse being not having travelled enough. More than half of those surveyed admitted that they wishing they had made a different life choice at some point like having a different career, living somewhere else or marrying someone different. A fifth of women regretted wasting time with the wrong partner as compared to 10 per cent of men. But a quarter of the 2,000 participants said they did not believe it was possible to live a life without regrets, perhaps explaining why, on average, we spend 19 minutes per day - or more than two hours a week - thinking about things we could have done differently. More than a third of them blamed lack of cash for preventing them from fulfilling our dreams, while 25 per cent think loved ones held them back. But 32 percent admitted that the blame lay with their own lack of courage, according to the research by the British Heart Foundation. \"There seems to be a certain air of resignation amongst us that living out our dreams may simply not be possible for a variety of reasons,\" News quoted Dr Gayle Brewer, senior lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire School of Psychology, as saying. The top 10 regrets were: Not travelling more Losing touch with pals Not exercising enough Not saving more money Taking up smoking Being lazy at school Choice of career Wasting years with the wrong partner Eating unhealthily Not asking more about our grandparents' lives before they died", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354385", "title": "Sukhdev Singh Namdhari will be taken to Uttarakhand for hidden arms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) of crime branch will be taking important suspect, Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, to Uttarakhand by Sunday in a bid to recover the arms used in the firing at Chadha farmhouses. A special team, led by the joint commissioner (crime) S BK Singh, inspected 42 Chattarpur Mandi villages - the farmhouse where the shooting took place.\"We have got names of a motley group of people - including PSOs of influential political leaders cutting across four states, private guards employed at Wave City Centre and staffers who worked for Ponty - from Namdhari and his associates and we are probing their role in the farmhouse shootout. Ponty's PSO, Bhupender Singh Bhist, has been instrumental in revealing the role of Namdhari as the henchman for Ponty,'' said a cop. According to police, initial ballistic reports have not supported the claim of Namdhari that he was shot at. Cops will now have to ascertain if Namdhari had shot at Hardeep right after he (Hardeep) had fired the first shot at Ponty, or after Hardep had emptied his magazine on him.The several phones left behind by Ponty's men will form the basis of crime branch investigations, said a source. Meanwhile, sources in the south district police claimed that Namdhari had come to Ghaziabad two days prior to the incident in his Fortuner car. Just a day before the incident, Namdhari had allegedly visited Ponty at his farmhouse. Hardeep got to know of this and he had allegedly raised an objection. After the twin murders, Namdhari had allegedly passed on his .30 bore weapon to his driver and asked him to hand it over to his associate and he had then registered an FIR. Police have not clarified so far whether the same weapon has been sent to the FSL for forensic analysis. Namdhari reportedly waited at Anand Vihar for a brief period after the police allowed him to go after the incident but went back to Uttarakhand soon after.Earlier, the decision to hand over the probe in the high-profile Chadha murders from the south district police to the crime branch might raise eyebrows, especially at a time when Namdhari had been nabbed and is to be questioned. However, both units claim they have enough angles to investigate. All through the day, commissioner Neeraj Kumar remained unavailable to comment on the late Friday night decision, even though the official reason was communicated for the switchover. \"We wanted the crime branch to probe as this case involves PSOs of several state police forces and investigations will be fanned across the four states - Delhi, UP, Uttarakhand and Punjab. We needed a dedicated unit for this purpose,'' said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17355469", "title": "Bengal's finance minister takes a dig at Congress over investments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The West Bengal government, which has recently got bad press following ABG's pull-out from the Haldia port over militant trade unionism, on Saturday claimed that industry is flocking to the state, thanks to \"honesty and the transparency\" in governance and an infusion of \"new energy\" since the Trinamool Congress came to power.The state government stressed on transparency in Bengal as opposed to rampant corruption elsewhere, in a veiled attack on the Centre and Congress-ruled states.Reeling under a massive debt burden of Rs 2 lakh crore, state finance minister Amit Mitra on Saturday suggested the Centre could consider a term loan of 20 years, debt restructuring and a three-year moratorium on interest payment to help Bengal tide over its growing financial crisis. \"I assume that the new finance minister is busy with his own issues. We are not going to beg anybody,\" he said.Speaking at the India International Trade Fair (IITF) here, Mitra said that the state's revenue collection had gone up by 35% and the UPA government could \"at least consider a term loan of 20 years\". He suggested that debt restructuring and a moratorium period of at least three years on interest payment could also be considered by the Centre. The state government has targeted to collect about Rs 31,000 crore in revenues in the current fiscal without raising tax rates, he added.The 13th finance commission has identified Bengal along with Kerala and Punjab as the debt-ridden states. \"West Bengal's debt and GDP ratio is almost double of the other two states. So, the Centre should at least consider West Bengal (for debt restructuring),\" Mitra said.Maintaining that tourism and ports were the main sectors where the state was seeking investments, the minister said the tourism department had identified 207 acres for destination development, and also identified land for a proposed Giant Wheel in Kolkata on the lines of the London Eye.About the investment atmosphere in the state, he said, \"There is a major change that is taking place. If the state government's initiatives are implemented, there will be structural changes.\"\"A number of corporate houses were keen on investing in Bengal as they see \"new energy\" in the state. They feel Kolkata has a good potential, good human capital and a government which has no (ideological) baggage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399933", "title": "Microsoft scouts for talent in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: The technical screening test for software engineering students was held at the Government Engineering College, here on Saturday. The screening test was conducted online by the Microsoft on the college campus.It is the first time that Microsoft has approached Aurangabad for campus recruitment.Nitin Bhasme, placement officer at Government Engineering College, said, \"Eleven students were shortlisted from the state of whom only five appeared for the test.\"Bhasme said that four students from the college and one from Pune, who are final year students of computer engineering, information technology courses appeared for the test. The students who clear the tests will appear for the interview in Hyderabad on Tuesday.The selection criteria set by Microsoft was to have students who have scored minimum 70 per cent marks in academics and also a test to check the ability.\"The company has announced a package of Rs 16 lakh to each selected student. This is the highest package offered for the city,\" Bhasme said. Last year, the highest package of Rs 10.5 lakh was offered during the campus placements by Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL).Bhasme said that companies like General Electric , Videocon and BPCL are expected to visit for campus placements in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356198", "title": "Prem Chopra feted in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hindi film actors Sharman Joshi, Prem Chopra and Atul Tewari shared the stage at an awards function organised by Sahil Foundation at Paryatan Bhawan on Saturday. Accompanying them on stage was Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta N K Mehrota and Mayor Dinesh Sharma.Sharman Joshi was the chief guest while Prem Chopra was conferred with 'Lifetime achievement award'. S K Verma commissioner at Moradabad was felicitated with 'Evergreen award.'Other dignitaries felicitated at the award function were Justice Pradeep Kant, Pankaj Kumar, district magistrate of Sitapur; retired IAS Rama Shankar, senior IPS Prabhat Sharma, Rajesh Pandey, additional superintendent police, Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS), Shailendra Pratap Singh, IG, Moradabad. Journalists Qurban Ali, Sharad Bajpai and Manish Agnihotri were also conferred with awards at the event.Secretary, Sahil Foundation, Syed Islam Uddin said, \"Every year, we felicitate people who have contributed tp the society. An award is an encouragement for them and others.\" tnn Sahil Foundation provides professional studies to students from weaker section of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17359554", "title": "Dakshina Kannada records maximum rainfall, highest maximum temperature", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 36.4 degrees celsius on November 24 at 2.30pm. Mudigere hobli in Mudigere taluk of Chikmagalur district recorded lowest minimum temperature of 16.2 degrees celsius at 6.15am on November 25.Dharmasthala gram panchayat in Belthangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 42.50mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since 2% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.Rainfall was scattered in one district; isolated in five; and negligible in 24 districts. North-East monsoon was normal in four districts and weak in 26 districts. Heavy rain was reported in one district, moderate rain in three; light rain in three, very light rain in 13; and no rain in 10 districts.Scattered, rather heavy rain was received in Dakshina Kannada; isolated, light to moderate rain in Kodagu, Udupi, Koppal, Bidar and Kolar. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 25 recorded deficit rainfall of 19%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 176mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 142.9mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 25, four geographical regions received 0.3mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.7mm, a deficit of 57%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17356463", "title": "One killed as 3-wheeler hits truck in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: One person was killed on the spot and four others were injured when a three-wheeler hit a stationery truck near the Barkatha police station on GT Road (NH-2) on Friday night.Police said the deceased had been identified as Sheocharan Prasad of Raghopur village in Bakhtiarpur of Bihar. Prasad along with four others was proceeding to their village. The body was brought to Hazaribag Sadar Hospital for postmortem and the injured were admitted to the hospital.Police suspect that the accident took place because of rash driving of the three-wheeler's driver who is absconding.In another incident, four persons, including three children, suffered severe burn injuries because of sudden fire caused by the leakage in LPG cylinder at Rajkumar Yadav's house on Saturday. Yadav is the mukhiya of the Dhotwa panchayat in Katkumsandi. The injured were admitted to the Hazaribag hospital where condition of one Basudeo Yadav was stated to be critical.According to Yadav, the gas stove was lit for preparing breakfast in the morning. But fire broke out because of leakage in the cylinder and before it could be controlled, the children caught fire and Yadav and his brother who went to rescue the children was severely injured. An FIR has been lodged with the Katkumsandi police station against the dealer who supplied the cylinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400887", "title": "3-yr medical course: Jogi set the ball rolling", "text": "Raipur: Chhattisgarh's first chief minister Ajit Jogi had got more brickbats than bouquets from all quarters\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfrom the opposition BJP, associations of medical professionals and others\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhen his government took a policy decision to introduce a three-year medical course immediately after the new state was carved out of Madhya Pradesh. Now, the Jogi government stands vindicated with the Centre announcing to start a three-year medical course from next year to meet the shortage of doctors in the rural areas.Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the new medical course would create mid-level health professionals. Students who have studied physics, chemistry and biology in the high secondary (10+2) level will be eligible to apply. After formation of the state in November 2000, the then Jogi government began discussions to introduce a three-year course, anticipating opposition from the Medical Council of India (MCI), the council regulating medical education. The state government also contacted the MCI, which formally rejected the course even without going into discussion of objectives or course content, officials who were associated with the then chief minister told TOI.Subsequently, the state government brought a \"Chhattisgarh Medical Board Bill 2001\" in the Vidhan Sabha in April 2001 to introduce the course and set up the Chhattisgarh Chkitsa Mandal. Then the course was caught in legal wrangles even in the name and content of the course with the Indian Medical Association (IMA) and its private doctor members opposing the course branding it as dilution of the standards of medical profession. But, the then Jogi government stuck to its decision saying that it was done as doctors were not ready to serve in the rural areas.As the IMA moved the court against the course, the state government had to do a summersault on the course name even before it was started. Within three months after passing the Bill, its name was changed to \"practitioner in modern medicine and surgery\". Later it was changed again to 'Diploma in alternative medicine\". In 2003, the course name was again changed to \"Diploma in holistic medicine and para medical course\" but the students went on strike opposing the word \"para-medical\" as they felt that it diluted their status. Subsequently, the name was revised again as \"diploma in modern and holistic medicine\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall this happened when the students were initially given an impression that they were taking admission that they would graduate as a three year trained medical professional and can use the \"Dr\" pre-fix.The Raman Singh government, which came to power in December 2003, opted to thoroughly review the Jogi government decision on three-year course as the BJP, while in opposition, has been opposing Jogi's policy on health education. BJP government's dilemma over the course continued for long and in July 2004, the state government decided to wind up the course which by then, had become controversial across the country.However, 2,200 students who had already enrolled for the course would be allowed to complete it, he said adding that these colleges, run by the private sector, would be closed after completion of the course.Meanwhile, official sources told TOI that now it was for the state government to take a call whether to introduce the course again as the Centre had made it clear than it could be introduced in the states willing to adopt it from 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354869", "title": "India aims to ramp up military ties with Myanmar", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is aiming to ramp up its military ties with Myanmar, after PM Manmohan Singh set the stage for greater bilateral economic cooperation during his visit to Naypyitaw last May, as part of the overall policy to stem Chinese strategic inroads into the energy-rich south-east Asian country.Defence ministry sources said Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne, in his capacity as the country's senior-most military officer and chairman of the chiefs of staff committee, will be leading a five-member delegation to Myanmar next week.Defence minister A K Antony will be heading for Naypyitaw early next year to further firm up defence ties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from training and intelligence coordination to \"capacity building'' and supply of military equipment to Myanmar.\"The IAF chief-led delegation will be in Myanmar from November 26 to 29, but the dates for the ministerial visit are yet to be finalized,'' said a source. ACM Browne will be calling on the top Myanmarese leadership, apart from holding talks with the military commander-in-chief General Min Aung Hlaing and visiting military establishments.The top Indian defence visits to Myanmar come soon after Barack Obama earlier this month became the first US President to visit Myanmar, which is slowly undergoing some politico-democratic reforms after half-a-century of being a secretive authoritarian state.It also comes in the backdrop of Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi , released from house arrest by the military junta in 2010, recently expressing `sadness'' at the way the Indian establishment cosied up to the Myanmarese military government over the last decade instead of whole-heartedly supporting the pro-democracy movement in her country.It was in the late-1990s that India undertook a hard-nosed strategic U-turn in its policy towards Myanmar, after several years of supporting Suu Kyi's democratic movement, when it found China had assiduously forged deep links with Naypyitaw by filling in the vacuum.Moreover, India also wanted the junta's cooperation in flushing out Indian insurgent groups operating from Myanmarese soil as well as to bolster its eastern region's connectivity to the outside world.Since then, India has transferred military equipment like Islander maritime patrol aircraft as well as 105mm light artillery guns, naval gun-boats, mortars, grenade-launchers and rifles to Myanmar, the only ASEAN country with which it shares land and maritime borders.During the PM's trip to Myanmar in May \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first such visit in 25 years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the two countries inked a dozen MoUs, from an air services agreement and border area development pact to a joint trade and investment forum and extension of a $500-million line of credit to Naypyitaw.As shown by the recent Obama visit to the country, western nations too have also come around to the Indian view of the need to engage with the Myanmarese military leadership in order to, among other things, push for democratic reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354522", "title": "Panvel father held, doctorss declare him fit after suicide attempt", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kasara police arrested Nitin Shah (45), accused of killing his children, late on Saturday after doctors at JJ hospital declared him fit.Nitin was at JJ hospital under police surveillance for three days. The police were worried that Nitin, who attempted suicide after killing his children, may make a similar attempt in the hospital.Nitin had been depressed for some time over his wife Sonam's \"mental illness\" and last weekend, while at home due to the shut-down after Bal Thackeray's death, his despair worsened.On Monday morning, after informing his wife that he was going to his father's home, he took his children Janhavi (12) and Parag (10) to Igatpuri by bus. On the way back in the evening, Nitin got them to disembark at Kasara ghat and walk into the forests.It was there, cops said, that Nitin told his children of his desire to kill them as his mother's \"illness\" had taken a toll on him. However, unable to kill the two as they looked on, he first put them to sleep and early on Tuesday, while Janhavi and Parag were still asleep, he strangulated them. Nitin tried to end his own life with the same cloth, but did not go through with the plan. After wandering in Mumbai trains for two days, he returned to Kasara ghat early on Thursday and slit his wrists. He was discovered by cops who took him to JJ Hospital.A cop part of the team said that Nitin would be produced in the holiday court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354835", "title": "Bank told to pay 42 thousand to man whose account was hacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Protecting the rights of those who use internet banking, a state commission upheld a district forum order and directed a bank to compensate a Navi Mumbai doctor Rs 42,000 after his account was hacked and the money withdrawn.The commission took into consideration the RBI guidelines which state that it is the bank's liability to the customers on account of unauthorized transfer through hacking, denial of service on account of technological failure, etc needs to be assessed and banks providing internet banking should insure themselves against such risk. \"The appellant (bank) has not explained whether they have acted in accordance with these guidelines. The deficiency in service on the part of the appellant is proved beyond doubts,\" the commission said.Dr Nandkishor Shingne had an account in the bank since 2005. According to Shingne, he occasionally used the internet banking facility and the last transaction he made was on November 7, 2009. In June 2010, the bank manager informed him that somebody had used his internet ID and password to withdraw money. Shingne checked the transaction details and found that there were four entries in his account and an amount of Rs 37,500 had been withdrawn. The transaction had taken place on June 17, 2010 between 12.20am and 1.30am. The manager further told him that the money was transferred to the account of one person from the bank's Gurgaon branch and subsequently, transferred to the Mira Road Branch in the account of two other people. This amount was later withdrawn from an ATM at Vashi.Shingne was assured he would get back the amount. However, despite writing two letters to the bank, he got no response. Finally, the bank told him that he would not get back his money as it was not their fault that the money was withdrawn. Shingne contended that the internet banking system used by the bank was not full proof and filed a complaint in the district forum in 2010. Shingne argued the case himself.The bank said that they were using internet banking as per the international standards and all security measures for the system were in place. The bank also argued that the responsibility of keeping the ID and password secret was the complainant's responsibility.In 2011, the district forum came to the conclusion that there was deficiency in service on the part of the bank and directed the bank to pay Rs 35,500 along with Rs 5,000 to Shingne. The bank then filed an appeal in the state commission.The commission observed that the bank had not taken any steps to trace the culprits. \"The opponent could have traced the person who had withdrawn the amount as the money was credited in the account of the account holder of the Gurgaon branch and Mira Road branch of the opponent,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17355236", "title": "Russian held at Anjuna for overstaying", "text": "MAPUSA: A Russian national was arrested on Saturday for staying beyond the period of his visa, police said. Alexsander Zelenkin, 27, was picked up at the flea market at Dando in Anjuna by the police during patrolling.He was staying without a passport and a valid visa, police said. Sources told TOI that Zelenkin was mentally disturbed and was on medication, and had told the police that his passport was in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17356081", "title": "Man gets death for killing wife, 2 kids", "text": "HUBLI: A man convicted for murdering his family was sentenced to death by the second fast track court on Saturday. Fast track court magistrate R G Joshi sentenced Sanjay Chikkorade, 43, a security guard and resident of Nalband Galli in Gardenpeth, in Hubli to death. This is the first time that a fast track court in Hubli has awarded a death sentence.Sanjay strangled his wife, Vidya, 30, to death, and smothered his five-year-old son Tushar, 5, and two-and -half-year old daughter, Khushi, with a blanket at hi residence on the midnight of November 13, 2011.He was arrested next by Ghantikeri police, S B Tumabagi, city special branch and investigation officer of the case, told TOI.J L Pawar, public prosecutor told reporters that, besides the death sentence, the court has imposed a penalty of Rs 5,000.Sanjay was a security guard in a private company and was an alcoholic. \"We will challenge the order in the high court,\" S M Patil, standing counsel, for the accused said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354877", "title": "Brawl over eve-teasing leads to murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A youth lost his life in a brawl between two groups that took place over an eve-teasing incident at Mhada Colony, Nari Road, in Jaripatka on Wednesday night. Twenty-five-year-old Santosh Tatewar succumbed to his head injuries during treatment at a private hospital on Friday morning.Jaripatka police had earlier registered a case of voluntarily causing hurt, threatening and other offences but later turned into a murder case. By Friday evening, four accused including three minors were arrested.Second senior PI Umesh Besarkar said that the tussle took place after two youths of one group commented on the girl, with whom a youth of the other group was talking.He said that complainant Praveen Bagde (18), a student, was talking to the girl when two youths, both minors, commented on the girl. Enraged over the comments, Bagde thrashed the boys. Later, Bagde dropped the girl home and called his friends. Meanwhile, the injured minors too informed their group members that included a petty criminal Ayub Pathan.After a heated argument, both the groups had a major brawl in which Tatewar suffered serious head injuries. Police said that Pathan and his group hit the boys with rods and pipes. On being informed by residents, police reached the spot but by that time, the assailants had fled the spot. Tatewar was rushed to hospital by Bagde and two other friends, who were also injured. Tatewar was later rushed to a private hospital at Khamla.Police said that since Tatewar was unfit to give the statement, they had no idea about his critical condition and hence didn't register a case of attempt to murder. A case was registered on Bagde's complaint.Besarkar said that he had gone to take Tatewar's statement at around 11.30am, but the doctors declared him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356662", "title": "Students make annual day jubilant", "text": "LUDHIANA: Honoring the best academicians of the session, Mata Mohan Dai School, Vjay Inder Nagar, organized a vibrant annual day function, on Saturday. The school premises bustled with colour as the students performed on various folk and upbeat pop numbers in front of a large gathering.School president Aruna Oswal inaugurated the evening by lighting the lamp along with chief guest Heera Lal Jain and district education officer Paramjeet Kaur and school principal Sarabjit Kaur Chabra.The students then opened the cultural show with a prayer dance and \"gurbani\" recital, which were followed by electric bhangra and giddha performances. The students of classes IV and V stole the limelight with their performance that brought forth the issue of female infanticide.About 70 students were honoured for their academic performance by the chief guest and the school president.Chabra read out the school's annual report and achievements of the students in various fields. A science and craft exhibition with more than 100 working models made by students on display was the centre of attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354036", "title": "Illegal structures crowd unauthorized Lalita Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after East Delhi Municipal Corporation partially demolished a building in Lalita Park, its residents were allowed to collect their belongings on Saturday. By Monday, the structure will be razed.Each floor of the two-side open, four-storey house has a different owner and three floors were rented out. \"We have demolished one floor of the 35sq-yard building but the owners of the second and third floors didn't let us complete it. As it is mandatory to give 48 hours to residents to vacate a building, we will demolish it on Monday,\" said a senior official. The building has tilted by almost 2 inches, he added.\"The corporation came with the machines on Friday and started demolishing the structure without prior intimation. They didn't give us time to pack stuff and we were asked to vacate the place immediately. The officials stopped at the third floor after we called our landlords. We will stay with a relative for the time being but don't know where to go,\" said Bhishm Kumar, the tenant on the second floor.Two years ago, 70 people died in a building collapse in the same area, prompting the corporation to act fast this time. It received the complaint on Thursday and took action the next day. But otherwise, TOI found during a recce of the area on Saturday, the civic agencies don't seem to be doing much.After the 2010 collapse, the erstwhile MCD and National Institute of Disaster Management carried out a large-scale survey in the trans-Yamuna area to identify structurally weak buildings. Though the corporation has taken action against 94 properties since then, rampant illegal construction has not only added to the congestion but also made old structures more vulnerable. The walls of many houses have developed deep cracks and their foundations have become weak.Taking advantage of Lalita Park being an unauthorized colony, relaxed building bylaws and poor monitoring by the corporation and the sub-divisional magistrate, the builder mafia are carrying out large-scale illegal constructions. In almost every second lane, some construction work is on and every third shop is a property dealer/builder's office.\"The list of dangerous buildings in the area was to be prepared but no action has been taken so far. We are soon going to serve notices to the owners of dangerous buildings. If they don't demolish the structures, we will do so,\" said B B Tyagi, leader of the House and the local councillor.Officials claim political pressure is preventing them from taking action. \"The political pressure is immense. Moreover, there are only 12 junior engineers for 64 wards,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17354603", "title": "Panvel murders: 1 more held, cops recover 12 lakh", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The police on Saturday nabbed a suspect in the sensational Panvel farmhouse murders taking the total number of arrests to two.The New Panvel police recovered Rs 12.5 lakh from the first accused, Chandrakant Waghmare (28).The second accused, Ramdas Govind Patil (34), is a resident of Shivkar in Panvel. He reportedly supplied the country-made firearm to Waghmare who allegedly killed the four real estate agents at the farmhouse on November 13.\"The seized cash (Rs 12.5 lakh) was recovered from Alibaug and Waghmare's house in Mohopada, near Rasayani in Raigad district,\" said Sunil Bajare, senior inspector of New Panvel police.According to the police, the murders were pre-planned Waghmare, who lured the four victims\u00e2\u20ac\u201dRamdas Patil, Nitin Joshi, Pritam Gharat and Balaram Topale\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto the farmhouse. Patil is reportedly the farmhouse owner's nephew.\"Waghmare had promised the four that he would perform a special Laxmi Puja on the 'amavasya' (new moon) night of Diwali, which will make them rich,\" said a senior police officer.\"Waghmare had asked them to bring a lot of money to the farmhouse for the ritual,\" he added.However, he shot dead three of them and fatally smashed Patil's head, after they drank alcohol. Waghmare then fled with their cash on his Pulsar bike, which has now been seized by the police.On Saturday, Waghmare's wife, Anita, and his seven-year-old son meet him in the lock-up. \"We don't know anything about the crime, but my son is unable to sleep or eat properly every since his father has been arrested,\" said Anita.Waghmare, a class X-dropout, started a real estate business in Raigad. His son had undergone an abdominal surgery at Dr D Y Patil Hospital in Nerul recently and he needed money for the treatment.The accused hatched a plot to kill the four victims and flee with their money. \"We have expanded the investigation to ascertain whether more people are involved in Waghmare's scheme,\" Bajare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355695", "title": "Computer operator gets bail for uploading pictures of Hindu deities on Facebook", "text": "BANGALORE: The Gulbarga circuit bench of the Karnataka high court granted conditional bail to a 19-year old computer operator, accused of uploading pictures of Hindu deities on Facebook. These images allegedly portrayed them in a bad light.The court was of the view that it was preferable the petitioner be asked to execute a bond, with or without security, before the taluk executive magistrate for showing good behaviour (not exceeding a year) as per Section 108 of the CrPC.\"The petitioner shall not spread seditious matter concerning communal disturbance. His behaviour shall be good. He shall act and conduct himself in such a manner that there is no scope or room for communal tension,\" Justice CR Kumaraswamy observed, while granting bail to Bande Nawaz, a computer operator with Mudnoor gram panchayat, Shorapur taluk, Yadgir district.The judge noted that though police registered the case under Section 108 and 151 of CrPC, they have not mentioned the type of offence allegedly committed by the accused in the FIR.The police inspector of Kembhavi police station, on receiving credible information, rushed to Mudnoor village and arrested Nawaz, fearing a communal backlash. He was in judicial custody since September 29 and had moved the Gulbarga HC circuit bench for bail. He claimed he had received these images from unknown persons via email and later deleted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355835", "title": "Traffic diversions for 10K run today", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the scheduled 10K Foundation Run on November 25, the Hyderabad police on Friday decided to impose traffic restriction in some parts of the city. According to a press release, restrictions and diversions will be imposed from 5am to 12 noon on November 25.Police said that traffic will not be allowed on Khairatabad flyover towards the Necklace Road Rotary at V V Statue and will be diverted towards Khairatabad and Nirankari. Traffic coming from Rasoolpura towards Ranigunj will be diverted at Kims towards Paradise crossroads. Similarly traffic coming from MG Road towards Karbala Maidan will be diverted at Rocha Bazaar 'T' Junction towards Bata crossroads.Traffic coming from Bata towards Karbala Maidan will be diverted at Bible House Y junction towards Kavadiguda. Vehicles coming from Rajbhavan, Anandnagar and Punjagutta towards Khairatabad flyover will be diverted towards Nirankari at the V V Statue junction. Traffic coming from I-Max Theater will be diverted towards Khairatabad flyover at Necklace Road Rotary.Traffic from Mint lane will not be allowed towards helipad (NTR memorial) and will be diverted towards Traffic Police Station, Saifabad, and I-Max theatre road.Traffic from Iqbal Minar side towards Secunderabad will not be allowed towards Telugu Talli junction and Upper Tank Bund and will be diverted at the Old Secretariat gate on to the Telugu Talli flyover, Lower Tankbund road, DBR Mills, Kawadiguda crossroad and Bible House.Traffic coming from Bible House and Musheerabad will be diverted at Kawadiguda crossroad towards DBR Mills and Lower Tank Bund.Vehicles coming from Hill Fort Road will not be allowed towards Ambedkar Statue and NTR Marg. They will be diverted towards Iqbal Minor at Telugu Talli Junction. Traffic coming from Basheerbagh will not be allowed to go straight towards Ambedkar statue, Upper Tank Bund and will be diverted towards GHMC office/ Himayatnagar at Liberty.Traffic coming from Kawadiguda will not be allowed on the children's park, Upper Tank Bund from DBR Mills and will be diverted towards Lower Tank Bund at DBR Mills. Motorists coming from Lower Tank Bund road will not be allowed on to the Tank Bund at DBR and will be diverted towards Kawadiguda crossroads.General public are requested to start early and take alternative routes and diversions to reach their destination and cooperate with the traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356443", "title": "Statehood stir activists surrender, sent to jail", "text": "RANCHI: Leading activists of the Jharkhand movement surrendered to a railway magistrate in Chaibasa on Saturday and were remanded in judicial custody in connection with a 21-year-old case.The activists include Xavier Dias of Jharkhand Mines Area Committee and John Barjo, Indu Laguri, Basudev Deogham, Rajaram Tanty and Moso Munda, who participated in the agitation spearheaded by All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) at that time.The case relates to holding up of train during an economic blockade in March 1991. Gopinath Ghosh of Jharkhandi Organization for Human Rights (Johar) said their organization in consultation with former MLA Mangal Singh Bobonga and other activists of the Ajsu operative in West Singhbhum district persuaded the leaders to surrender. \"We expected that the cases will be waived as the Jharkhand government has repeatedly announced not only to waive cases of Jharkhand separate state movement but also to honour those who took active part in the movement,\" Ghosh said expressing surprise that instead of granting bail, all the activists were remanded in judicial custody.Speaking about the incident in which the six activists were accused of disrupting train movement and causing damage to government property, Ghosh said it was during the March 1991 blockade that the Tata company management lodged an FIR against the activists who along with the workers of iron ore mine in Noamundi restricted transportation of minerals.Ghosh said the activists were initially waiting for the government to take some decision for waiving off the cases as promised. \"Finally, they were convinced that the government was not going to take any immediate step and they decided to surrender and face legal proceedings to put an end to the pending cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356607", "title": "Tulsi, Vishnu, wed to herald marriage season ahead", "text": "KANPUR: The first wedding of this marriage season was celebrated in the city in the form of 'Tulsi and Vishnu Vivah' here on Saturday. Apart from rituals at homes, several community 'tulsi vivahs' were organised here. According to Hindu tradition, the festival also paved way for the marriage season.Hundreds of couples tie their nuptial knots on this day as their weddings were solemnised in the city after the wedding of Lord Vishnu and Tulsi.On Saturday, married Hindu women observed fast and prayed to the auspicious plant of Tulsi which was 'married' to lord Vishnu. The Tulsi Lagna (tulsi wedding) is symbolic wedding of Lord Krishna (an avatar of Lord Vishnu) marrying the basil plant whose leaves he loved to wear as a garland.Women fasting since morning prepared traditional delicacies at home in the day time to offer to the lord on his wedding. After sunset, women performed rituals associated with the ceremony.Seasonal fruits such as tamarind and amla were also offered to the lord. These fruits were tied to the Tulsi plant during the wedding. A number of folk songs are also sung during the rituals and celebrations.\"We tie Tulsi and sugarcane plant together during the wedding ceremony. The tender branch of sugarcane with carvings on it symbolically represents the groom, while the Tulsi plant is the bride. Those who have Shaligram (Lord Vishnu) at home, place him instead of sugarcane,\" informed Ganga Shukla, a senior citizen.She added that through the rituals women seek a long and prosperous life for their husbands.According to the myth, it is celebrated during the 11th day of the Hindu month of Kartik. Tulshi vivah also marks the beginning of marriage season after the long gap of 'Pitra-Paksha'.Talking to TOI, Kuldeep Chaturvedi an astrologer informed that 'Kartik Ekadashi' is celebrated as 'Devprabodhini Ekadashi' and marks the end of Chaturmaas (fourth month). On this day, Lord Vishnu wakes up after four months of slumber.According to Madan Gupta, another astrologer, \"It is an auspicious day and even those having 'Kaal Sarp Yog' and Manglik in their horoscopes can wed on this day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17356283", "title": "Sewermen's death: National SC panel wants FIR against officials", "text": "BARNALA: Taking note of accidents happening with sewerage workers, who work under unfavourable conditions and without safety measures, the National Commission for Scheduled Castes has recommended registration of cases against the officials responsible for such situations. Following Barnala incident where two workers died on on Thursday of asphyxiation, commission vice-chairperson Raj Kumar Verka has directed the district officials to register an FIR against the officials or contractors responsible.On a visit to Barnala on Saturday to take stock of the situation, Verka recommended registration of case under prevention of atrocities against SC Act. He also directed the authorities to suspend the officials or contractors found guilty. Besides this, he asked the deputy commissioner and senior superintendent of police to submit the action taken report within seven days.\"These types of accidents will not be tolerated anymore and officers forcing employees to work without safety measures will be taken to task,\" Verka said, adding that for the previous incidents, the commission has already summoned Punjab chief secretary on Monday and now Barnala case too would be added to the list.Verka said, \"I have come to know that officials have reached a compromise with the bereaved families, but this was invalid according to the Supreme Court directions and responsible officers will have to face the music.\"The vice-chairman also came down heavily on the Punjab government for not taking note of misappropriation of welfare funds for SC/ST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17359432", "title": "Clean sweep by Ethiopians in Jamba Cloud Hyderabad 10K; Sudha, Rattiram emerge fastest Indians", "text": "MUMBAI: It was an Ethiopian clean sweep at the Jamba Cloud Hyderabad 10K, on Sunday, with Mosinet Geremew and Yebrgual Melese winning the men's and women's overall titles.Olympian Sudha Singh ran her personal best time of 35.18 to win the Indian women's title and finish third overall, while Rattiram Saini emerged fastest among the Indian men, clocking 30.16, a time that helped him finish 8th overall.Sudha, scored her second consecutive win over arch rival Kavita Raut, that too by a considerable margin this time, Kavita coming home in 36.01 and Monika Athrey taking third place in 37.21.The Indian men's race was closer, with Rattiram followed in by G Laxmanan in 30.30 and Nitendra Singh Rawat in 30.54.Geremew came to Hyderabad with the reputation of the fastest male athlete in the elite field and lived up to that stature, running a brave start to finish race at the Prople's Plaza.The 20-year-old clocked his personal best time of 27.36, pushing to second place the fancied Kenyan Nicholas Kipkemboi. Kipkemboi, who came here on the back of winning the Seven Hills Race in Netherlands fell short in the final sprint to finish a second behind in 27.37. Third place went to Ugandan Jackson Kiprop, who stopped the clock at 28.16.Yebrgual Melese, who had a 4th place finish in the Delhi Half Marathon in September was pushed all the way by Kenyan Beatrice Mutai, but pulled ahead in the last kilometer to win in 33.21. Beatrice followed home in 33.36, with Sudha third in 35.18.More than 8,500 participants took the starter's flag at the People's Plaza, with 2,500 running in the 10km run and 6000 taking part in the Mazza Run. Cheering on the participants were megastar and MP Chiranjeevi, Speaker of the AP Assembly Nadendla Manohar, Police Commissioner Anurag Sharma, tennis sensation Sania Mirza, All-England badminton champion Pullela Gopichand, besides many dignitaries from the state government.\"It was great to see the people of Hyderabad coming together in such large numbers to run. This run is not just about health and fitness, but also about supporting various causes Hyderabad believes in. This run was proof that the city is united, regardless of caste, creed, religion and gender. I was also very impressed by the professional manner in which the entire proceedings were conducted,\" said Chiranjeevi.Mosinet who was running for the first time in India said, \"Hyderabad was a new experience for me. It was little hot today but running in this city was a pleasure and I also recorded my personal best.\" He added that though Kipkemboi was running close to him, he was always confident of winning because of his strong finish. He did exactly that, holding off the Kenyan in the last few meters of the race.Kipkemboi was looking to go below 27.30 in Hyderabad, but fell short in the end. However, he was pleased with his performance on Sunday, which was also his first outing in India. \"The climate was very much like Kenya so I loved running here and I would definitely want to come back and participate in the run next year,\" said Kipkemboi.Jackson who also managed to stay with the lead runners for a major part of the run fell behind when the two winners stepped on the pedal in the final kilometer. However, without much running experience, the 26-year-old was satisfied with his run here and the overall experience. \"It was a good experience, running in Hyderabad. I loved the climate, the enthusiasm of people and the whole environment,\" he said.Women's winner Yebrgual Melese relished the conditions here and said, \"I loved running in Hyderabad because the conditions are very conducive for running, especially running around the beautiful Hussain Sagar Lake. I hope the organizers conduct this race every year so that runners like us get a chance to run in this beautiful city again and again.\"Indian women's winner Sudha Singh attributed her good run here to her superior fitness because she is in the thick of competition. \" It was a good feeling to finish overall 3rd. I have been consistently participating in competitive events, which has helped me to improve on my timing. I am grateful to Procam International who provide great support and facilities to us Indian athletes.Results:Overall Athletes Men:Mosinet Geremew (ETH) 00.27.36; Nicholas Kipkemboi (KEN) 00.27.37; Jackson Kiprop (UGANDA) 00.28.16; Daniel Yaegon (KEN) 00.28.41; Hillary Kemboi (KEN) 00.28.52; Sibusiso Nizima (SOUTH AFRICA) 00.29.35; Obadiah Kemboi Kisang (KEN) 00.29.39' Rattiram Saini (IND) 00.30.16; Ngemui Isaac Kipkemoi (KEN) 00.30.22; Beharu Balcha 00.30.28; G Laxmanan (IND) 00.30.30; David Kiptoo Kiprotich (KEN) 00.30.52; Nitendra Rawat Singh (IND) 00.30.54; Nandraj Singh (IND) 00.30.58; Peter Ndegwa (KEN) 00.31.43.Overall Athletes Women:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354832", "title": "50-year-old killed in Dahisar", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-year-old man was murdered in Dahisar (E) on Saturday. Around 7.30am locals found the body of Phulchandra Yadav and informed the police. A hammer and a bottle of alcohol was found near Yadav's body.The police have detained one of Yadav's friends, Ramesh Madesiya (20), who was last seen with the victim, for questioning. According to an eye-witness, around 11pm on Friday, he had seen Yadav and his friends consuming alcohol. Cops suspect that the friends must have had an argument, leading to the attack on Yadav.Yadav had rented a flour mill for five years at Ambika Sadan Society in Anand Nagar area. He lived alone in a room adjoining the flour mill. He hailed from Uttar Pradesh, where his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17355973", "title": "Thrilling events to mark Kadri Kambla", "text": "MANGALORE: The historical Kadri Kambla of Sri Manjunatheshwara of Sri Kshetra Kadri will be held here on December 2 under the guidance of Mahanta Sri Sandhyanath of Kadri Sri Yogishwara Mutt.Competitions such as twin-slush track race for buffaloes (kambla), kesarugadde ota (slush track race), tug-of-war, treasure hunt, and 'teppangai'. B Nagaraj Shetty, president of Kadri Kambla Samiti, told reporters on Saturday that a photography competition has been organized. The Guttu Award will be conferred to S Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, president of the DK District Kannada Sahitya Parishat.Sree Devi Education Trust president president A Sadananda Shetty will inaugurate the slush trace race. Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy president A Umanath Kotiyan will preside over and police commissioner Manish Kabrikar will distribute prizes to the winners.Former minister J Krishna Palemar will inaugurate the tug-of-war competition and Mangalore MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, the 'tappangai race'. Former president of Kannada Sahitya Parishat Harikrishna Punaroor will kickstart the slush track buffalo race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17356057", "title": "High security for Thar Express after Taliban threat", "text": "JAISALMER: Taliban's threat to attack Indians following the hanging of Ajmal Kasab has put Indian security agencies on toes particularly over the safety of passengers of the Thar Express coming from Karachi in Pakistan.Security has been beefed up for the train which departs from Karachi every Friday and arrives at Munabao (India) every Saturday. BSF headquarters has given directions for strict vigilance while escorting the Thar Express from the Munabao international border to the railway station, while the nodal agency, GRP, at the Munabao railway station has made complete preparations for tight security and intensive checking.P P Tagyak, the SP of GRP, said given the current situation, the security of the train has been tightened specially for the which reached India on Saturday. Coordination has been maintained with local police and directions have been given for strict vigilance and intensive checking at Munabao railway station. A sniffer dog squad was also present while CCTVs and other security arrangements were being reviewed.The current Thar Express was manufactured in 1965 and as the train is very old, several security loopholes could crept in, Tagyak said.BSF Gujarat frontier, which has jurisdiction over the Munabao rail station, has sounded high alert after the Taliban threat. The frontier's DIG U K Nyal confirmed that the alert has been sounded.Nyal said the BSF's responsibility is to escort the train from international border to Munabao railway station under tight security and the force has made strict security arrangements for the same. The jawans and officers deployed there have been given directions to maintain strict vigil and BSF jawans deployed at the watch towers at the Munabao border have been asked to remain alert and keep a strict watch on the train.The DIG further said BSF jawans are also keeping a strict vigil in the water area of Sir Creek at the international border adjoining Gujarat. On Wednesday, BSF jawans at Khabada area caught a Pakistani intruder at border post number 1145. During interrogation, the intruder identified himself as Alam Khan (45), a resident of Pakistan. So far, he has not given any more information. Security agencies believed that Pakistani intelligence must have sent him to check the security arrangements in India. The intruder is now in the custody of police, Nyal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355467", "title": "Nitish Kumar pushes development agenda with renewed vigour", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday made a further push to the infrastructure development in state, particularly in road construction, by announcing to link all the 1.41 lakh habitats with 250 population with all-weather road. Under the newly-announced Mukhya Mantri Gram Sampark Yojna 34,116 km or roads will be constructed in next five years at a cost of Rs 23,881 crore.The CM made this announcement at the function to mark the completion of seven years of his government and after releasing the Report Card-2012. This state government scheme, which will be implemented in the current fiscal, will be completed by 2017-18, said Nitish and added that the roads left out in the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna would also be included in the state scheme. It will be implemented by the rural works department, he said.In his speech with all top bureaucrats and police officials in attendance at 'Samwad', the CM said Bihar was the first state to implement many innovative ideas and claimed progress in all sectors during the last seven years with everything humanly possible being done for the welfare of all sections of society under the plank of 'development with justice.'\"Our pace of development is being watched and talked about across the globe but to reach the national average of the country, Bihar needs special status and this is the demand of the people of the state,\" Nitish asserted.Recounting the achievements made in various fields like infrastructure, agriculture, tourism, education and health and the work undergoing in power sector for general, transmission and distribution, the CM admitted there were many challenges which he had avowed to convert these into opportunities without losing patience.Reiterating the declaration he made on August 15 last, Nitish said he would not go and seek votes if he failed to bring reforms in the power sector. In the same breath, he listed the initiatives launched for power generation, transmission and distribution and said the renovation work in Barauni and Kanti thermal power plants was in the last stage. He also said work on establishing powergrid sub-stations and replacing and repairing the dilapidated 72,000-km wire and transformers was going on.Saying that battle against corruption will continue, Nitish reiterated the zero tolerance policy on corruption which, he said, has been implemented with strong determination. He said 46 cases filed under the Bihar Special Courts Act, 2009 and rules made there under for confiscating ill-gotten property of public servants. Such properties of four officials have so far been confiscated.Earlier, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , while throwing light on various achievements made by the state government, said: \"We are moving to make Bihar an asset for the country, not a liability.\" He said Bihar is the only state in the country which has adopted strongest Lokayukta Act which covers from the CM to all ministers, from the chief secretary to entire bureaucracy and from the DGP to entire police force. Modi said it was, indeed, mindboggling that 1.5 crore students were getting stipends and 2.5 crore students were availing allowance for uniform. \"Bihar always made history in social revolutions, now the state is making history in governance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354798", "title": "All is not well with final Sohna master plan draft", "text": "GURGAON: Prior to finalizing the Sohna development plan, the state government has invited recommendations and criticisms of the first draft from residents and environmentalists.The Sohna Draft Development Plan - 2031 was notified in the month of July this year, and by August, resident groups and independent activists from Gurgaon had made their objections to the draft more than clear. As it happens, those objections still stand and many of them remain unaddressed, even though the plan, which was made public on November 15, has now been finalized.According to Chetan Agarwal, a Gurgaon-based environmental analyst, who was among the few who had pointed out the loopholes in the earlier draft, the concerns regarding forest land and zoning in the final version of the plan have only been 'partially addressed'. \"They have put the forest land in the agricultural zone. Ideally, they should have taken the entire Aravali region and made it into a forest conservation and water recharge zone,\" he said.Marking forest areas under the 'agricultural' category, according to zoning experts, leaves much room for exploiting the conserved land for commercial purposes. \"Over 25 kinds of activities are allowed in the agricultural zone, and almost all of the agricultural zone activities are non-forestry activities,\" said Agarwal.Earlier this year, a public petition against the proposed Sohna master-plan was also circulated on the internet, and was signed by more than 500 residents. Citizens' group Mission Gurgaon Development (MGD) had also raised similar objections. \"I am completely dissatisfied with the final version of the Sohna plan,\" said Col Sarvadaman Oberoi, treasurer, MGD. He said that the plan does not identify the Aravali range as deemed forests. \"Then they have given sanction to theme parks. When you have these theme parks, you will have to build hotels also. All these are shortcuts to building urban infrastructure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17356542", "title": "Sanskriti Express brings Tagore to Madurai city", "text": "MADURAI: 'Sanskriti Express' - a five-coach exhibition special brings alive the versatile poet Rabindranath Tagore to Madurai city. The exhibition train which arrived in the city on Saturday is stabled at Kudal Nagar railway station near Madurai Junction and will stay on Sunday. According to railway officials, Sanskriti Express is a tribute to Rabindranath Tagore from the Indian Railways on the occasion of his 150th birth anniversary. The exhibition throws light on the life and works of the versatile genius and the train is visiting all parts of the country in its second phase. It will visit various towns over Southern Railway, enlightening and inspiring people from all walks of life. The exhibition will be open to the public from 10 am to 8 pm on Saturday and Sunday and entry is free, officials said. The second phase of Sanskriti Express started on August 7 this year while the first phase was launched in Howrah Railway Station on May 9, 2010, the officials stated.The exhibition consists of five coaches with each coach giving a glimpse of the life and works of the poet. While the first coach named as 'Jibon Smiriti' displays the birth and the initial days of Tagore, his reminiscences, Shantiniketan and Sriniketan, the second coach named as Gitanjali speaks only about his Nobel Prize winning work. The third coach named 'Muktodhara' displays short stories, novels, dramas, essays and Tagore as the performer. The fourth coach 'Chitrarekha' is purely about paintings, portraits and sketches and the last coach 'Sesh Katha and Smaranika' is about the final journey and last days of Tagore. The handicrafts of Shantiniketan are also sold in the exhibition train.On Saturday morning the train failed to attract much of a crowd especially schoolchildren since it was stabled on the weekend. However, children from the locality were eager to explore the train at leisure. B Nandini studying 7th standard said the train was very useful and very informative. \"I need to write an essay on Tagore and the presence of Sanskirit Express was timely,\" she said as she was scribbling details in her notepad. Railway officials said the school students came to visit the exhibition later in the evening. Students from Sethupathy Higher Secondary School and corporation school in Anaiyur have visited the exhibition. The railways has intimated nearly 200 schools about the train and the education department was also given a note. More students and people are expected on Sunday, railway officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355365", "title": "Inquiry begins against Gujarat University VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One member inquiry committee instituted by the Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University (HNGU) has begun inquiry into the charges of financial irregularity during an international conference organized by current vice chancellor of Gujarat University, Adesh Pal. Pal has become the first GU VC against whom an inquiry has been instituted by another university.Pal had organized an international seminar on the theme of diaspora when he was head of English department in the HNGU. tnnAllegations were leveled against him by various quarters that funds meant for the seminar were misused.Charges were leveled that while less number of rooms were used by the guests, more bookings were shown on paper to siphon funds. Similarly, food bills of the guests and participants in the seminar were also inflated. Pal had also submitted accounts of the seminar months after the seminar had concluded.Since the complaints had come from different quarters and created quite a ruckus, the HNGU authorities formed a inquiry committee. \"We have instituted an inquiry committee which will submit its report soon. Once the report is submitted, we will decide upon the action to be initiated\", said VC of HNGU Himakhsi Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17358444", "title": "Rajya Sabha panel for power to Lokpal to sanction prosecution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lokpal will have power to grant sanction to initiate prosecution against a public servant, a parliamentary committee has recommended, seeking to amend a provision in the bill which said no previous sanction was required for the ombudsman to bring charges.The recommendation of the Rajya Sabha Select Committee on Lokpal comes against the backdrop of the stand taken by the government that the provision in the Lokpal Bill to do away with previous sanction was against the \"principle of protection\".\"...The proposal to do away with the requirement of previous sanction...where prosecution is proposed by Lokpal, would be against the principle of protection needed for the public servants,\" the Law Ministry had told the Committee when it was scrutinising the Bill passed by Lok Sabha .The constitutional protection available to civil servants under Articles 311 and 320, clause 3(C) of the Constitution would also be adversely affected by the provisions of the proposed law, the Ministry had said.The panel tabled its report in the Upper House on Friday along with a copy of the amended Bill.The committee has recommended changes in the clause, which now reads, \"...The Lokpal shall have the power to grant sanction for prosecution...\"Another amendment proposed by the Committee says that a bench of at least three Lokpal members will obtain \"comments\" of the competent authority and the public servant concerned before granting sanction to its Prosecution Wing or investigating agency to file a charge-sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356054", "title": "When the 7 sisters sing", "text": "Every time Tetseo sisters take to the stage, they talk to their audience before they begin singing the traditional Li songs of Nagaland. Crisply yet clearly, they explain where they come from, what they will sing, the meanings of the lyrics and the significance of those songs for ordinary Naga women who sing while going about their daily chores.The style of explaining each song \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the eldest Tetseo sister Mercy says it is their trademark \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may sound like a lecturedemonstration but is far more profound. It is the most effective tool to warm up an audience alien to Li songs and establish a connect with the listeners that lasts beyond the evening. No wonder, the four Tetseo sisters have invitations from all over India to perform at events where many wouldn't even know much about Nagaland.Mercy and her sisters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Azi, Kuvelu and Alune \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are a new breed of singers from the musically rich Nagaland who are making conscious attempts to break free of the barriers that have so far restricted them to their region. One of those barriers broken is that of the language \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by explaining the gist of their art in English, they have carried a niche genre of songs to a wide audience. Another hurdle they have breached is the necessity to compromise with their art. They don't have to sing only in English to connect with non-Nagas.That looks like the next obvious step in the evolution of the region's rich music scene. While the previous generation solidified the deep-rooted music culture with well-received annual events, the new music makers are travelling far with their traditional sounds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d besides the Tetseo sisters, the fusion Naga rock band Abiogenesis made it to the nomination list of the 50th Grammy Awards in 2008 for the Best Contemporary World Music of the Year, with the album Aeon Spell; Divine Connection, a gospel band from Kohima, won the prestigious MTV Kurkure Desi Beats Rock On contest in February last year and Sourabhee Debbarma from Tripura was the Indian Idol winner in 2009.Gugs Sema, head of the Music Task Force of the Nagaland government to promote state's musicians says, \"Nagaland has talent but our musicians have had limited exposure to trends outside. We don't just give them a platform but want to promote music as an industry so that they consider it as an occupation and not a mere hobby.\" He cites the example of the Hornbill National Rock Contest, a part of the 13-yearold Hornbill Music Festival, that sees tough competition from all over India.The shortlist of 24 bands for the upcoming contest from December 1 to 7 in Kohima will feature four each from Nagaland and Delhi, three from Kolkata and Bangalore, two from Mumbai and Pune, and one each from Chennai, Shillong, Aizwal (Mizoram), Guwahati, Darjeeling and Imphal.Lou Majaw, the most respected musician from the northeast best known for the Dylan birthday concert that he has been organising in Shillong since May 24, 1972, says, \"There is so much room now to perform. People in Bangalore, Pune, Kolkata and Mumbai are as mad for music as they are in Shillong. When I was young, I had never thought that we would be able to reach out to the entire country,\" he says. Shillong is also home to the well-celebrated Shillong Chamber Choir.What makes music a natural ally of people in the northeast is that it has for long served as a tenable escape from insurgency. Majaw says that when people around him were taking up guns or calling for bandhs, he picked up the guitar. What Mercy says sums up the eagerness among the new singers to break one of the last obstacles that have typecast the eight states, \"Our parents grew up in conflict and we still have to explain the various 'isms' that people associate with our states. Our generation wants to explore the avenues beyond all this and music is a good option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17355064", "title": "IMB can take KA's overflow, says Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday inaugurated the renovated Institute Menezes Braganza hall on the occasion of its 141st anniversary. Parrikar said the centre can be an alternate site for those artistes who aren't able to get a booking at Kala Academy.Addressing the gathering, Parrikar said that the centre should not get into competition with Kala Academy, but should encourage artistes to hold their dramas and plays at the Institute Menezes Braganza, as the Kala Academy is always overloaded.\"We will allow all programmes in the Braganza hall except birthday and wedding parties,\" Parrikar said, adding that \"this hall is centrally located in the heart of the city, and the government will identify parking place were around 40 vehicles would be able to be parked.\"Parrikar also said that he is continuously following up with the director of art and culture with regard to the completion of the long-pending renovation of the Adil Shah palace, and that he hoped that it would be ready for inauguration on January 26, 2013.Art and Culture minister Dayanand Mandrekar directed the PWD to complete the renovation of Ravindra Bhavan at Margao within the next three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356251", "title": "BJP silences protests in Limbayat, Majura", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356408", "title": "After HC order, Gurgaon administration to check illegal constructions near Air Force station", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after Punjab and Haryana high court ordered judicial intervention in checking encroachments and illegal constructions near the ammunition depot of Air Force station, Gurgaon, the district administration on Saturday came up with a slew of measures to stop constructions.Fearing strong action by the HC, which has already summoned a report from chief judicial magistrate, Gurgaon administration on Saturday also announced a reward of Rs 500 for those providing information on new constructions in the restricted area.Two Quick Action Teams (QATs) have also been constituted which will rush immediately to the site on getting information and take action against the defaulter besides demolishing the structure. One QAT will look after the area falling under police stations of Sector 18 and Palam Vihar while the other one will be for area falling under police stations of Sector 5 and Civil Lines. Two JCBs will be kept stationed in both these police stations for demolition work.Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena said the administration would observe 'zero tolerance' on issue of constructions in prohibited zone and nobody would be spared.\"Directions have been issued to all officers to follow the orders of HC in letter and spirit and FIR will be registered whenever any case of illegal construction is reported to them either by the Air Force authorities or anyone,\" DC added. Similarly, if any government servant is found indulging in illegal construction, he will be chargesheeted as well.On Thursday, a division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri of the HC had directed the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Gurgaon to visit the areas and file a detail report on encroachments near these air force stations before December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355753", "title": "Missile testing range to come up at Machilipatnam", "text": "HYDERABAD: A long-range missile testing range will come up on a 260-acre land at Machilpatnam in the state. There have, however, been hurdles from the petroleum ministry to the facility, which has been cleared and all that is awaited is the state government's transfer of land to the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).This was revealed by DRDO director general and scientific advisor to defence minister V K Saraswat during an interaction with media persons on the sidelines of the 26th national convention of aerospace engineers, organised by the Institution of Engineers (India), Andhra Pradesh state centre, here on Saturday.Saraswat said it would take three years to build infrastructure on the range from the time of allotment of land to DRDO. The entire project may cost around Rs 1,000 crore. In addition to this, the DRDO has also sought 5,000 acres from the state government for setting up an electronics warfare range. Sites at Vikarabad and Nagarjunasagar were discussed but no final decision was taken. A different location would be finalised.The defence organisation is also now assisting the para-military agencies in the country in handling low-intensity conflicts by providing them with weaponry and technology for specific needs. Chilli grenades, jammers and explosives are among them. The National Police Academy in Hyderabad has also asked for specific things and the DRDO would be providing them.Saraswat said India's defence programme needs Rs 80,000 crore in the next 10 years. Out of this Rs 45,000 crore is needed for developing and producing missiles. The rest of the money would go for spending on space missions and others. He said a nod has already been given for production of fifth generation fighter aircraft.Earlier speaking at the aerospace engineers convention, Saraswat said the country needs 500-600 aerospace engineers to meet the requirements for the next 15 years. \"The problem with young engineers is that they are not willing to experiment. Because of the IT revolution, they would rather do things on computer than actually going into the field and checking out everything on the drawing board. We have noticed this syndrome and that is not good,\" he said.Avinash Chander, DRDO chief controller, R&D; (missiles and strategic systems) said there was a need to come up with a comprehensive space security plan. This was needed not only to protect India's assets in space but also for the deterrence of the enemy. He proposed sending smaller and low-cost satellites with specific missions. \"Even if the enemy were to destroy them, it should be easy to send more satellites that would do the job and that would frustrate the enemy,\" he said.Avinash Chander said with space security emerging as a concern and space emerging as a platform for waging a war, India has to plan for it and act accordingly.The contribution of some eminent personalities in space and defence was recognized at the convention and they were felicitated. They included Lt Gen V J Sundaram, former director, DRDL, K Rama Rao, former director, advanced composites, DRDL, S M Deshpande, Jawarharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, Bangalore, Dr Vasantha Sastry, honorary advisor, department of space, and Dr B L Deekshatulu, former director, NRSA, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359792", "title": "JTHJ mints Rs 101.26 crore at Indian box office", "text": "\"Jab Tak Hai Jaan\" (JTHJ), Yash Chopra's last directorial venture, continues to mint money. The romantic saga has earned Rs.101.26 crore at the domestic box office in 11 days since its release.The movie, featuring Shah Rukh Khan, Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif , released on 2,500 screens on the auspicious occasion of Diwali, Nov 13.Made at a budget of Rs.50 crore, the film has surpassed the Rs.100 crore mark in the Indian market , even though it had crossed the milestone figure in terms of worldwide collections within six days of hitting the screens.Despite mixed reviews from all quarters, it had grossed over Rs.120 crore from all over the world in six days, and at the Indian box office, the movie had managed to get Rs.80.73 crore.The figures only seem to be on a rise.The buzz for the film was immense, given the fact that it is Chopra's last directorial, a project he took up eight years after helming \"Veer-Zaara\". It has also brought back Shah Rukh in his classic romantic avatar , which his female fans love him for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gudivada", "code": "17355787", "title": "'Ditched' by lover, girl attempts suicide at police station", "text": "GUDIVADA: A final year degree student attempted suicide by consuming pesticide at the Gudlavalleru police station as the police did not show any interest in uniting her with her lover. The girl had approached the police as she was allegedly spurned by her lover. The police immediately rushed the girl to the government hospital at Gudivada where her condition is critical.According to information, Kagitha Pavani, 22, a resident of Ulavalapudi village of Gudlavalleru mandal, is a final year degree student at Noble College of Machilipatnam. She reportedly fell in love with an unemployed youth Satvik. After two years of friendship when Satvik refused to marry her, Pavani, who is a polio victim, became upset.The girl reportedly made several rounds of the police station in the last one month seeking the help of cops in persuading Satvik to marry her. A source said that police also summoned the boy and discussed the issue with him. However, Satvik is said to have turned down the proposal saying that he had never promised to marry her as he knew that she was physically challenged.The police tried to warn the girl against insisting on marrying Satvik, saying that they would not be able to lead a happy marital life if he was not interested. Pavani did not relent and pestered the police to take the initiative to perform their marriage as Satvik was trying to ditch her after promising to marry. She reached the Gudlavalleru police station early on Saturday and put her demands before the police again. Upset with the cops' inaction in her problem, Pavani consumed the pesticide which she had brought to the police station. The police who were taken aback by this sudden turn of events rushed the girl to the government hospital at Gudivada.DSP Parameswara Reddy visited the hospital and enquired about the condition of the girl. The doctors said that her condition was critical and that she would have to be kept under observation for the next 24 hours. A case of attempt to suicide has been booked against the girl. After the incident, Gudlavalleru SI Ramakrishna proceeded on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354730", "title": "ABG Group likely to bag project at Kolkata Docks", "text": "KOLKATA: Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd may have quit the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) but its parent body, the ABG Group, is likely to bag the contract for mechanized handling of containers at Netaji Subhas Dock 5 (NSD5) of the Kolkata Dock System (KDS). Both HDC and KDS are under the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT).This development has come as a shot in the arm for the KoPT management which is keen to project that it follows the same policy for all companies.\"Two parties had submitted bids for mechanized handling at NSD5. One of these was ABG Ports Ltd . When we opened the bids, ABG emerged as the lowest bidder. We are processing the tender further. Unless there are any technical issues or ABG backs out, the company is most likely to bag the contract. This reveals our professional attitude. We perform under set guidelines. The recent happenings at HDC have not clouded our vision in any way,\" a senior KoPT official said.The matter will be discussed in the KoPT Board of Trustees meet on November 29. The next step will be taken once the Board gives its assent.Another ABG Group company, ABG Calcutta Containers Pvt Ltd, is already engaged in container handling at berths 4 and 8 of KDS. Even after HBT's exit from Haldia, ABG officials had made it clear that the company wants to continue in Kolkata. In fact, ABG has expressed interest in extending the contract for berths 4 and 8, sources revealed.Mechanization of NSD5 involves the installation of two Mobile Harbour Cranes that would move containers from ships to shore and shore to ship. Over the years, KDS has emerged as a hub for container movement and volumes have actually gone up in the recent period in spite of a global economic downtrend.While announcing HBT's withdrawal from HDC, company CEO Gurpreet Malhi had accused KoPT of not providing necessary assistance. In response to this, KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain had pointed out that had his organization been biased towards a particular company, ABG wouldn't have wanted to continue in Kolkata. \"KoPT can't have one policy for HDC and another one for KDS. That ABG wishes to continue at Kolkata is evidence enough that we were not to blame for what transpired at Haldia,\" Jain had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354803", "title": "Presidency College may carry both college and varsity tags", "text": "KOLKATA: A raging debate over whether the name of Presidency College should be officially changed to Presidency University may finally be laid to rest with the authorities choosing a middle path. Though it has not yet been decided whether the prestigious institute will get a new logo and new nameplates, the authorities are keen on retaining a bit of the 'Presidency College' legacy.Though vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said it was yet undecided if a new logo would be designed, a source said the authorities will prefer to keep both the college and university in the new logo as well as the nameplates, if they are changed. \"There are several foreign universities that flaunt both the names of the college as well as the university. Presidency might go for a similar arrangement,\" said a senior official of the university.\"The logo will have to bear the essence of both modernity and tradition, something Presidency truly represents. The history of Presidency College and the future of Presidency University will have to be kept in mind while designing the logo. Though a decision has not yet been taken, we may soon want to have a unique logo either with the help of students or with the assistance of professionals,\" the source added.The university is also about to launch its new website. \"It may be launched in the beginning of December. More than 120 faculty members have been selected. The website, which is under construction, will elaborately speak about the faculty members who have joined the university. The core group in each department is in place now. Every department and their members, with their elaborate background and work experience, will be put up on the website,\" said Sarkar.The VC added: \"The website will not only take into account the 200 years of the institute's history but it will be forward-looking, much like Presidency University, detailing the research work being carried out in the varsity. Much like the earlier website, the new one will also allow candidates seeking jobs to post their CVs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356552", "title": "60-year-old on way to morning walk dies in accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 60-year-old retired government employee was killed in an accident on Saturday morning, when he lost balance of the two-wheeler he was riding and hit a cart near Panjab University. The elderly person was on his way for a morning walk.The deceased identified as Rajinder Pal Singh Baba, was a resident of Sector 37 and liked going to different places for a walk. The accident occurred at around 6am. Police said, Rajinder used to go for a walk to different places like Sukhna Lake, PU campus and other green areas of the city.\"The deceased was riding a bike and he sustained a head injury. He was immediately taken to the government hospital in Sector 16, where he was declared brought dead,\" said Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of the Sector 11 police station, while adding, \"We have handed over the body to his family after an autopsy. A probe into the matter is going on.\"In another accidnet, Sonam, 21, a resident of Behlana village, succumbed to her injuries sustained in an accident at the roundabout of sectors 32-33 on Saturday.Sonam was travelling in a taxi along with two of her friends, and the vehicle rammed into the roundabout. Her friends too were injured in the accident. The taxi driver fled the spot, leaving the vehicle behind. Police have booked the driver, while the incident is being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17355470", "title": "I-League: East Bengal's 'fiver' knocks ONGC out cold", "text": "KOLKATA: Like old wine, East Bengal, under Trevor Morgan, are maturing with every outing. Their thumping 5-0 win over giant-killers ONGC at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday was another statement of their potency and purpose.The facile win took them back to the top of I-League table with 17 points from seven matches and stretched their unbeaten run to 18 matches this season.With Edeh Chidi, Penn Orji, Manandeep Singh, Lalrindika Ralte and Robin Singh each hitting the target, Morgan's side showed that it is no longer dependent on individual brilliance in quest for glory .No wonder Morgan hailed East Bengal's 'biggest' victory in the I-League this season as a \"delightful celebration\" of team unity.ONGC's hopes of putting up a fight suffered a setback on the hour mark when defender Sandeep Sangha was given marching orders after he picked up a second yellow card. Three of East Bengal's goals came after that.ONGC, who came into this match after shocking defending champions Dempo 3-1 last week, remained on five points from seven games.East Bengal's first goal, which came in the 26th minute, was a result of a perfect execution of a training-ground drill.Uga Okpara's long ball found Ishfaq Ahmed on the right who quickly headed it in the direction of Chidi lurking near ONGC's six-yard box.The Nigerian received the ball while covering the challenge from Sangha, and with his second touch beat goalkeeper Prosenjit Ghosh with a booming strike. Incidentally, it was East Bengal's 500th strike in the NFL/I-League.Dempo score late winner to beat Air IndiaJoaquim Abranches' late strike helped Dempo Sports Club score a solitary goal win over a spirited Air India in the I-League tie played at the Nehru Stadium.The all-important goal was scored by Abranches in the 90 th minute off a pass from substitute Romeo Fernandes. Both the teams played cautiously in the barren first half which saw the play confined to midfield.Dempo, who lost their top position to East Bengal after they lost to ONGC, failed to dominate the midfield in the absence of midfielders Climax Lawrence and Rohan Ricketts.Moga scores fastest I-League goalPune FC striker James Moga on Saturday scored one of the quickest goals in the history of Indian football as his side held United Sikkim to a 2-2 draw in a seventh round I-League match in Pune.Moga's strike was timed at 10 seconds. He was off the blocks in the very first minute after Gurjinder Singh fed him soon after the kick-off.The hosts, however, had themselves to blame for not forcing a win after striker Jeje Lalpekhlua wasted a spotkick in the second half.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356285", "title": "Man kills friend during drunken brawl, dumps body in septic tank", "text": "CHENNAI: Police searching for a missing 25-year-old painter found he had been killed by a friend during a drunken brawl and the body dumped in a septic tank. The body of K Santhosh Kumar was recovered from the tank near the house of his friend N Neelakantan, a mason, at Thirukali Medu near Kancheepuram on Friday.After Santhosh Kumar's elder brother Sudhish lodged a complaint saying his brother was missing, police began inquiries. \"His family members and friends said they last saw Santhosh with Neelakantan . We went to Neelakantan's house and found blood stains on the wall and on the floor near the septic tank. The lid was not closed fully. Neelakantan's mother said it was usually closed. We removed it and found Santhosh' body,\" Kancheepuram taluk police inspector V N Palani said.The body was pulled out with the help of conservancy workers and sent to the government hospital in Kancheepuram for autopsy. A case was registered and a hunt launched for Neelankantan who had meanwhile surrendered before a village panchayat officer.During questioning, Neelakantan confessed to having committed the crime. \"As the two friends were drinking, a verbal duel ensued and Santhosh assaulted Neelakantan who hit back. He repeatedly smashed Santhosh's head against the wall and the latter fell unconscious. Neelakantan dragged the body out and dumped it into the septic tank. Then he cleaned the floor and wall,\" an investigation officer said quoting Neelakantan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356163", "title": "Kids' science meet ends", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 20th state level National Children Science Congress concluded in Barabanki on Saturday with announcement of the best projects that will represent UP at the national level next month.Chief guest Sarvendra Vikram Bahadur Singh of UP's education department spoke on the need for scientific temper among the young generation. He said that the race for the degrees should stop and only if one goes in the field that interests him or her, can one excel. The DIOS coordinator and guide teacher from Aligarh earned citation for their excellent performance.CM Nautiyal, scientist and chief advisor of the programme, said that one must go back with the essence of the message from the speeches of former President Kalam and Prof Yashpal that asking questions to oneself is important. Famous scientist Gauss, he said that the young Gauss could add numbers from 1 to 100 using a simple logic that the number at two ends of the sequence always are adding to 101 and there will be 50 such pairs.He emphasised that a little thinking before rushing in with the routine process will be of immense help.Madhu Agarwal, Executive Director of the Sagar Group and the , host, was also presented a memento on behalf of the State organising committee by Dr. SK Singh, who announced the names of the selected students.About 250 projects from about 70 districts were presented during the Congress and the best ones will be presented at the national event in December at BHU during December 27-31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17355450", "title": "When 4,000 Goans became stateless overnight", "text": "GOA: Maureen Terreiro was eight years old when she and her family had to leave the country that was home. Young, though she was at that time, Maureen hasn't forgotten what life in Uganda was 40 years ago. \"They were hard, very hard times. Soldiers would be everywhere. We had an uncle who had a business there and was placed under house arrest. We saw many people disappear. My uncle did manage to get out,\" Terreiro told STOI from Sydney, Australia. Many will agree with her and will dig up details from their memories to describe those hard times, and the three months, they were given to pack a bag and leave the shores of Uganda forever.It was August 1972 and Idi Amin, dictator of Uganda, had asked Asians to quit the country within 90 days. Over the next few weeks, among the streams of Asians who left the African nation, were about 4,000 Goans who sought refuge in whichever country would allow them to call it home. A large number of Goans migrated to the United Kingdom and Canada, a few returned to Goa.Among those who came to Goa were the Godinho siblings comprising Manuel, Annie and Lucy. Their parents and four other sisters had returned to Goa earlier the same year, but these three siblings, in their early 20s and holding jobs, had decided to stay on in Uganda. \"We thought we would make some money by staying on in Uganda, but we lost everything. My sisters left immediately after the order expelling Indians came. I stayed back till October but lost my job and came back,\" Manuel said.It wasn't just the loss of a job that prompted Manuel to take a boat to Bombay. He recalls two incidents that pushed him towards this. \"I saw a Goan, who was due to leave Uganda the next day, being shot dead. He was an old man and was walking with an umbrella when he saw a jeep with army men coming from the opposite direction. He hid behind some large garbage bins. The army men saw the spokes of the umbrella and came around the bin, shot him dead and threw his body into the bin,\" Manuel told STOI. A little after that, Manuel, walking along the streets of Kampala accidently bumped into an army man. \"He gave me one rap. These two incidents shook me and led me to return to Goa,\" Manuel told STOI.To his sisters the expulsion came as a shock. \"We were celebrating India's Independence Day when we heard the news. We cried when we came to know we had to leave the country,\" Manuel's sister Lucy Borthwick said. The sisters left immediately. \"Staying another day was like risking your life. It was very risky for ladies in Uganda at that time. Going to the airport was frightening. People were being pulled out of cars and searched,\" Annie said. The Godinho sisters found jobs in Bombay and having retired are now living in Majorda.The Goan community in Uganda was large and was spread across the country. They were in business, private employment and in government service. When expelled from the country they left behind houses, personal possessions and assets. They took what they could stuff in their suitcases and some painful memories that would remain with them forever.\"We arrived in Toronto, Canada, with four suitcases-one for each of us and with $100 in the pocket,\" Juliet Rebello, another Goan who, along with her family, was turned out of Uganda, said.Recalling their flight from Uganda, Juliet said, \"We did leave as a family of four. At the airport we were searched and so was our luggage. The soldiers were looking for jewellery (gold)-they stripped searched the men and women.\" The Rebello family came to Goa from Uganda and then went to Canada. \"As a result of making our own travel arrangements not taking the refugee flights provided by Canada, when we arrived in Canada we were not given the assistance given to those who arrived on the refugee flights. We were just thankful to be out of the grip of Idi Amin,\" Juliet said.In India the refugees from Uganda didn't receive much help. \"Other countries helped the repatriates. India didn't give us anything,\" Annie said. In India, those who returned from Uganda were given a one-time refugee allowance of 40. \"Half of that was spent when travelling from Bombay to Goa,\" Manuel, who travelled standing from Bombay to Mapusa in a bus arranged by the government to bring the Goans home, said.Like the Godinhos, the Terreiro family too came to Goa, but family-head Anthony went first to Germany and then to Austria seeking a new life before opting for Australia as the new family home. The rest of the family stayed in Siolim for three years, many of the children doing their early schooling in Goa, before migrating to Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347623", "title": "Krrish to fight Ekta\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Ragini", "text": "Even as Hrithik Roshan plans to take off on a high note next Diwali with his high-flying superhero avtar, Ekta Kapoor plans to keep the audience grounded.In fact, if posters of her upcoming film Ragini MMS 2 kept at the Balaji office are to be believed, the makers have been asking the audiences to \"Get laid this Diwali\".Rakesh Roshan , producer director of Krrish had revealed his Diwali 2013 plans long back. In the meantime, the Ragini MMS 2 team have been secretly chalking out plans for a big Diwali release at the Balaji Motion Pictures office.The film was reportedly scheduled for October 11, 2013 release. However, the makers are now planning to postpone it and challenge Hrithik's Krrish at the box office during the festive weekend.Interestingly, Ragini MMS will be the first Diwali release with adult content. An insider told us, \"They already have a tagline ready for the Sunny Leone starrer. The posters read: 'This Diwali get laid'. However, they are keeping the release plans very hush-hush.\"This thwarts the superhero's plans to get a solo release next Diwali. When contacted Tanuj Garg, CEO Balaji Motion Pictures confirmed the plans but refrained from giving out the release date. \"We haven't formalised a release date but actively looking at October-November,\" he told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17360280", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party reflects intellectual bankruptcy of Kejriwal: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Ridiculing Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party, AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Sunday accused the activist-turned-politician of adopting Congress party's theme to name his political outfit.\"It reflects the intellectual bankruptcy of Kejriwal,\" Singh told reporters in Bhubaneswar, while replying a question on the use of word \"Aam Aadmi\".\"Let Mr Kejriwal first get elected as an MP or MLA or even a municipal corporator,\" the AICC leader who was in Bhubaneswar to attend a function of All India Kshatriya Federation (AIKF) said, criticising the Kejriwal's political party.Replying to a question on the Congress's B team in Odisha, Singh said \"Let Naveen Patnaik and (Pyarimohan) Mohapatra decided what are they.\"Both, the ruling BJD led by Naveen Patnaik and Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM), had been accusing each other as the \"B\" team of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354752", "title": "These men play both chauffeur and doctor", "text": "In the corridor outside Rajesh Savla's flat in Jogeshwari, two women in nighties are fighting over the placement of dustbins. When the decibel level rises, kids accumulate on the staircase, a toddler with a steel glass upturned on one hand imitates their pitch and Savla's wife prepares to intervene. But he pulls her back and stares at the squabbling parties for a while. The tactic, however, does not work on them the way it does on his four-legged clients who often scratch the front door of his Maruti Omni.Savla is the driver of a 24-hour private animal ambulance called Pawz pet taxi whose tagline is 'Any pets, Any time, Anywhere'. For four years now, Savla\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhose van displays printouts of pets\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhas not had a day off. Even when his wife was pregnant with his daughter Khushi (whom he now likes to call \"a wild animal\"), there were many nights he had to leave her side to attend to injured animals. In fact, on occasions such as Diwali, Savla hardly get any shut-eye. This Diwali, he was busy attending to four calls, mostly about dogs with burns resulting from crackers. But the man who has helped rescue more than 600 animals so far has no regrets. \"My household runs on dogs and cats,\" he says proudly.There are at least three more such households in the city whose daily income comprises conveyance charges to and from animal hospitals and tips from animal lovers who \"do not think too much about money\" as Anil Pachupate, who runs the Trimurti Animal Ambulance Service, puts it. Diwali, Holi and Ganesh Chaturthi are usually sleepless nights, he says, as they are inundated with calls (sometimes routed through animal welfare NGOs). \"The noise tends to frighten dogs. Often when they try to escape, they get injured,\" says Pachupate, who has come across entire families standing on the road because a stray had wandered into their house.On the face of it, the job profile of these ambulance drivers seems simple. Every time they get a call about an injured or sick animal, they have to rush to the site, administer first-aid to the subject if required and take it to the nearest veterinary hospital (namely Ahimsa in Malad, BSPCA in Parel, SPCA in Thane and IDA in Deonar and Govandi). Some, like Savla, even like to keep tabs on everything from the animal's register number to its progress and follow up till it recovers.The very nature of the occupants of their caged ambulances, however, presents unique occupational hazards. Pachupate, who started his ambulance service four years ago when he saw that taxis refused to ferry animals, has suffered at least five dog bites on the job. \"But I am not afraid anymore,\" he says, adding that he now looks out for perked-up ears, goose bumps and a transfixed gaze\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtelltale signs of an imminent attack. The driver, who's sometimes taken stray dogs home after they recover, rushes to help even when he's not summoned\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlike the time last year when he heard about a fire at the New Golden circus tent at Chunabhatti. \"Thankfully, the four horses and five performing dogs were unscathed,\" he says.From a dog with a belly torn apart by barbed wire to a bunch of hounds attacked with acid, these ambulance drivers have seen it all. In fact, Savla once had to replace the back door of his van after a pregnant donkey kicked it while being rushed to the hospital. While ferrying maggot-infested dead dogs, they have to take special care. \"The stench from maggots, they know, can disorient stray dogs, so we make sure not to park the ambulance on a busy road,\" says Pachupate.The job has also acquainted the drivers with the way Mumbai treats its animals. \"Eighty per cent of the people are nice to them while 20 per cent are decidedly not,\" says Hitendra Mota of Star Ambulance Service, who remembers the case of a dog that was lying at Parel Station with no limbs. Among the 20 per cent are people who scream \"maar daalo\", who run their bikes over dogs for cheap thrills. Mota, who has five ambulances, once tried to rescue a ten-year-old leopard lying on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway after being hit by a speeding vehicle. None of the motorists stopped. By the time Mota picked it up and rushed to the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, it was dead.Sometimes, drivers even have to turn part-counsellors. When Savla once attended to a Rottweiler that had gone wild, he explained to the owners that the aggression could be attributed to the fact that its mating had been delayed.Though the job fetches them a decent sum, driver Pradip Kadam of Pixey Ambulance Service confesses that if the caller is not well-heeled, they do not charge much. Time and again, however, they get calls that tend to throw them off their driving seats: \"The pigeon has laid eggs outside our house. What to do?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355490", "title": "What copyright? Costly books on shelf, photocopies sell", "text": "PATNA: The war between the ancient writers and the modern writers is so primal that Jonathan Swift dedicated a prose piece on the subject. Which one is better, however, is tough to decide, but today the battle is between the originals, be they ancients or moderns, and the pirated ones. With the prices of the voluminous books and original texts soaring, Xerox copies are selling like hot cakes in violation of the copyright laws of the land.According to Indian Copyright Act, 1957, one can possess only one photocopied version of the original text or manuscript - that too for personal perusal and not commercial use. However, the black market of pirated books and photocopies of the originals is mushrooming unabated. The photocopied version of books originally sold for as high as Rs 1000 to Rs 1500 can be obtained at half the price in city's shops.While Patna's Ashok Rajpath is the state's largest hub of all types of books, there is a makeshift market for old books, pirated ones and the photocopies of the originals at the neighbouring Gandhi Maidan roundabout called 'Apna Bazaar'. \"We sell photocopied materials of books for grade XI and XII, engineering and medical entrance tests, MBBS and banking and civil services examinations,\" rattled off Raju Kumar (name changed) who has a stall at 'Apna Bazaar'.Not only 'Apna Bazaar', even some prominent shops on Ashok Rajpath are into this trade. \"We do stock originals, but we also get their photocopies in bulk for those who cannot afford to buy the expensive originals,\" explained one shopkeeper.Least bothered about the law, students prefer the photocopies for the obvious reason that they are cheaper. Nineteen-year-old Ritwik Jha would also opt for photocopied material if given a choice between the two. \"One needs to have an updated edition of question banks, but it is practically impossible to buy a new book every year to remain informed about the latest questions. In that case, photocopies are the best alternative,\" the medical aspirant told TOI.Not only the books and question banks that help one prepare for competitive examinations, even foreign writers' books that are part of the Bachelor's and Master's syllabi are hit by this business of forgery. Preeti, a postgraduate student at Patna University, said costly books by foreign writers were beyond her reach and, therefore, their cheaper photocopies were a relief to her. \"The contents in both the pieces are the same,\" she pointed out.The copyright laws also apply to the books and manuscripts available in the libraries and, as such, only one third of the total pages from the books and manuscripts in libraries can be photocopied. However, this too is observed more in violations than compliance. \"Many students visit my shop almost every day carrying books procured from their college or department library to get them photocopied,\" said Ram Narayan, owner of a stationer's and photocopy shop at Buddha Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17355208", "title": "Jethmalani slams BJP for attack on new CBI director", "text": "NEW DELHI: Embarrassing BJP again in quick succession, the party's Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani on Saturday attacked the party for criticizing the appointment of new CBI director and said the government's decision has \"averted national calamity\".A day after leaders of Opposition in Parliament Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley wrote a strongly-worded letter to PM Manmohan Singh demanding that the decision regarding the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as CBI director be \"kept in abeyance\", he alleged that BJP's criticism of the government was \"instigated\" by the \"most undesirable rival\" of Sinha.Reacting to Jethmalani's continued barbs against the party and its chief Nitin Gadkari , BJP on Saturday indicated it may take disciplinary action against him. \"Jethmalani has been making statements against the BJP president and has now spoken against the two Leaders of the Opposition. We completely deny his charges against them. The party has taken serious note of his statements and strong action will be taken at the appropriate time,\" said BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain.The eminent lawyer's attack on his party was lapped up by the government with information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari saying he rarely agrees with him and this was one such instance.Jethmalani, who recently went public with his demand for the resignation of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, hailed the government's decision saying, \"for a change, (it) has averted national calamity\".\"....I was astonished to read that BJP has attacked the Prime Minister and the Congress party for what the party calls the fast tracked appointment of Mr Ranjit Sinha as the director of CBI,\" the veteran parliamentarian said in a letter addressed to Gadkari, copies of which were marked to the PM and the media.\"I regret that this criticism is a result of complete ignorance of relevant facts and has been instigated by a most undesirable rival who had to withdraw his petition before the CAT on Friday as a result of the appointment,\" Jethmalani said.Swaraj and Jaitey had written in their letter to the PM that the appointment of new CBI director should not have been done when the Rajya Sabha select committee had recommended that such appointments should be done through a collegium.The PM had rejected BJP's demand to hold in abeyance appointment of Sinha as CBI chief and termed as \"unwarranted\" insinuation the charge that the decision was to preempt the procedure recommended by the select committee on Lokpal.Jethmalani said \"the rival has powerful friends everywhere who do not know what a disaster it would have been if he could manage to become Director of CBI in place of Mr. Sinha.\"BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy maintained that the appointment of Sinha was \"suspect\" because the government was also committed to passing the new Lokpal Bill which talks of setting up a collegium for making appointments to posts like CBI director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356756", "title": "Youths take part in tree-climbing camp", "text": "MYSORE: Farmers and unemployed youths from rural areas form a major chunk when it comes to attending coconut-palm tree climbing training camp.To generate employment among the rural youths, Coconut Development Board (CDB), in association with JSS Krishi Vigyan Kendra, organized a camp in the district. The participants were trained to climb the trees with safety device like coconut-palm climbing device.Speaking about the camp to STOI, CDB deputy director Vijay Kumar said it was held to create self-employment opportunities for youths and to help farmers who find it difficult to get labourers. \"CDB gives training at its 12 centres across the state. This is for the first time that the training is conducted in a big scale,\" he claimed.The camp for the first batch of 20 youths in 18-40 age group ended on Saturday. \"Youths from across the district were part of the camp. The registration for the next three batches has already been done. With many showing interest in the camp, we want to take it further,\" he added.The camp is expected to generate employment for youths. As there is less number of labourers, they can be self-employed. They can even form a team and render their services in different villages of the district.Nataraj Kumar H M, a trainee from Hulimavu village, said: \"Training is useful as there are less labourers. I did not know how to climb a tree. But I find it is easy now. I can pluck coconuts in my farm, and that of others too.\"The trainees were given free boarding facility and stay allowance on a daily basis. After the training, they were provided with a coconut-palm climbing device and a certificate. At the camp, the youths were trained in palm climbing, coconut cultivation, plant conservation, nutrients management and drip-irrigation method. They were also trained in yoga, meditation and personality development. They were informed about the loan facility provided by banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17358410", "title": "Gill criticises IOC on IOA elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former sports minister MS Gill on Sunday lambasted the International Olympic Committee for threatening to suspend India and said the country should not be \"frightened of paper tigers\" who are rejecting electoral reforms in the IOA despite following them in their own case.The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections that are scheduled next month are embroiled in controversy and the IOC is threatening to suspend India if government guidelines on age and tenure limitation are implemented.The IOC says the IOA elected should be conducted minus any government interference.Gill, however, rejected the IOC's stand, saying it smacks of \"sports imperialism\".\"There has been a continuing malady in Indian sports management, which everyone is conscious of. Heavy political presence, unlimited continuous tenure from 20 years to 40 years, invariably without any sports background,\" he said in a statement.Gill recalled how efforts by former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi to bring in reforms in the sports governance were scuttled.\"The IOA people led by their then chairman, all pressed the fear of the IOC action in their defence, and suggested to the PM not to do anything.\"Rajiv Gandhi rejected their threat and said let the IOC ban us. We will use money spent on all of you for coaching of young sports persons. I have this knowledge from the then Union Sports Minister, who especially telephoned me to tell me and urge me to carry out the reforms. I dug out the minutes of 1987 meeting,\" he claimed.Gill said putting a cap on age and tenure of IOA office-bearers is an idea lifted from the IOC only.\"I limited the president's tenure to 12 years and executive members' tenure to 8 years. These, in fact, I copied from the IOC's own regulations,\" he said.\"I aligned India to the IOC's own regulations, and issued an order immediately applicable to IOA and all federations. (But) the IOA's then President and then Secretary General, played the same old game, went to IOC HQs in Lausanne, and encouraged them to attack India's patently good policy decision, which was the same as their own,\" he added.\"The IOC started raising objections to me, saying we should not do it, and in fact, we should also stop the High Court. How can this be possible? We have to obey the Constitution and the law. What was good practice for the IOC was being sought to be blocked in India.\"Gill attacked the IOC for trying to intimidate India. \"They (the IOC) do not like to annoy their voters in any manner. I also see that there is clear sports imperialism of the west in all games. The control over each game, is essentially with the western world. Political imperialism has gone but not sports imperialism,\" he said.\"The IOC's current pressure is part of the same old game, and I see an Indian hand behind it, as in my time. I hope the Indian authorities will not cave in on spurious arguments. For myself, I say this: don't be frightened, they are paper tigers,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356223", "title": "King George's Medical University celebrates its 108th foundation day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 108th foundation day of King George's Medical University was held on Saturday. On the occasion, the meritorious students were awarded medals, cash prize and certificates. In total 107 awards were given to students. Besides students, teachers were felicitated with 'certificate of appreciation'. The teachers who were given certificates were Prof Pradeep Tandon (dental), Prof PK Sharma (anatomy), Prof Vinita Singh (ophthalmology), Prof Punita Manik (anatomy), Prof Narsingh Verma (physiology), Prof Shally Awasthi (paediatrics), Dr Pavitra Rastogi (dental), Dr Amita Pandey (obstetrics and gynaecologist), Dr Jyotsna Agarwal (microbiology) and Dr SK Singh (CTVS).Prof Hari Gautam, former vice-chancellor of KGMU and BHU was the chief guest. Speaking on the occasion, he advised the students that if their attitude is sincere towards their job, then they can avoid incidents of violence. He asked them to work hard, achieve target, be focused and dream big.Similarly, Dr Devika Nag, former head of KGMU's neurology department was the guest of honour. She said that teachings taught in the classrooms are of vital importance.Quoting her example, she said that with new technologies coming everyday, she still depends on her classroom learning, as they are still relevant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354815", "title": "Nagpur University yet to declare ME/MTech timetable", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University is yet to declare the examination timetable for ME/MTech courses which are in the eye of a storm following NU's attempts to allegedly legalize hundreds of illegal admissions made by the private engineering colleges. NU had deferred the postgraduate examination even when no demand was made, as its administration led by VC Vilas Sapkal bowed down to the dictates of local politicians.On the other hand, NU published the timetable for most of its other examinations by Friday. This includes that of BTech first year (Biotech, chemical engineering and chemical technology) which will start from December 27, while that of BArch first year will begin from December 26. However, it is yet to revise its BE fourth semester timetable. Schedule for the other BE semesters (First to eighth) were declared on Thursday itself.TOI had reported as to how NU postponed the entire engineering exams to legalize the alleged illegal admissions made by private colleges in the MTech/ME courses, as they got affiliation only as late as on October 30. NU sources revealed that these colleges also flouted norms by conducting their classes in the evening despite the fact that part time ME/MTech was being banned by AICTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17356445", "title": "Meet of kids with brittle bone disease", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Around 30 children affected by Osteogenesis Imperfecta (brittle bone disease) will gather at the capital on November 30, December 1 and 2 to share their talent, joy and pain.The meet coordinated by Amrithavarshini, a non-governmental organization working for the welfare of those afflicted by Osteogenesis Imperfecta , is organizing the meet. The get together will begin with a dinner to be hosted for the children by actor Suresh Gopi.\"I have been in touch with the group for some time. When they told me that they needed to organize a get together, I thought I should also contribute to the cause of those suffering children, who are mostly confined to their houses,\" Suresh Gopi told TOI. The dinner would be hosted at government guest house at Thycaud.\"We have around 65 members in our organization, out of which 30 are in the age group of 18 to 21. Though they are mostly from economically poor family background, most of them are highly talented in painting, making handicrafts, bag, umbrella, etc.\" said Latha Nair, patron of Amrithavarshini.The children will also be taken for a city ride in KSRTC's double decker bus to tourist spots like Sanghumugham beach and Veli tourist village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17356491", "title": "Bokaro hospital to get eye bank", "text": "BOKARO: Those willing to donate their eyes may not have to look any further as Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) has got the green signal from the state government to open an eye bank here. With this, BGH will become the first hospital in SAIL, to have an eye bank with doctors performing cornea transplantation.K Vidyasagar, the principal secretary of the department of health, medical education and family welfare, has given the go ahead to the 910-bedded BGH for setting up its own eye bank. BGH had sought its permission earlier in January this year.The certificate issued by the health department says that the hospital will perform organ transplantation following procedures, processes and conditions, as prescribed in the appropriate section of the Transplantation of Human Organs Act 1994 and 1995.\"The letter of approval from the state government was presented to Anutosh Maitra, CEO, Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL); A K Singh, director, BGH; and Sanjay Choudhary, joint director (ophthalmology),\" said Manikant Dhan, spokesperson, BSL. The ophthalmology department of BGH already has a well-equipped laboratory with necessary infrastructure and technical support. The hospital has also been receiving several requests from people willing to donate their eyes for a long time. With the setting up of the proposed eye bank, people will be able to avail of such facilities in BGH itself, said Dhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356396", "title": "DRDO develops H1N1 detection kits", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) claims to have readied detection kits which can detect H1N1 virus faster and at a lower cost than what the conventional tests do.W Selvamurthy, chief controller of R&D;, DRDO, told reporters here that the kits were recently tested by Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). Most importantly, the kits can be used even in places where electricity is in short supply since they don't need sophisticated instruments.\"Our kit was compared with the traditional test of the Centre for Disease Control (CDC) recommended real-time Reverse Transcriptase (RT) Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test system. The conventional test takes 8 to 10 hours. We could detect within less than 2 hours. They are priced at around Rs 8,000, while ours will cost less than Rs 2,000. Moreover, these were even more sensitive in detecting the presence of the disease than the other. Out kids could detect around 10% more cases that the others could not. Later checks, proved that our tests had got it right,\" said Selvamurthy.DRDO has developed the kit as an independent diseases detection kit, primarily to be used by soldiers in the field. A final approval has to come from ICMR before the kit can be marketed.According to V M Katoch, director general, ICMR, the test results have been positive and encouraging. \"I'm happy to say that the results are encouraging. They have made the modification we had suggested,\" he said.Selvamurthy said DRDO is developing test kits for several diseases which can have wider and multiple applications.This is much needed since infections like those caused by H1N1 and dengue has been on the rise in the state in recent times. There have been at least 9 H1NI deaths in the Coimbatore region this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17356814", "title": "Decks cleared for Eflu campus in Panakkad", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Decks have been cleared for setting up the proposed English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) campus at Panakkad in Malappuram. Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahamed, who visited the proposed site of the university centre on Saturday, said the Kerala finance department would give final nod to the project on Monday.The project, which was submitted for the concurrence of the finance department, was delayed mainly due to the complications in the official procedures of finance department during last several months. The uncertainty over the ownership of the proposed land for the campus also caused the delay. It is learnt that P Ubaidulla, MLA held a detailed discussion with the finance department officials in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday and completed the procedures for receiving the final approval for the project.Minister E Ahamed, who made the effort to bring the centre in Malappuram when he was MoS for HRD, will hold a discussion with the Eflu vice-chancellor in New Delhi on Monday.\"The classes in the university will begin most probably in the 2014-15 academic year. Department for Arabic and Persian languages will be established in the beginning. English and some other foreign languages will also be taught in the university\", said the minister. ' He said a proposal to set up skill development centre for minorities is in the consideration of planning commission. A sum of Rs 95 crore has already been allotted for the project which may also come up in Panakkad. \"The project comes under the Sachar Commission's proposal to constitute skill development institutions for minorities,\" the minister added. Malappuram MLA P Ubaidulla said the project will receive green signal from the finance department within two days.\"The department has already completed the procedures for the concurrence and it would be officially announced soon,\" he said.It was in last August that the cabinet committee meeting decided to take back the 75 acres at Panakkad, from the Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) and to hand it over to the education department for setting up the Eflu campus. But there was confusion regarding the ownership of the land. Government had earlier given the land to KSIDC for industrial purposes. But as the Inkel started a project there, it was pointed out that the land ownership would be a major hurdle if it was decided to hand over the land directly to the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17354278", "title": "MLA, driver injured in road mishap", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Prasanta Muduli, the sitting legislator of Ersama- Balikuda assembly constituency, sustained injuries in a road accident on Saturday.The lawmaker's vehicle turned turtle when a Cuttack-bound jeep hit it at Barada Chhack on the Jagatsinghpur-Kandarpur road near Biridi in Jagatsinghpur district. The accident took place when Muduli was going to Balikuda from Bhubaneswar to attend the annual function of a school. The MLA sustained injuries on his head and legs. His driver, Susanta Nayak, also sustained injuries.Police have seized both the vehicles and arrested Rakesh Bastia, driver of the other jeep, said officer in-charge of Biridi police station Sabita Majhi. The injured MLA and his driver were rushed to a local hospital for treatment. Later, they were shifted to a private nursing home in Bhubaneswar. The condition of the two injured is stable and doctors advised them to take rest, said one of the MLA's relatives.Prasanta Muduli sustained injuries on his head and legs after his vehicle turned turtle when a Cuttack-bound jeep hit it at Barada Chhack in Jagatsinghpur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354931", "title": "New innovation ups ginning productivity by 20%", "text": "NAGPUR: Scientists at the Ginning Training Centre (GTC), a unit of the Central Institute for Research in Cotton Technology (Circot) have added a new dimension to the ginning industry. Their innovation has replaced the conventional double roller ginning machine which uses leather as grooving system with a rubber roller system increasing the ginning productivity by 15-20% besides various other advantages over the existing machine.The new 'rubber roller ginning machine' was formally inaugurated by the director general of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) S Ayyappan on Saturday morning at the GTC. The machine has been developed under a public private partnership with Thrissur-based Millennium Rubber Technologies Pvt Ltd. It is an extremely good alternative to existing machine in many ways.The innovation comes from SK Shukla and VG Arude from GTC. But the Thrissur firm which has commercialized the technology will be manufacturing it while Circot has patented the innovation and has got the technology transfer money and royalty for the designing.Ayyappan visited all the ICAR institutes (CICR, NRCC, NBBS&LUP;) in city and inaugurated various facilities there. He also inaugurated breeding support lab of Ankur Seeds Pvt Ltd and an excellence centre of PDKV.The deputy director general of Crop Sciences in ICAR Swapan Kumar Datta, former chairman of Agriculture Scientists Recruitment Board CD Mayee, Circot director SK Chattopadhayay, head technology transfer Circot PG Patil, CICR director Keshav Kranthi, NRCC director VJ Shivankar, NBBSS&LUP; director Dipak Sarkar and PDKV VC R G Dani were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17357336", "title": "Worked from 8am to 10 pm to win IGT: Bivash dancers", "text": "Another season of India's Got Talent on Colors' came to an end in a spectacular way! With the star cast of Jab Tak Hain Jaan gracing the stage with judges Karan Johar , Farah Khan, Kirron Kher and Malaika Arora Khan, it had to be a sizzling evening!And on the finale day, from the top finalists, it was the Bivash kids from the Bivash dance academy who walked away the coveted trophy and the grand prize. Comprising of Maraju Sumath (13) from Bhuvaneshwar and Sonali Majumdar (7) from Bonga, West Bengal, and the two won over judges with their salsa performance. Says Maraju, \"Initially Salsa was tough because there were so many lifts and Sonali was also so small. Both Sonali and I would practice from 8am to 10pm and it was this hard work that bore us fruit.\" Adding, \"Because we both supported each other, the dance became easy. Today, Salsa is my favourite dance form.\"Both the cute little dancers have been winning accolades from the judges throughout. Says Maraju, \"All the judges on the show have been kind and we got a standing ovation all the time, but Karan sir remains my favourite. He called me and Sonali Kamal Hassan and Sridevi. That was a huge compliment. He said watching us dance was like watching a 3D performance and that's not possible with humans.\"With the cash prize, Maraju says he will go to a better school and invest in learning more dance forms. For 7 year old Sonali, she's happy to make her parents proud. \"I came from a place near the Bangladesh border and have worked very hard. I was happy to dance with Shahrukh sir and I beat the whole country to be here, as the winner on the India's Got Talent stage. I want to grow up to be dancer\".All we can say after watching Sonali and Maraju, India's truly got talent!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356566", "title": "Man, friends get life imprisonment for murder", "text": "KANPUR: An additional district and session court of Kanpur Dehat on Saturday convicted a husband named Dheeraj and his two friends for killing Dheeraj's sister-in-law and attempting to murder his wife, and sentenced them to life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 22000 on each.Dheeraj's friends have been identified as Anil Kumar and Son u alias Mohit, an MBBS student. The presiding judge Santosh Kumar Pandey in his order observed that the accused had committed a heinous crime and they were not liable for any leniency. Life imprisonment would therefore be appropriate sentence for them, he said.According to additional district government counsel Phool Singh Yadav, Vineeta, daughter of Ram Kishore of Palpur in Kanpur Dehat was married to Dheeraj, resident of Majhgaon village in Farrukhabad district on May 31, 2010. Dheeraj had sent Vineeta back to her parents' house just three days after marriage.Dheeraj contacted Vineeta on June 30, 2010 and asked her to come to Bheetargaon for a discussion. Vineeta reached there along with her cousin Pratima. Dheeraj and his friend Sonu took the two girls to Dargahi Lalpur where Anil Kumar joined them. Dheeraj then took Vineeta to an isolated place on pretext of a discussion and there he forcibly injected a drug into her body. As soon as she fell unconscious, Dheeraj fired on her head and left the place. Thereafter, all the three shot Pratima, who died on the spot. The gunshot sounds attracted villagers and they rushed to the scene.Though the accused managed to ran away from the spot, the villagers found Vineeta in an injured state and rushed her to the hospital. Vineeta survived to state the deed of her husband and his friends. All the three were later arrested by the police. She adduced before the court that her husband and his friends killed her cousin Pratima and had made an unsuccessful attempt to kill her too.Meanwhile in another judgment, the special metropolitan magistrate Shaqueel Ur Rehman convicted one Govind Trivedi under negotiable instrument Act (cheque bouncing) and punished him with a fine of Rs 17 lakh and imprisonment of one year.According to court file, complainant Nitin Shukla had invested a sum of Rs 6.90 lakhs in Govind Trivedi's firm, where Govind later appointed him as a supervisor. A dispute had taken place after some time and Govind issued a cheque of Rs 11.50 lakh in favour of Nitin Shukla on August 13, 2006. The said cheque was not honoured by the bank. Nitin once again presented the cheque before the bank on Govind's behest, but this time again, the cheque bounced . Nitin thereafter instituted the court case against Govind and his firm.Tempo driver booked for stalking girl: A tempo driver was arrested for harassing a girl student of a government polytechnic on Saturday. \"Tempo driver Dinesh Shukla used to stalk the girl and misbehaved with her in public on several occasions. The victim brought the matter to the notice of her family members who registered an FIR against the accused,\" informed a police official at Barra police station.The incident comes close on the heels of a harassment case in which a senior citizen was arrested for allegedly making obscene calls to a lady tutor. Suresh Agarwal was arrested following a complaint made by a woman residing in Chakeri area on Women Power helpline 1090, after which deputy inspector general of police Amitabh Yash directed the police station concerned to book Agarwal on molestation charges. \"Agarwal was harassing the lady tutor for the past couple of years. He not only used to make obscene calls, but also stalked her sent her vulgar text messages. He also tried to blackmail her by procuring her phone call details. Police traced Agarwal's location after analysing the call details and raided his Pardevanpurwa house on Saturday. He was taken into custody and booked under various sections of the IPC besides molestation charges following the woman's complaint on Friday,\" said a senior official heading the Women Power helpline cell. The officer said Agarwal is a reputed businessman and the lady teacher used to take private tuitions of his grandchildren. Police claimed he started harassing the woman.ADVOCATES PROTEST: Advocates of two district courts - Kanpur nagar and Ramabai nagar on Saturday abstained themselves from court proceedings to lodge their protest against the police's lethargic attitude towards advocates. The two associations Kanpur Bar Association and The Lawyers Association in a combined move declared strike after discussing the issue. They said that role of city police for advocates was dubious. The cops were not acting fast on complaints of advocates. A couple of days before some local goons had injured an advocate by inflicting knife and last night an advocate was thrashed by local men. To draw the attention of senior police officials, the two associations decided to observe one day strike and demanded immediate action against the culprits of both cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356099", "title": "New-age conmen on the prowl", "text": "JAIPUR: Gone are the days of using old tricks to dupe people of their hard-earned money and valuables. A whole new breed of imposters is taking the residents and police for a ride.Stealing jewellery on the pretext of cleaning them or distracting a person to run away with his wallet may look very childish when compared to the well-planned and meticulous ways in which new-age fraudsters are duping people.A few days ago, an FIR was lodged against a call centre firm in Malviya Nagar for promising its 15 employees of high-flying jobs in UK. The company directors did not pay them two-month salary instead took money from them for preparing passport and visa documents.A fraudster, posing as an IAS officer, even managed to gain entry into chief minister's office.While residents blame the rise of such instances on lack of preventive measures by the police, the latter say the onus is on people to not fall prey to such frauds.\"With the rising prosperity, more people are now on the radar of fraudsters. If one takes into consideration the recent incidents of economic frauds, most people have been duped by false promises of unrealistic returns on their investment,\" an officer said.The multi-level marketing firm Gold Sukh duped several hundreds of investors by promising them manifold returns on investment.Some pose as high-level officials and provide false assurances of high-salaried jobs to gullible residents. \"A man posing as an IAS officer duped people on the pretext of getting them jobs. He claimed that he worked with the Prime Minister's office. Some RAS officers too fell into the trap. People should ask that why a person working with the PMO would roam around the city offering jobs,\" an officer said, insisting on awareness on the part of residents.In the case of the BPO firm duping employees, the officer said, \"If any of the employees had guessed how an employer who can not even pay salary can get them jobs abroad, the conmen would not have been able to dupe them.\"Similarly, police cite negligence on part of the prominent-city based jeweller who was duped of 4 kg gold worth nearly Rs 1.25 crore on October 20. The accused, pretending to be owners of a firm named Mehta Investment, called the jeweller's son to their office in Shalimar Complex saying that they would buy gold bars from them. On the pretext of checking whether the gold was genuine, they went into another cabin and disappeared.According to the police, most of these fraudsters come from other states including UP, Bihar, MP and Delhi.\"Earlier, the fraudsters belonged to state's Mewat region. They would sell fake gold or steal some gold from the jewellery on the pretext of cleaning them. But now, a whole new bread of fraudsters and imposters has cropped up in the city,\" said the officer.The officer added, \"The cultural habit of wearing gold and valuable jewellery outside home is a major draw for fraudsters in Rajasthan. In many other cities, people have gradually realized that one must try and avoid wearing gold jewellery at crowded places.\"Precautionary steps can help-Don't believe in unrealistic investment schemes even if it is offered by a brand or company you have been hearing about-Don't fall into the trap of fraudulent placement companies which assure guaranteed jobs especially to go abroad. Make enquiries before applying.-Never hand over your jewellery to someone posing as a policeman at public places.-Be very careful and double check the credentials of people at the time of making any deals related to jewellery and other valuablesRecent incidentsNov 17: FIR registered against a fraudulent call centre company in Malviya Nagar for promising its 15 employees and some other customers jobs in UK and duping them of Rs 6 lakh. The company directors did not pay salary to the employees for two months, instead took money from them on the pretext of procuring their passport and visaNov 2: A man posing as an IAS officer working in the PMO even managed to visit the CMO. Some government employees, including an Rajasthan Administrative Service (RAS) officer, sought his help to get transferred owing to his influence at the PMO.Sep 11: City police busted a UP-based gang involved in selling fake silver slabs. The modus operandi shocked even the police as the slabs had a layer of genuine silver, with zinc was stuffed inside them. The gang used to tamper with the slabs hologrammed by the sarafa market in Jaipur.Oct 20: Three persons, including a woman, duped a prominent Jaipur-based jeweller Satyanaryan Mosun, owner of JKJ &amp; Sons situated at MI Road of 4 kg of gold worth nearly Rs 1.25 crore on October 20.April 23: An Army jawan arrested for striking a Rs 12 crore deal with a property dealer in Jaipur for a fake magic mirror of East India Company. The man claimed that the mirror had magical powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355594", "title": "Listen to the world of techies on this audio", "text": "'Reboot' is the name techie Sunil Koshy chose for India's first audio film. Taking inspiration from radio plays, which entertained lakhs of listeners across India in the days before 24-hour TV channels took over, Koshy, along with composer Sameer Kulkarni from the Kannada music industry, conceptualized Reboot as a film that would unfold entirely through the medium of audio.The 40-minute semi-autobiographical 'film' in Kannada, interspersed with English, follows the journey of an engineering student as he graduates, takes up a job in IT, lands up in techie dreamland USA. It charts the personal and emotional growth of this character as he meets people, makes mistakes and realizes deep truths about the way he wants to lead his life. All this is achieved through sharp dialogues and six songs sung by Koshy, 35, a trained classical vocalist. \"The songs are the backbones of the narrative and help to take it forward,\" says Koshy, who is justifiably proud of the fact that well-known Kannada writers, such as poet Jayanth Kaikini, agreed to put words to his music.Koshy, who has spent more than a decade in the IT industry and worked with some top-notch firms such as Synergy, HP and Unisys , today works at another well-known tech company. But even as he earned his living as a software programmer, the Abu Dhabi-born Koshy, whose family moved to Belgaum when he was 18, continued to work on his music, taking long sabbaticals to immerse himself in vocal training. \"You could say there have been many reboots in my life,\" says Koshy, with a laugh. \"We chose this name because not only does it have an immediate association with computing, it indicates a fresh start,\" he adds.Equipped with a glimmer of an idea for the audio film, Koshy's plans were firmed up when he met composer and sound designer Sameer Kulkarni, whose album Urban Lads has been hugely popular, and who uses many international forms such as hip-hop, rap and reggae in his music. The music of Reboot reflects this as well, and each of its six tracks has a distinctive sound derived from a particular musical genre.Once the idea was in place, Koshy and four of his friends pooled in resources to create a media company Vibhinna Creations, which produced their first venture, Reboot. \"One of our main aims with this film is to show how much can be communicated through sound alone; that it is possible to tell a story and evoke a sense of setting, mood and emotions without the visual element,\" says Koshy. The response to the trailer of the film and the songs have been very encouraging, he says, and most techies who have heard it find a lot in it to identify with. Koshy is hoping the film will reach out to a wider audience when its CD is out in stores later this week.Refreshing creationI was happy to work for a non-film project like Reboot, especially one that put little restriction on my creativity. Reboot reflects the lives of techies, their dreams and the little things they share in their corporate lifestyle. This is a fresh attempt and is the first of its kind in Kannada. The story is contemporary and relevant to our times. Sunil Koshy's singing has a special soul which instantly connects to the listener. Sameer's music and the sound design are also very apt and fresh.Jayanth Kaikini | poet and lyricist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356608", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSnatching\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 that never was", "text": "LUDHIANA: A Rs 7 lakh snatching case registered on Friday night turned upside down when the incident turned out to be a drama enacted by an employee to usurp money received through hawala transaction.The incident, which actually involved Rs 60 lakh, has put cops on tenterhooks as they suspect that such instances may not be uncommon in the city. Police had registered a snatching case on the complaint of Somnath, a resident of Bal Singh Nagar, on Friday night. He reported that he was carrying Rs 7 lakh cash that belonged to his employer. The cash, he said, was given to him by 'Chacha', a worker of Sanjay Tangdi, the owner of Western Moneychanger in Gudmandi from Cheema Chowk. It was on his way back with his associate Prabhjot Singh alias Sabi, a resident of Phillaur, that the money was allegedly snatched by three persons who also hit them, he claimed.However, it was after registering a case against unidentified accused that the police got suspicious about the incident. During questioning, Somnath confessed that the snatching was a drama he enacted to usurp the money, along with five other accomplices. Further questioning revealed that that the actual amount involved was not Rs 7 lakh but Rs 60 lakh.\"Somnath admitted to the police that he gave a figure of Rs 7 lakh to the cops on the directions of his employer, Raj Kumar Sandhu, a property dealer and a resident of Phillaur who has an office in Sunder Nagar. The money had come through hawala transaction from Bangalore and was to be delivered somewhere, which still is a matter of probe,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17357724", "title": "Factory fire kills over 100 in Bangladesh", "text": "DHAKA: Over 100 people were killed overnight after a fire engulfed a multi-story garment factory on the outskirts of Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, officials said today.The fire broke out in the ground-floor warehouse of the multi-storey Tazreen Fashion factory, 30 km north of Dhaka, last evening, trapping hundreds of workers on the upper floors.\"The toll exceeded 100, I fear toll could rise as bodies are still being retrieved,\" an army official told reporters.Witnesses said the fire at the six-story factory in started on the ground floor and quickly spread to others parts causing the worst fire tragedy in recent years.Fire service officials earlier said several workers of the factory were trapped inside and took shelter on the rooftop of the structure awaiting rescuers while efforts were underway to extinguish the blaze.Television footages showed army troops and fire service rescuers bringing out bodies one after another from the debris as hundreds of people including relatives of the victims waiting outside.Witnesses said the fire spread quickly, prompting army troops from nearby Savar Cantonment to join the rescue campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354706", "title": "Maharashtra offers land to ICT for expansion", "text": "MUMBAI: Expansion plans of the Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT) may soon fructify as the state government will offer it a piece of land to set up a satellite campus.Addressing the gathering on the institute's 80th Foundation Day on Saturday, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope said that his office had identified three pieces of land and the ICT could choose one to set up an extended campus.This deemed university, which started off as a university department in 1933, currently operates from its 16-acre campus in Matunga. \"The state will also set aside funds for deemed universities to support their expansion plans in this year's budget,\" said Tope. He has also promised to review vacancies and non-teaching staff positions and pass a government resolution to that effect by next week.Recently awarded the elite badge, ICT wants to set up an undergraduate centre for research, a food procession centre and a technology incubation cell among others. ICT's chancellor R A Mashelkar said India's institutes needed to rise to the next level. Mashelkar, who was on the Anil Kakodkar panel, said that Tope had told him that the three reports on reforming state's higher education would be implemented from January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360872", "title": "'Big Bang Theory' star Mayim Bialik splits with hubby of 9 years", "text": "'Big Bang Theory' actress Mayim Bialik is divorcing her husband of nine years, it has been revealed.The 36-year-old actress made the announcement of the split from hubby Michael Stone on her blog on the parenting site Kveller.\"After much consideration and soul-searching, Michael and I have arrived at the decision to divorce due to 'Irreconcilable Differences',\" News.com.au quoted her as writing.\"Divorce is terribly sad, painful and incomprehensible for children. It is not something we have decided lightly,\" she wrote.Bialik shares two sons Miles, 7, and Frederick, 4 with Stone and is a vocal advocate for \"attachment parenting.\"\"The hands-on style of parenting we practice played no role in the changes that led to this decision; relationships are complicated no matter what style of parenting you choose,\" Bialik said.\"The main priority for us now is to make the transition to two loving homes as smooth and painless as possible. Our sons deserve parents committed to their growth and health and that's what we are focusing on.\"Our privacy has always been important and is even more so now, and we thank you in advance for respecting it as we negotiate this new terrain,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354172", "title": "Meenal Thakur claims National 9-ball pool title", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's Meenal Thakur and third seed Rafat Habib of Railway Sports Promotion Board emerged champions as the women's and men's National 9-ball pool champion.Mumbai-based cueist Meenal quashed the aspirations of Karnataka's Judy Walia by posting a 6-3 victory in the race-to-six frames final contest of the NSCI-National 8-ball &amp; 9-ball Pool Championship, 2012, at the National Sports Club, Worli on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354875", "title": "CP sets benchmark in preventive action", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay may have received flak from different sections of the society for an alleged spurt in crime in the city. But the top cop's strong-willed actions against the criminals underlined a diligent strategy adopted in maintaining law and order.With five cases of the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA), the top cop's policy of clamping down on the criminal activities with the preventive action seems to have added a feather in his cap. Dhanvijay is set to retire on November 30.The detection of critical cases like the murder of engineering student Monica Kirnapure and the attack on a RSS functionary was the highlight of his tenure in Nagpur. Dhanvijay targeting the criminals with preventive actions like externment, Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act (MPDA) and other such provisions set a record with 8274 such cases till September this year, the highest since 1996. The city police had recorded 8379 cases till September last year.\"We have managed to bring down the incidents of murder in the city by almost 25%,\" said Dhanvijay.The city police externed 93 criminals for minimum one year and some even up to two years. This is the highest in the last 16 years. Alert cops also slapped punitive actions against 133 such externed criminals who had tried to sneak into the city. Another 530 cases have been prepared against suspicious persons till September this year which too is a record.Till September this year, the city police had slapped section 110 Criminal procedure code (CrPc) against 1570 criminals.Niyazuddin Ansari was slapped with the MPDA which was sanctioned by the CP on Friday. \"Around two dozens of MPDA proposals were sanctioned by me in the last couple of years. In one of the cases, we had to fight the proposal till the Supreme Court,\" he said.Dhanvijay said that he had ensured that cops slap stringent MCOCA against chain-snatchers' gang too. \"Almost a dozen chain-snatchers are languishing in jail,\" said Dhanvijay talking about the challenge to curb the crime of chain-snatching which has been afflicting city in the last couple of years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17354733", "title": "TMC worker killed in Nanoor clash", "text": "SURI: A 32-year-old Trinamool worker was killed in an alleged clash between two warring factions of the party on Saturday.A clash broke out at Poshla village under Nanoor police station when Rejaul Seikh and a few others were allegedly attacked by some supporters of block-level leader Ashok Ghosh. On seeing his brother being attacked, Arman Seikh rushed to his aid, but was injured severely. Locals said that both Arman and Rejaul were known to be supporters of block-level leader Subrata Bhattacharya. The victim was first taken to a local health centre and later referred to Bolpur sub-divisional hospital where he was declared brought dead.Bhattacharya alleged, \"Arman was an old worker of Trinamool. They were attacked by those who had recently joined our party from CPM. They attacked us following a dispute in the village sansad.\" Ghosh, however, refuted the charge and said \"miscreants\" backed by Bhattacharya had assaulted his supporters.Birbhum SP Murlidhar Sharma said, \"A formal complaint is yet to be registered. We can confirm the detail only after receiving the formal complaint.The doctors told us that apparently some bomb-splinter injuries were found on the victim's body. It isn't yet clear whether firearms were used.\"On the other hand Ashok Ghosh alleged , ' A group of miscreants backed by Subrata Bhattacharya attacked our party members.'One Arman Seikh [32]was allegedly killed in a clash in between two factions of TMC at Poshla village under Nanoor police station area on Saturday afternoon. According to local sources when Rejaul Seikh , the elder bother of Arman and some others were working in a field a group of men from their rival faction attacked them .Arman came forward to save them. He was injured and taken to the local health centre in very critical condition. He was later shifted to Bolpur subdivision hospital where the doctors declared him dead. Arman and others were known in the locality as the supporters of Subrata Bhattachraya , a block level leader of Trinamool Congress .They had long standing rivalry with the group of another block level leader of Nanoor- Ashok Ghosh. Both the leaders raised finger against each other for creating trouble in the area. Bhattachraya said, ' Arman Seikh was an old worker of Trinamool Congress. They were attacked by those who had recently joined our party from CPI(M). They attaked us following a dispute in the village sansad.'On the other hand Ashok Ghosh alleged , ' A group of miscreants backed by Subrata Bhattacharya attacked our party members.' Though locals told that firearms were used during the clash neither police nor the TMC leaders admitted this. But police neither confirmed the motive nor any political affiliation of the deceased. On Saturday evening , Murlidhar Sharma, SP, Birbhum said, ' The formal complaint is yet to be registered. We can confirm the detail only after receiving the formal complaint. But our officers rushed to the spot immediately after the clash. The doctors told that apparently some bomb-splinter injuries were found in the dead body. It is not yet clear whether firearms were used.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354580", "title": "Engineer, 21, killed in freak Metro accident", "text": "GURGAON: A 21-year-old engineer was killed after being hit by an iron beam that sprung loose from the Rapid Metro corridor under construction at DLF Phase-II on Saturday morning.Vikas Kumar Mehrana, a resident of Baljeet Nagar near Patel Nagar, west Delhi, was riding his bike to office when a 19-foot iron angle fell on him, killing him instantly, eyewitnesses said.Rapid Metro officials denied any negligence on their part, claiming that the accident took place when the biker hit a Metro labourer carrying the iron beam, fell down and received fatal injuries. In their defence, they claimed there was no reason for the beam to be placed on the elevated section because construction work on the stretch was over. But they promised to compensate Mehrana's kin irrespective of what the reason for the accident might have been.Police, who have registered an FIR under Section 304 (a) of the IPC against unnamed Rapid Metro labourers, said it was unclear as to what exactly had happened. Initial findings of a forensic science laboratory (FSL) team suggest that going by the damage on the victim's helmet, a heavy object hit him from a certain height. \"Though most of the eyewitnesses are claiming that the beam hit Vikas from top, we will be able to verify it only after we get the forensic report, expected in two days,\" a senior officer said.Vikas was the only son in the Mehrana family and one of his three sisters is to get married on December 5. \"It is a huge loss for all of us. Now we only want that the investigation be carried out in an unbiased manner. I saw the beam fall on Vikas and even though we rushed him to a nearby hospital, we could not save him. The guilty should be brought to book,\" said Vikas's colleague Shyam Bhagat.The body has been handed over to the family after postmortem.Vikas was employed with the electronics firm IFB Care Company as a service engineer of home appliances and was posted at the Bansilal Enterprises franchise of IFB located at Qutub Plaza, DLF Phase-I, Gurgaon.Around 10.30 am, Vikas was driving under the Rapid Metro station of DLF Phase-II, when he was hit by the beam on his helmet. He immediately fell off his bike in a pool of blood. Locals rushed him to a hospital, where doctors pronounced him brought dead.Ravindra Kumar Bhatnagar, owner of Bansilal Enterprises, also echoed the popular version, saying \"Vikas was coming to his office on his bike when the iron beam fell on him near pillar No. 48. He died on the spot. The accident took place because of the negligence of the Metro management\".The job of the forensic team, the police said, was tough because they found the helmet, Vikas's body and his bike lying some distance from each other. Hence, stringing an accurate sequence of events could prove difficult,\" the policeman said.The Rapid Metro authorities said they would give compensation to the victim's family. \"We are investigating the matter at our end and we will give suitable compensation even if the police investigation confirms it is a road accident,\" said a Metro spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354873", "title": "Procession stalls CST-Byculla traffic", "text": "MUMBAI: Traffic came to a standstill on the CST-Byculla stretch between 6pm and 11pm on Saturday as the police diverted the route owing to Muharram procession that passed below J J flyover. It took over an hour for several Mumbaikars to pass the stretch.A media professional, Sneha Deshpande, left CST at 5pm in a cab and reached Byculla at 6.30pm. \"The traffic police did not allow the cab driver to take the J J flyover, saying that there has been an accident. But below the flyover, it was madness as traffic hardly moved, especially near Bhendi Bazar,\" she said.The Nagpada traffic police, under whose jurisdiction the area falls, said they had divert the traffic as the Muharram procession was to pass from under the flyover. \"A diversion was created from Khada Parsi, from where it was possible to go to Grant Road and Mumbai Central. Those who wanted to go to or from CST, had to take P D'Mello road,\" said A B Kinagi, Nagpada traffic police.Though the procession passed from below the flyover, Sources said the police did not allow vehicles on the flyover for fear of miscreants disrupti8ng the march, which could have incited riots between two Musl8im sects. \"Shia Muslims observed Muharram on Saturday, wh8ile Sunni Muslims will observe it on SundayIf a miscreant so much as pelted a stone on the procession from above the flyover, there would have been fights between the two sects. Because of this, the vehicles were stopped at the flyover,\" said a source from Mumbai police. The Nagpada traffic police said the same diversions will be activated on Sunday between 4pm and 11pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355269", "title": "Trader accused of selling fake goods", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Navrangpura police team raided an electronic goods shop on CG Road and seized fake branded electronic goods worth Rs 39,800 on Friday. The shop owner was arrested by police on Saturday for violation of the Copyrights Act.According to Navrangpura police, after a complaint by Bhupendra Vaghela, a team raided Raju Japan and Japan Consumers near Municipal Market on Friday and seized 14 digital camera chargers and batteries ostensibly made by 'Canon'. On Friday, Bharat Hardasani and Mahendra Oza were caught from the shop.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that Rajesh Lalchandani, owner of the shop, was caught on Saturday in connection with the case. \"Questioning is on to know from where the goods were procured,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356226", "title": "Sachan's wife seeks further investigation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dr Malti Sachan, wife of former deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan who was found dead under mysterious circumstances in the district jail compound during his detention in connection with NRHM related anomalies has strongly ruled out the CBI's theory that her husband had committed suicide. She demanded before a local court that the central agency be directed to conduct further investigation and nab the culprits.Dr Malti submitted detailed objection through her lawyer in the court on Saturday protesting against CBI's closure report. Special magistrate (CBI) Neel Mani Kant Tripathi fixed December 15 for passing orders on the objection.Dr Malti based her objections on the magisterial inquiry report prepared by the chief judicial magistrate. The CJM had made the inquiry as the death had occurred in the judicial custody in jail and as per CrPC every custodial death is probed by a judicial magistrate. She also pointed out the laxity of the CBI and concluded that it had wrongly relied on the medical report, which had suggested that the injuries found on the body of her husband might have been self-inflicted. Recalling the crime scene, Dr Malti said that the CBI theory that Dr Sachan hanged himself by his own belt is false because he never used belt that was allegedly recovered. tnnShe also put the CBI in the dock for its failure to recover the letter in which he had revealed material facts and expressed fear to his life. Dr Sachan's death had rocked the city capital and the high court had entrusted the probe to the CBI, but it closed the case concluding that his death was not a murder and it seemed to a suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17356038", "title": "'Europeans should learn valuable things from India'", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a gap between India and Belgium in understanding the culture of both the countries, said Charly Poppe, secretary of Embassy of Belgium, India, on Saturday. He was speaking after releasing the book, Reconceptualizing India Studies, written by Balagangadhara Rao, director of Ghent University, Belgium, at SDM Law College and Centre for Postgraduate Studies and Research in Law.Stressing the importance of learning culture of different countries, Jakob De Roover, Research Centre Vergelijkende Cultuurwetenschap, Ghent University, said Asian countries learnt natural science and other streams of science from Western countries, but westerners have not learnt about Asian culture. \"Europeans should learn valuable things from India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17356492", "title": "Seminar on future of power to unfold soon", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Brahma Kumaris, a spiritual organization committed to self transformation through mediation and positive thinking, has announced to conduct a comprehensive dialogue on 'The Future of Power' in the city on November 25.The Future of Power (FoP) series of events have so far been held in 13 cities and the proposed event to be held on Sunday is part of this campaign. The FoP dialogue aims at creating awareness of the spiritual power heritages in India and abroad.The conversation, on the theme FoP, will also give rise to a knowledge-base of ideas, insights and best practices in responsible leadership.\"The FoP dialogue will help participants respond to personal and professional challenges ahead,\" said Nizar Juma, an Indian businessman in Nairobi, who is voluntarily associated with Brahma Kumaris FoP campaign for the last few years. Juma also said the current financial crisis indicates a turning point in which US power is on the wane.\"A historic reversal is under way, in which the power is flowing back to India,\" said Juma.However, he said, it requires leaders within India to re-examine their attitude towards power to help restore the central importance of spirituality and elevated action in human affairs. \"Time seems to be calling on us to be at the vanguard of a new kind of leadership - one that is rooted in authentic personal power,\" said Juma.Anthony Phelips, a UK based creative consultant, who is also voluntarily cooperating Brahma Kumaris in its FoP campaign said in few years from now India will emerge as the super power of the world. \"But, before becoming the custodian of world power India needs to overcome its two major problems i.e. poverty and corruption,\" said Phelips, adding that spirituality is a potent tool for self transformation that will ultimately help assist in checking the prevalent corruption in the country to a large extent.The director of the Brahma Kumaris Jamshedpur centre, Brahma Kumari Anju, was also present at the press conference at Beldih Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17360732", "title": "Factory fire, flyover collapse kill 137 in Bangladesh", "text": "DHAKA: At least 137 people were killed and scores injured when a major fire engulfed a multi-storey garment factory on the outskirts of the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka and an under-construction flyover collapsed in the southeastern port city of Chittagong, officials said today.In one of the worst fire tragedies in the country, a blaze broke out at Tazrin Fashion factory in suburban Ashulia Savar, 30km from Dhaka, last night and quickly spread to the ground and first floors of the six-storey building.\"We have so far retrieved 124 bodies (and) rescue campaign is still underway,\" Major Mahbub Hossain, a senior fire service official, told PTI over phone, adding that most of the bodies were found severely charred.General officer commanding of nearby Savar Cantonment Maj Gen Syed Hassan Suhrawardy, who is overseeing the rescue campaign, said the bodies would be kept at a nearby primary school premises from where relatives could take them for burial.Many workers jumped from the factory's upper floors to escape the flames before firefighters arrived to put the blaze out.The cause was not immediately known but such fires are usually blamed on short circuits.Authorities called out extra police force at the scene as angry relatives and fellow workers damaged a fire engine, protesting the delay in dousing the blaze.He said the toll could rise.Flyover collapseIn another incident, an under-construction flyover collapsed in Chittagong, leaving 13 people dead and over 50 injured.At around 8pm last night, three concrete girders of the flyover fell on some people, mostly vegetable vendors, local media reported.A 5-member probe panel has been formed to investigate the incident. It was asked to submit its report within three days.Mohd Abdul Mannan, assistant director of fire service and civil defence, was quoted as saying by Daily Star that 13 people died in the accident.President Zillur Rahman expressed his deep shock and sorrow at loss of lives in the two tragic incidents.In a condolence message, he conveyed his deep sympathies to members of the bereaved families.The President asked the concerned authorities to put in their highest efforts for ensuring proper treatment of the injured people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17354991", "title": "Driving licence plan: Smart cards hit new roadblock", "text": "NOIDA: Gautam Budh Nagar residents will have to wait a little more to get their smart card-based driving licences. The project, which had to be implemented from November, has hit a fresh roadblock. Officials of the Regional Transport Office say the new smart cards will only be issued from January 2013, which is the third phase of the state's project.This is the third time that the DL project has been delayed. In July, the UP transport minister, Man Pal Singh Verma, had announced that the smart card-based driving license project will be implemented by November. A month earlier, the UP RTO had said the project would be launched on August 15.According to VK Singh, GB Nagar RTO, the reason for the postponement is the delay in signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the project in Lucknow. \"The signing of the MoU is expected to happen within the next fifteen days, after which the project will be formally launched,\" Singh said. \"Once we get the official nod, the smart card DL project will be launched in a staged manner. Ghaziabad will be taken up in the first phase of the project, while in GB Nagar the work on the project will only start in the third phase, i.e. by January,\" the official said.Officials also said that another reason for the delay of the smart card project in GB Nagar is also the dismal state of the transport department in Noida and Greater Noida. \"Though the development authorities of both cities have approved setting up of additional infrastructure facilities and extension counters required for issuing the smart card DLs, it will take at least another 3-4 months for completion and hence the delay,\" Singh further said.RTO officials said that the software for the project is being designed by National Informatics Centre (NIC). \"The database prepared through it will make it possible to inquire about the traffic offences of the vehicle owner, if any,\" Singh explained. The software is designed to help RTOs prepare a database on vehicles containing information like name and address of the vehicle owners, fitness date, registration number, etc.\"The project assures durable and tamper-proof driving licences,\" the RTO said. The software will store the biometric thumb impression and photograph and this will make the physical presence of licence seekers mandatory. It willalso make the accounting system automated and transparent.RTO officials stressed that once operational, \"no one would be able to make a licence without a driving test\". A person would not also be able to obtain a duplicate driving licence from any other RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359593", "title": "Ankit Bathla and Deepali Pansare in Shapath", "text": "Fireworks Production's Humne Li Hai Shapath on Life OK is been successful in spreading awareness all over the nation with its captivating crime stories. Interestingly, the upcoming track will seen Deepali Pansare, fondly known for her character of Payal from Star Plus's Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? will be paired opposite Ankit Bathla for an particular episode. While Ankit Plays the character of Venkat, Deepali essays Meenakshi, his wife to be.Sources informs, the story revolves around a south Indian couple, where a bride runs away from the mandap and her husband to be go out hunting for his wife. Eventually the bride dies and it gets revealed that it was a planned crime.Apart from Ankit and Deepali, Shahab Khan, last seen in Pratigya as Pratigya's father is also roped in for this particular episode.When contacted, Ankit states, \"It was a great experience working with Fireworks, especially essaying a south Indian guy with wearing Lungi and full on south Indian get up. Though tiring, the track came out very well.\"Deepali too confirmed, \"Though I don't like doing episodic but off late I received a call from Fireworks and they narrated me the story, I liked it and started shooting for the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17354934", "title": "No green plan in PWD's road project", "text": "KOLKATA: The PWD's plans to widen James Long Sarani is giving Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) the jitters. As many as 750 full-grown trees will need to be felled to widen the 7.5km stretch of the road, but the PWD is yet to come up with a plan for planting saplings to compensate for the loss.Though PWD officials have made all preparations for widening the road, KMC officials said a go-ahead may not be granted right now before PWD furnishes the details of planting saplings. \"We've got everything ready - right from funds to the manpower to supervise the project. We would like to start the project by the end of the year,\" said a PWD official.He, however, conceded that a foolproof plan for compensating the loss to greenery is yet to be chalked out. \"We will do the job after a discussion with the KMC authorities,\" he said. According to rules, an individual, government or private firm needs to plant five saplings for every full-grown tree felled.An executive engineer of the KMC parks department made it clear that they would think about granting the go-ahead only after the PWD furnishes all the details of compensatory plantation. \"Let the PWD submit the report on felling of trees and their plans for compensatory plantation. Only then will we think over the issue,\" said the engineer.James Long Sarani, which is known as Bypass to Behala, starts from Taratala and ends in Joka. It was laid in early 1980s to de-congest Diamond Harbour Road. The PWD feels that with the number of vehicles on James Long Sarani rising at a rapid speed now, it's high time the road got widened to accommodate more traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17355328", "title": "Billiards badshahs rule from Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Rupesh Shah won the World Billiards Championship in the point format in Leeds recently he gave Gujarat - a state starved of sporting heroes outside cricket - something to cheer about. Shah's win, the second of his career, also ensured that Ahmedabad's rich legacy of producing class billiards players survives.After Geet Sethi, Shah is the second multiple world champion that the city has produced in the sport. And if all goes well, another Amdavadi cueist is lining up stardom for himself - Dhvaj Haria.It was in the 80's that Gujarat got its real hero in Geet who won his first major billiards event in 1982 - the Indian National Billiards Championship (an international event despite its name), defeating Ferreira. Though Geet went on to win the championship four years in a row - from 1985 to 1988 - his meteoric rise happened when he won his maiden IBSF World Amateur Billiards Championship in 1985, defeating Bob Marshall in an eight-hour-long summit clash.With that win, Geet became the face of billiards not only in Gujarat but pan India as he dominated the sport all through the 90's. He went on to collect five World Professional Billiards Champion titles (1992, 1993, 1995, 1998, 2006) and World Amateur Billiards Champion titles (1985, 1987, 2001).\"In 1974, when I was 13, I took to cue sports at Ahmedabad Gymkhana,\" Geet recalled. \"By then, Satish Mohan - an Amdavadi cueist - was already an international figure. During my time, Neel Kamal Vakil was the man to beat at the state level and since he used to practice at Sports Club, I too started practising there in 1975. In 1978-79, I won my first state title, thus ending Vakil's domination. Vakil was unbeatable in Gujarat but somehow he faltered in nationals.\"When Geet started his career, there was no one to look up to. Mohan had largely disappeared from the Gujarat billiards scene. \"It was the sheer obsession for the game that carried me through,\" he said with a faint smile. \"You need a man who lights the candle and shows the way ahead. Today, I am glad I was able to be the torchbearer of Gujarat billiards,\" adds the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award winner.The classy player not for a moment looks the 51 years that he is, but the fact is age has caught up with him. From 14 tournaments annually in his heydays, he participates in only two now. But he seems to have no regrets in leading a semi-retired life. \"For last two years, I have been reaching only till quarterfinals at world championships. The consistency has gone but the good thing is I still have the touch. I am surely going for the World Championship next year,\" he says.He credits the rise of the game to the environment Ahmedabad provides. \"Look at Sports Club. It's perfect for practice. They maintain international standards and it is one reason why Ahmedabad will have more champion billiards players in the future,\" he adds. \"My legacy has already been passed on. Rupesh is a promising talent and he has proven himself after pocketing his second world crown.\"Rupesh had won his first world title in 2007 in Singapore, beating Ashok Shandaliya and interestingly, on both occasions, Geet had told Rupesh beforehand that he would win. \"Rupesh still has a good 10 years left in him. Just wait and watch, he will win many more titles,\" said the Padma Shri awardee.Still soaking in the glory, Rupesh, 39, says, \"Although I learnt to hold the cue from my elder brother, it was Geet's aura that drove me to Sports Club. At 17, when I started playing, Geet had already become the face of the sport. I was lucky to have seen him play when he was at his peak. I learnt table tricks from him,\" Shah adds.Rupesh won his maiden senior national title in 1993 at 20 by beating city-mate Sonic Multani. \"We have international level tables, lightings and markers at disposal. And add to it, a multiple world champion in Geet to look up to. Sports Club has been a lucky place as it has already produced two multiple world champions. I hope it gets another one soon,\" Rupesh said.Both Geet and Rupesh talk highly of 19-year-old Dhvaj's talent and temperament.Dhvaj created a flutter this year when he bagged the national sub-junior snooker crown in addition to the sub-junior billiards and junior billiards titles.\"It feels good to share the table with legends. I am lucky to have two world champions to look up to. However, there is still a lot of work to be done before I get any closer to them,\" Haria says.And as Geet says that each generation is getting better than the previous one, it remains to be seen if Rupesh and Dhvaj emulate the great man one day.City's cue to champsGeet Sethi credits the rise of the game to the environment Ahmedabad provides. \"It is one reason why Ahmedabad will have more champion billiards players in the future,\" Sethi says. Rupesh Shah agrees. \"We have international-level tables, lightings and markers at disposal,\" he says. \"And add to it, a multiple world champion in Geet to look up to.\"Legacy began in 1970sWhile Geet Sethi is a household name today, the name of another champion cueist from Ahmedabad seems to have faded from public memory. In the 1970s, Satish Mohan dominated the national circuit and gave the legendary Michael Ferreira a run for his money. Mohan became world number two with his best show at IBSF World Billiards Championship coming in 1973 where he finished runners-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17355556", "title": "Large-scale appointments during 2012-13", "text": "PATNA: When the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government came to power seven years ago, it soon brought into focus the state's limited manpower base, forcing it to make new appointments. Now the multi-fold increase in the state's economy and increased revenue returns from its own tax base, together with invigorated activities under the panchayati raj system has forced it to widen the bureaucratic base.The state government, in fact, has continued to make new appointments that it started in 2008 till 2010. Another chunk of new appointments is also under process in several departments during 2012-13, too, as the Report Card-2012 of the government shows.During the release of Report Card - 2012 here on Saturday, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the state budget had increased from Rs 22,000 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 78,000 crore as of now. Similarly, the target regarding the state's own tax base and revenue earnings increased from Rs 3,561 crore to Rs 16,500 crore.The twin aspects of the state's economy have also spurred the state government to make new appointments every year, which is underway even in the current financial year.The new appointments under process during 2012-13 are spread over departments such as home, disaster management, panchayati raj, planning and development, commercial taxes, registration, excise and prohibition, science and technology, health, education, transport, agriculture, animal and fisheries, cooperative, rural development, backward class and most backward class department, mines and mineral, food and consumer, water resources, energy, public health and engineering department, road construction, industry, cabinet secretariat and minority welfare, among others.As per the Report Card -2012, the home department is presently engaged in processing the appointment of 953 firemen, 7,606 constables, 121 home guards company commanders, 609 jail warden in the first phase and 960 in the second phase, 105 guards in jail, 525 contingent menials and 3,825 wardens.The panchayati raj department has geared itself to processing appointment of 8,442 gram kachahari secretaries, 3,004 panchayat secretaries, 3,004 block panchayat secretaries and 142 block panchayati raj officers for better running of the panchayati raj system, as the Union rural development department has decided to directly transfer money to the panchayati raj bodies.The other major chunk of appointments that is under process is of 17,583 secondary school teachers under the aegis of secondary education directorate. Similarly, the agriculture department is busy processing the appointment of 10 deputy directors on contract basis, 4,062 subject matter specialists, 15 financial consultants, 449 administrative-level officials in Bihar Agriculture University, 83 experts of integrated watershed development and 630 Class III and Class IV personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354777", "title": "Congress observer Raju gets feedback for LS elections", "text": "NAGPUR: The mood in the Congress is upbeat and enthused party workers want the party to contest all 10 Lok Sabha seats to strengthen presence in the 2014 elections. Particularly in Buldhana, a seat which was earlier represented by AICC general secretary Mukul Wasnik, there is a demand that the party should seek it back from NCP that has been contesting there ever since it was de-reserved after delimitation. The district unit passed a resolution in support of this demand.This came to the fore during All India Congress Committee observer G Rudra Raju's tour of all Lok Sabha constituencies of Vidarbha which he completed on Saturday. Raju, who returned to the city from Buldhana, refused to speak about his work. According to sources in the state Congress, he is the first to complete his assigned work in the state. He may submit his report to the leadership by this month-end.While Raju refused to speak about his assignment, sources indicated that Rahul Gandhi , who has taken control of the 'war room' set up in New Delhi for the 2014 general elections, sent around 50 observers to get feedback from all concerned in each constituency - right from the sitting MPs, Union ministers, state ministers, ex-MPs, MLAs, down to the block president. Raju has collected around 100 feedback forms from each of the constituency which will be processed in Delhi. With Rahul trying to implement his style of work, there is already uncertainty on how many of the sitting MPs would get another chance.Like Raju, each observer will be required to give a status report and name three candidates or claimants with electoral merit from each constituency. Sitting MPs Vilas Muttemwar and Mukul Wasnik from Nagpur city and rural, ministers Nitin Raut and Shivajirao Moghe met Raju to give feedback. The fact that AICC took up such an exercise and for the first time gave grassroots worker an opportunity to express their views has given a big boost to their morale, MPCC sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354399", "title": "State govt tapped over 4000 phones in last 4 years: RTI reply", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Beware, the government may be snooping on you. Information obtained through RTI reveals that telephones of thousands of people across the state are being monitored for those in power to keep a tab on who is talking what and with whom.The government has admitted that from December 29, 2008, to September 15, 2012, it has tapped the phones of as many as 4,620 persons. Advocate Biswapriya Kanungo had sought the information, which was supplied to him by the home department though after a long chase.Telephone tapping as per the Indian Telegraph Act can be done only in extreme circumstances like a public emergency or situation threatening people's safety.The Supreme Court described public emergency as prevailing of a sudden condition or state of affair affecting people at large calling for immediate action. Threat to public safety is also analysed in similar vein like risk for the people at large.Speculation is rife that the present regime, which was shaken by growing public resentment against the government in the backdrop of mega scandals and more particularly trouble in the ruling BJD, resorted to tapping the phones of such a huge number of people. \"Telephone tapping, I suspect, is used as a convenient weapon by the government to repress public opinion,\" Kanungo pointed out. \"I had earlier collected information which said the government had tapped the phones of 417 persons in eight years from 2000 to 2008. It is surprising that the number swelled to such a staggering high in the last four years,\" Kanungo said.\"During the last four years, not just the general election took place, the Naveen Patnaik government faced the challenge what the opposition parties could not do and that too from none else than Pyarimohan Mohapatra. The government appears terribly panicked and took to spying on so many people. This is nothing but violation of right to privacy as per Article 21 of the Constitution,\" Kanungo added.He said the law mandates only the home secretary to order tapping of phones, which would be reviewed by a committee headed by the chief secretary within seven days. \"If the committee approves, only then tapping of the telephone of a person will continue and in the reverse situation all the information collected over the days will be destroyed. I doubt whether the government has followed this strict guideline in case of the 4,620 persons whose phones were ordered to be monitored,\" Kanungo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17356225", "title": "7 injured as Sikhs, dera men clash in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: In fresh confrontation between Sikhs and Dera Sacha Sauda in Sirsa - the sect's stronghold, four Sikhs and three Dera followers were injured in a clash on Saturday.Six vehicles were set afire as followers of the dera and Sikhs pelted each other with stones near Balmiki Chowk on Saturday afternoon, forcing the district administration to impose curfew in the entire city. Fifteen companies of paramilitary forces were rushed to the town.Among the injured is Sant Gurmeet Singh Tilokewala, an SGPC member, who was taken to a hospital by Sirsa DC J Ganesan.This was the third such clash between the two groups over 10 days. Saturday's flare-up happened minutes after members of Guru Granth Sahib Satkar Sabha and Sikh devotees left following a meeting at a gurdwara near Balmiki Chowk.The district administration officials and the police had called a meeting with Sikhs who had promised to maintain law and order in the city.Sirsa superintendent of police Rajshri Singh said, \"Dera followers are to be blamed for this incident as Sikhs had peacefully dispersed after the meeting.Some Dera followers (premis) attacked them. I reached the spot and tried to control the situation,'' she said.\"Sikhs had withdrawn their bandh call, given after the earlier clash. It was the dera followers who attacked and provoked Sikhs,\" she added.Sacha Sauda denied the allegations. Its official spokesperson Pawan Insan said the incident took place when premis were returning home after attending a Naam Charcha (religious congregation). \"As our followers reached Balmiki chowk, an SUV driven by Sukhwinder Singh Khalsa, state president of Guru Granth Sahib Satkar Sabha, knocked down our motorcycles. Khalsa also opened fire on dera followers, and we retaliated,'' Insan alleged.Khalsa dismissed the allegations. \"After promising the DC and SP to maintain peace we had dispersed from the gurdwara. When our men reached Balmiki Chowk, they (dera followers) attacked us. Our people rushed inside for safety, and within no time, the premis had started pelting them with stones and set vehicles on fire,'' he added. Meanwhile, the administration has urged the residents to maintain peace and not to believe any rumour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17359075", "title": "Bihar govt devises policy to encourage use of solar energy", "text": "PATNA: Suffering huge power shortage, the Bihar government has devised a policy to encourage the use of solar energy in the state that would provide tax incentives for installing such plants on wastelands.The state government has done a survey which revealed that there is a tremendous scope for development of solar energy, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav said.Accordingly, the state government has devised a solar energy promotion policy to popularise solar energy.As part of this policy, the state government has decided to exempt registration and entry taxes on installation of solar energy plants on wastelands, Yadav said.Proposals for generation of 250 MW through various solar power projects have been sent to the state Cabinet for approval, he said.In a bid to popularise the solar energy among people, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has got installed solar power system at his official residence.Companies engaged in sale of solar energy equipments estimate that the market for solar equipments in the state is worth more than Rs 40 crore and it is expected to grow further in future.According to an International organisation 'WISE' (World Institute of Sustainable Energy) engaged in mapping prospects for production of solar energy, Bihar comes in the moderate solar radiation zone of the country.Bihar witnesses 280 days of sunshine which reflects tremendous scope for developing solar energy market, WISE said.Sanzar Ajmi, senior executive of a leading solar energy company Tata Power Solar, involved in the business in the state for the past eight years, said usage of solar equipments are moving from rural areas to urban areas of the state.\"The solar power equipments market is roughly witnessing around 15 per cent growth in the state every year,\" he said.According to Bhupendra Roy, senior manager of ALPEX Solar, which exports solar equipments and photovoltaic cell based solar plate, there is sale of solar instruments worth Rs 3-4 crore every year in the state.He said the company manufacture solar power system ranging fro 3 KW to 10 KW.Roy said the company has installed solar power system to generate 22 MW of electricity at headquarters of East Central Railway (ECR) at Hajipur. Besides, solar power system of 25 MW potential would be installed at Samastipur Railway division soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17356466", "title": "Cellphone tower gutted in fire", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A mobile tower of Airtel gutted in a fire at Sarauni village in the Hazaribag Mufassil police station area following which cellphone services of the area went out of order. Police, however, ruled out the involvement of Maoists in the incident.According to local people, the fire broke out after a noise was heard with a flash early on Saturday. The exact cause of the fire is being investigated. The Airtel dealer said the company had to incur heavy loss worth several lakhs of rupees because of fire. Although the tower was located on the campus of a resident, no report of any injury and casualty has been reported.Officer in charge of the Hazaribag police station S K Pathak told TOI that no complaint or FIR had been lodged so far. \"Some major fault might have caused the fire which is being investigated. No Maoist was involved in it.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356569", "title": "Another day as \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcstudent\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 for minister Tewari", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Union minister for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari relived his days as student of St John's High School where he was invited as chief guest at the annual athletic meet. Nearly 42 years after he graduated from the school, a visibly nostalgic Tewari walked through the corridors of his childhood, trying to snatch moments long gone by sitting in the classrooms he knew as a student. He wore a school uniform to make it all the more real.School authorities brought him closer to the past by gifting him the school admission form his father filled decades ago. Although Tewari was short of words, he managed to quip, \"My mother will be happy to see this.\" Three of his of 1970 batchmates were invited along with classmates and old friends Sandeep Vermani and Laj Pal Jhakkar.School authorities had more to offer. \"We presented him with his admit card and a portrait sketched by our student, Revant Bogra,\" school principal Kavita Das said.The minister talked to school students, sharing his experiences with them and listening to what they had to say. Students from classes VI to XII participated in the event organized on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17356440", "title": "State plans home for migrant workers' children", "text": "RANCHI: There are many labourers working in brick kilns who when migrate to other states in search of work take their children along with them.While the labourers eke out a living the children are deprived of education and are often exploited too.In such a situation, the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) has taken up the cause of such children and has proposals which are in the pipeline.Many of the brick kiln labourers migrate to Kolkata and Odisha.The major task before the commission is to identify the total number of migrant labourers working in brick kilns and their children who accompany them.\"We have thought of roping in some NGOs for conducting a survey after which we can go ahead with the work of providing education and hostels for them,\" said a member of SCPCR, Sanjay Mishra.He said talks are on with the Jharkhand Education Project Council to set up seasonal hostels.\"Seasonal hostels will be set up where children of the migrant workers will get free lodging, food and tuitions. The first round of talks with the Jharkhand Education Project Council is over. We hope things will move fast and we will be able to set up these hostels soon,\" said Mishra.This apart, Mishra said talks are also on with both private and government schools where the children can be educated.\"Since the labourers have to move to other states for at least six months a year, it's the education of the child which gets affected. So we have decided to provide education to those children in either private or government schools which will help secure their future and their parents too will not have a problem leaving them behind in the hostels,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17360469", "title": "PCMC to take up water supply repair works", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has proposed to take up the water supply repair works which includes removal of leakages in some areas. In a proposal submitted to the standing committee, the civic administration has said that in Pimpri-Chinchwad (B zone) water leakages need to be fixed in the area near Vishal theatre and Anandnagar. A private contractor will be appointed for the work at an estimated expenditure of Rs 7.46 lakh.A similar work of fixing of water leakages is to be carried out in the water zone C/4 area. The estimated expenditure for the work is Rs 7.46 lakh. Water leakages in Tathwade area coming under C/3 water zone are to be carried out at an estimated expenditure of Rs 8.39 lakh.In another proposal, the civic administration has said that minor water repair works in the areas of Kiwale, Vikasnagar, and Mamurdi are to be carried out at a cost of Rs 9.33 lakh. Some of the other works proposed by the civic administration includes repair and improvement works of vegetable market of ward area 31, concretization works of a nullah near Nachiket Balgram in Valhekarwadi, construction of gutters in Punawale, laying of paving blocks in Tathawade, and ward level works in Dalvinagar at an estimated expenditure of Rs 5.6 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358349", "title": "John Abraham turns Bollywood\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s savviest investor", "text": "The unlikeliest of stars is in the pink of financial health. 60,000 sq ft of prime property in Mumbai &amp; a brand new home in Bel Air, LA, make John Abraham Bollywood's savviest investorIn the last four weeks, John Abraham has spent four days in Mumbai; the city where he lives and works. London has seen far more of him after he chose to headquarter the overseas arm of his production house JA Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. in an upscale neighbourhood of Central London. It's from here that the actor plans to roll out productions that will showcase upcoming British talent.Five thousand miles away, a property in Bel Air, Los Angeles, has been recently acquired. Together with Beverly and Holmby Hills, Bel Air makes up the platinum triangle of LA neighbourhoods, and is home to Hollywood stars Jennifer Aniston , Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt.Add to this the tag of proud owner of 60,000 square feet of prime property in Mumbai, and you have a killer of cliches. Less-actor-more-looker, fitness fiend, and the Bollywood bomb's boyfriend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d wasn't that Abraham's popular persona? How has he, at 39, quietly emerged as savvy investor, endorsement star and arguably the only Indian male model-turnedactor to have made it to the elite club?If you put that to Abraham, he'll probably tell you how 20 years ago as an Economics student at Jai Hind College \u00e2\u20ac\u201d average at academics but an expert on bikes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he believed he was made to be a mechanic. An MBA in marketing from Bandra's MET, and a one-and-a-half-year stint as media planner at ad firm Enterprise Nexus helped him lay a simple but sound foundation for financial planning , say those close to him.Acting, in fact, happened by accident. His boss asked him to fill in for a model playing truant on the shoot of Live-In Jeans, with late model Viveka Babajee. Instant fan following would lead to his participation in the Gladrags Mr India contest, which he'd go ahead and win. In 2003, Mahesh Bhatt would give him a break in Jism, and nine years, 30 films later \u00e2\u20ac\u201d more misses than hits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the 'thinker' in him would decide to take over.Going solo Filmmaker and close friend Sanjay Gupta, who first directed Abraham six years ago in a lowkey role opposite Sanjay Dutt in Zinda, has reportedly had to fork out ten times the amount for his role in gangster opus Shootout at Wadala. Releasing next May, the film sees Abraham play gangster Manya Surve, who was shot dead in 1982. The film claims to be a dramatisation of the firstever registered encounter by the Mumbai police. \"Unlike most actors today, he doesn't have a 'Bata rate'. If he finds a project interesting, he is flexible. And he is game to share the risk with the producer by striking a partnership deal over splitting profit percentage,\" says Gupta.Force did it Vajir Singh, editor of trade journal Box Office India, says it was last year's cop thriller Force that swung things in the actor's favour. \"Until you deliver a solo hit, you haven't exactly arrived. The actor too, doubts his potential. Force was a smash hit. It changed everything around John, including him and his approach.\"For a shoddily marketed film boasting a star cast that began and ended with Abraham, Force surprised trade pundits, raking in a gross of Rs 27.25 crore. Desi Boyz took home Rs 42.4 crore, and Housefull 2, which released this April, made Rs 109 crore.Compare that with the box office collections of films preceding Force \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Aashayein managed a paltry Rs 2.21 crore, and Jhootha Hi Sahi drew Rs 10.9 crore. Singh says, for the first time in his career, Abraham's to-be-released line-up has him playing second fiddle to none. Other than multistarrer Race 2 , he plays the lead in all three upcoming productions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shootout at Wadala , home production Jaffna , and Goldie Behl's I For Ishaan. \"For those willing to look at his work objectively, Taxi No. 9211, Water, Kabul Express and No Smoking proved he could act. What he hadn't done until now was explore his commercial potential,\" says Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356059", "title": "Robbers choose Jaipur-Delhi highway as soft target", "text": "JAIPUR: The outskirts of Jaipur, especially the Jaipur-Delhi highway, is apparently becoming a soft target for the highway robbers. In most of the cases, the victims were either murdered or the assailants attempted murder and the police as usual reply that \"the investigation is on.\"Early this week on Wednesday, two bike-borne assailants stabbed a truck driver. Later when a policeman came for the help he was shot at. Robbery was though foiled, but such is the scare of highway robbery that travel agents are terrified to get their vehicles booked for Delhi for the strangers.According to the police, at least 10 robberies were witnessed on the Jaipur-Delhi highway near Kotputli, Shahpura, Daulatpura and Chandwaji. In most of the cases, the police seem to be on the backfoot as they were yet to make any concrete arrests in these cases.The fearlessness of the robbers is visible in a month old case when one victim, Ramji Lal Sharma was thrashed by the robbers, robbed of Rs 24,000, a gold chain and other valuables. In the same months, two robbers in a SUV had killed a man to rob him.In October, at Kotputli on Jaipur-Delhi highway, a blood stained body was found during the wee hours. According to the police, the deceased was identified as Ramlal alias Lala who left Jaipur with a truck on Sunday night. Police during then admitted that the victim was murdered for robbery.In the recent robbery cases on highways in Jaipur rural, including those passing through Kotputli, Manoharpur, Pragpura and Shahpura, the police claimed involvement of robbers from Haryana.\"In some of the cases, it has come up that the robbers' gang belong to Haryana including Gurgaon, Jhajjar and Rohtak. A month ago, we had busted a gang of six who belonged to Rohtak and were involved in targeting the truck drivers for the robberies,\" said a senior police officer of Jaipur (rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17354129", "title": "Wankhede pitch may keep both sides guessing", "text": "MUMBAI: The half-a-dozen groundsmen who began sweeping the pitch after the second day's play at the Wankhede Stadium on Saturday had to keep their faces covered to avoid the huge amount of dust that cloaked the air. The centre resembled a mini twister.Once the dust settled, the covers were brought on and the Indian team, which had tried every trick in the book to earn another wicket, filed out of the stadium with worn faces and drooped shoulders.The ball had refused to turn promisingly in the last session, the bounce had gone a bit flat and only half-chances had been created. It was not the kind of day India would have been expecting.The script for this match was supposedly based on the ball turning from the first day and continuing that way till the end. Saturday turned out to be a twist in the expected tale.On Sunday, when the covers come off, it will be India's best chance to try and get a firm grip on the game. If India find the wicket difficult to predict at this moment, so will England.To begin the attack with R Ashwin is perhaps one of the mistakes MS Dhoni did when England walked in to bat. Harbhajan Singh , after all, has a very good idea of the Mumbai wicket, is faster in the air and can generate good bounce.Cook was guilty of a similar mistake in the morning when India resumed play, bringing in Swann - who eventually took Pujara's wicket - only 10 overs after start of play.This Wankhede wicket, on a scale of one to five, can be anything from a sleeper to a landmine. India need to be thoroughly prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17361175", "title": "Jon Bon Jovi and wife want normal life for kids", "text": "Jon Bon Jovi and his wife Dorothea want their children to live a normal life.The couple's 19-year-old daughter, Stephanie Bongiovi, was recently found overdosed with drugs, including heroin, in her college dormitory.The couple is firm on getting her life back on the track, a source claimed.\"Jon and Dorothea had no idea she was doing heroin or she would have been in rehab months ago,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as saying.\"Their love for their kids and dedication to give them a happy and healthy home life has always been the most important thing. Stephanie is doing fine and they will get through this,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17355367", "title": "Xi makes his mark with first key military promotion", "text": "BEIJING: Xi Jinping has put his imprint as the new leader of China by promoting a military official to the rank of a full general. This is Xi's first major decision within eight days of taking charge as the general secretary of the communist party of China and chairman of the central military commission.The move comes months ahead of taking over the reins of the Chinese government from President Hu Jintao in March. This is the third major military promotion to take place in less than a month; the last two appointments were made by Hu.Xi conferred the rank of full general on Wei Fenghe, a central military commission member and commander-in-chief of the second artillery corps in the People's Liberation Army, the official Xinhua news agency said.The latest move raises questions on why Hu carried out the two military promotions just days before he was expected to relinquish the charge of the CMC and hand over the baton to Xi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355566", "title": "HSE probe interim report may be ready before Christmas", "text": "The Health Service Executive investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar will be completed before Christmas, Irish minister for health James Reilly said on Friday. According to a report in The Irish Times, an interim report may be ready in a \"matter of weeks\".He told the paper: \"I've made it very clear this investigation must be completed as expeditiously as possible and I now understand that will happen before Christmas. I equally understand now that HIQA (Health Information and Quality Authority) have become involved and they will do that as expeditiously as possible but until I get the report I can't say what the next step is. The report will certainly inform our next actions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354025", "title": "Gadkari's wife, sons held shares in 3 Purti \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcshell\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 companies", "text": "NAGPUR: Annual documents submitted by Purti Power and Sugar Limited and its 18 'shell' shareholding companies to the registrar of companies reveal that chartered accountant S Gurumurthy may have been hasty in giving a double clean chit to Nitin Gadkari . The BJP national president continues to maintain that he has done no wrong and is open to an inquiry.Papers accessed by TOI from the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) show that there are at least six instances which directly link Gadkari to the holding companies through his family members and aides. They include his wife Kanchan, sons Nikhil and Sarang, nephew Sandip Bhurchandi, vice-chairman of Purti Jaykumar Varma and driver Manohar Panse.The documents reveal that all of them were shareholders and directors in many of the holding companies at one time or the other. This establishes that people close to Gadkari were in control of the holding companies that continue to have huge investments in Purti and Mahatma Sugar and Power Limited, another company set up by Gadkari.Gurumurthy, an RSS ideologue, had informed BJP functionaries recently that the investments by 18 shell companies were actually the handiwork of Manish Mehta, a businessman originally from Nagpur, now settled in Mumbai. Putting the entire blame on Mehta, Gurumurthy claimed that it was the businessman who had put Rs 47-odd crore in Purti when he exited.Mehta was a director in Purti between July 7, 2000 and December 3, 2002, and from December 29, 2010 to September 28, 2011. According to a recent list provided by Purti MD Sudhir Dive, Mehta's name does not appear in the list of current directors.In the first instance, Kanchan, Nikhil and Sarang, and Bhurchandi were shareholders in three shell companies (Jasika Mercantile, Jainaam Mercantile and Neelay Mercantile) in 2009-10 when the BJP chief was chairman and director of Purti between April 10, 2000 and August 27, 2011. Having resigned last year, Gadkari now owns only 310 shares as per the document provided by Dive.Bhurchandi is the son of Gadkari's elder sister. As reported by TOI on October 28, his residence is the registered address of Buldhana Sugar and Power Private Limited, which though not part of the Purti Group, has Gadkari's driver and a certain Shekhar Kotwaliwale as directors.A common pattern seen in the three companies with Gadkari's family members is that the two persons (Amit Pandey and Rahul Dubey) who set up the 'shell' companies transfered the shares to Kanchan, Nikhil and Sarang, Burchandi and two other corporate companies within one to three months after the companies were set up. Around the same time, Diwan Kawdu Zade and Purti employees Nishant Agnihotri and Sagar Kotwaliwale, came in as directors.When Gurumurthy claimed that Gadkari has no \"direct or indirect interest in the 18 investment companies which have invested in the Purti\", he was not strictly wrong as records available with TOI show that the BJP president's family members have already exited the company in 2010-11, a year after it was set up.It's also observed that the flurry of activity to change addresses in Mumbai and Kolkata, change directors and their addresses, and e-mail IDs took place only after Kanchan, Nikhil and Sarang, and Bhurchandi transfered their shares.Also, the three companies with Gadkari's family members as shareholders have invested money in Mahatma Sugar and Power, which falls under the Purti Group. The shares they hold do not tally in the different documents submitted by Purti, Mahatma and the three shell companies.For example, in the 2010-11 balance sheet of Neelay Mercantile, one of the three shell companies, it is shown as having invested Rs 1.50 lakh in Purti and Rs 55 lakh in Mahatma. However, in Purti's balance sheet for the same period, Neelay's investment is shown as Rs 15 lakh. In Mahatma's balance sheet, Neelay has a Rs 1.72 crore investment. There is no explanation for the additional funds coming into Purti and Mahatma.In the past couple of years, the directors of the holding companies, their addresses as well as those of the companies and the email IDs have flitted from Nagpur to Mumbai to Kolkata to Delhi. Recently, the income-tax department began questioning directors in some of the holding companies, in Mumbai and Kolkata.In the second instance, the documents with MCA show that 14 of the 18 holding companies of Purti had its vice chairman Varma as director and with Nagpur addresses from 2001-2009. He continues to be a BJP zilla parishad member from Bela village, which is adjacent to Khursapar, the area where Purti's sugar and power plants are situated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354397", "title": "US film producer 'harassed' while shooting in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A US-based film producer of Odia origin has given thumbs down to the state as a shooting venue. Solila Parida, whose latest Hollywood venture 'Desires of the Heart' will be released worldwide in April 2013, said she will not make any Odia film due to her \"bad experience while shooting in Odisha\".\"I was shooting for my film 'Women from Georgia' at Puri with a crew from Hollywood when some local people created a ruckus and alleged that I had tried to take foreigners into the Jagannath temple, which was a false and baseless allegation. They humiliated me for no fault of mine,\" said Parida during a pre-release event of 'Desires of the Heart' here on Friday. \"As if that was not enough, local people also created a problem when I was shooting for the film in a private hotel,\" she added.However, 'Desires of the Heart' will release in Odisha theatres on the same day as it would in the rest of the world. \"We are trying to release the film on the same day in Odisha with other major theatres across the globe,\" said Parida, who has produced three feature films so far -- 'Vishkanya', 'Koi hai' and 'Bandit Lovers'. \"Odisha has a lot of subject matter that can be developed as films, but my focus is on international movies for the global market in English with both Hollywood and Bollywood stars,\" she said.'Desires of the Heart', on which Parida has also worked in the capacity of a creative director, is a period film that deals with an incarnation love story between two lovers living a world apart. The film features a beautiful girl who commits sati by jumping into the funeral pyre of her husband over a century ago and is later reborn in a western country.The film was directed by James Kicklighter while Rajesh Rathi co-directed the film in India. Hollywood stars Val Lauren and Alicia Minshew along with veteran Bollywood actor Gulshan Grover and Harsh Mayar are in the lead role.\"Alicia has played the role of an artist who lives in Georgia and catches the eye of a psychiatrist (Val Lauren) visiting from India. However, as the duo begin to develop a relationship, the psychiatrist is sent home to India to marry a woman chosen for him by his parents,\" detailed Parida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17356324", "title": "Inquiry into Madurai puja to tackle dengue", "text": "MADURAI: A yagnam conducted by Hindu outfits in the government hospital in Madurai for \"control of dengue\" has sparked a controversy with the district administration ordering a probe.The inquiry by a revenue divisional officer began on Saturday, even as the Hindu outfits defended the yagnam and condemned the district administration's move. Madurai collector Anshul Mishra, who took exception to the ritual being conducted in a government hospital, said a report would be sent to the state government.Besides members of Hindu outfits like Vishwa Hindu Parishad, doctors and hospital officials participated in the yagnam held at the hospital attached to the Madurai Medical College on Thursday .\"We should be concentrating on tackling dengue medically and not through rituals. The yagnam is uncalled for,\" Mishra said. \"Though the administration is not against offering prayers, conducting a homam inside a government institution cannot be accepted in a secular set-up ,\" he said.VHP said the ritual was organised with the consent of the hospital authorities. The ceremonies were conducted to \"shield people from health ailments,\" said Chinmaya R Somasundaram, VHP state secretary and Madurai district unit president . He said medical college dean N Mohan took part in the ritual.Mohan denied that he was aware of the puja and said he too had ordered an inquiry. \"We offer treatment by keeping faith in science. We will take severe action if we find such acts were performed in the hospital without the knowledge of the authorities,\" he said.Mishra said the dengue situation was under control in the district. At present, there are 85 people getting treatment for dengue in government hospitals and 15 deaths have been reported, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359611", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHalf naked\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Prince Harry immortalised at top gay bar", "text": "A huge mural of a half-naked Prince Harry has been painted at a top London gay club in Charing Cross .The 28-year-old Royal, currently deployed in Afghanistan, became a hit with homosexuals after being crowned a \"gay icon\" by QX magazine . \"It probably began when we started seeing him in his army uniform,\" the Daily Star quoted Club director Chris Amos as saying.\"He's a real man. He's cheeky and sexy but he's also decent. \"That's what makes him a role model for us, as well as being a gay icon,\" he said.Amos said revellers are lining up to click themselves with the undies-only image, which was painted by homoerotic artist Mikes Bliss at the Manbar nightclub, the paper said.Harry's popularity among gay men increased after pics of him playing topless rugby were taken in Afghanistan that was compared to 80s blockbuster 'Top Gun' famous volleyball scene.His reputation sky rocketed when naked photos of him romping with a blonde in Las Vegas went viral on the web.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17355602", "title": "Several injured in acid attack, three held", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Nearly two dozen people received severe burn injuries when a person poured a bottle of acid on a small crowd from the roof of his house here late on Friday night.All those who suffered acid burns have been admitted in MGM Medical College &amp; Hospital, and condition of three of them, including a minor girl, was described as serious, police said.The incident occurred following a spat between the families of Mohd Shohrab and Mohd Arif over a trivial issue in which initially only the children were involved. The two families lived close to each other at the densely populated Tegharia Mohalla.As the spat grew with the elders of the two families joining issue, Mohd Shohrab's son, Chhotu, attacked Mohd Arif with a rod. As the commotion intensified, another member of Shohrab's family climbed on to the roof of his house, uncorked a bottle of acid and sprinkled it at the feuding crowd below, police said.Kishanganj SHO Manoj Kumar Singh said nearly two dozen people, including women and children, were injured in the incident. They were immediately rushed to MGM Medical College &amp; Hospital for treatment.Police have arrested Mohd Shohrab, his wife Aiysa Begum and son Rayees Alam. They have been charged under Sections 307 and 326 of the IPC, the SHO said.However, the residents of the locality hit the streets and jammed the road on Saturday demanding arrest of every member of Shohrab's family. Shohrab works as 'munshi' in a local court here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355169", "title": "Preparation for 2015 Kumbh caught in bureaucratic procedures, politics", "text": "While the polity and the bureaucracy are yet to finalise concrete plans for the next Kumbh mela - scheduled in 2015 in Nashik - even when it is going to be a race against time for creating infrastructure, there are indications that contentious issues concerning sadhus are likely to surface in February 2013, after the conclusion of the Kumbh mela that is scheduled to begin in January at Prayag.The Akhadas of sadhus, who visit Trimbakeshwar and Nashik during the Kumbh mela, are at present busy in the Prayag Kumbh. After the conclusion of the Prayag event, they are likely to turn their attention to the arrangements for the next Kumbh in Nashik.The politicians concerned and officials involved in planning the arrangements for the Nashik Kumbh are yet to consult the Akhadas on planning the event.During the last Kumbh mela held in Nashik, during 2003-04, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) had created a new Shahi Marg (royal route that sadhus take to go to Godavari for the rituals) from Tapovan to Godavari river, without consulting the Akhadas and expected the sadhus to take the new route instead of the old one that winds through the narrow lanes of old Nashik. The Akhadas had refused to take the new route on grounds that it was along a cremation ground.Subsequently, during the last Kumbh, there was a stampede that claimed 39 lives at Sardar Chowk on a narrow lane that descends from Kalaram Mandir to Godavari. The Akhadas have since been demanded the widening of the route, which has not been done yet.The contentious issues that the sadhus are likely to raise for the next Kumbh are: widening of the old Shahi Marg and acquisition of land for Sadhu camp at Tapovan, apart from cleanliness at Godavari and Tapovan.During the last Kumbh, the government agencies had promised to acquire land in Tapovan to accommodate all the visiting sadhus, but it is hanging fire. \"During the last Kumbh, the government had acquired 48 acres of land and made available about 300 acres more on a temporary basis,\" Mahant Sudhirdas Pujari said, pointing out that the number of Khalsas (religious groups headed by Mahants attached with Akhadas) which were around 400 during the last Kumbh, had gone up to around 700. Each Khalsa has to be given a plot of land for pitching tents for hermits and animals accompanying them.The visiting Sadhus would require more land than was made available in 2003, but on the contrary, the land in Tapovan area is shrinking due to too many construction activities, %he added.The other contentious issue is the widening of the old route that passes through the old city and on which the stampede took place. According to the Mahant, the sadhus would not take the new Shahi Marg created by the NMC at any cost, and the %widening of the old route has been blocked by local %politicians.The other issues include cleanliness in and around Godavari, which is plagued by increasing water hyacinth and murky waters. The rail connectivity of Nashik with the rest of the country is also an issue, as no trains start or terminate at the Nashik Road railway station, in the absence of terminus facilities. About 70% pilgrims who visit Nashik for the Kumbh holy dip are from northern states such as Uttar Pradesh and they prefer to travel by train.There is also a feeling among the hermits, who visit Nashik for the Kumbh, that government agencies spend more money on creating facilities for the city, instead of for the hermits or pilgrims.The list of woes of the Akhadas is likely to increase. There are 14 Akhadas, of which 11 belong to the Shaiv sect and three to the Vaishnav sect. The Shaiv Akhadas take a holy dip at Kushavart in Trimbakeshwar, about 30km from Nashik. Of the 11 Shaiv Akhadas, one - Bhudad Akhada - is defunct, while 10 are active.The Vaishnav Akhadas perform rituals at Ramkund in Godavari and stay at Tapovan. The Vaishnav Akhadas have Khalsas attached with them. Both Shaiv and Vaishnav Sadhus used to take the holy dip in Trimbakeshwar till 1838, when a clash between them led to bloodshed and the then Peshwa ruler requested Shaiv sadhus to perform rituals at Trimbakeshwar and Vaishnavs to move downstream to Ramkund in %Nashik.With discontent simmering among the religious leaders, local politicians and %officials are likely to be caught napping, as, by February, three more months would pass, shortening the period available for creating infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17360298", "title": "Proteas opt for desperate defence", "text": "MUMBAI: South Africa are staring defeat in the face after a frustrating fourth day's play in the second Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval after reaching stumps on 77-4 in pursuit of a highly unlikely victory target of 430.The home side recovered from a precarious overnight position of 111-5 to declare on 267-8 a dozen overs after lunch leaving the Proteas to survive - or prosper - in 135 overs.Their second innings started in the worst possible fashion when captain and first innings centurion Graeme Smith edged his second delivery from Ben Hilfenhaus to second slip with just three runs on the board.Hashim Amla (17) and Alviro Petersen (24) showed a willingness to counter-attack and briefly flourished until Amla edged off-spinner Nathan Lyon to slip. Jacques Rudolph (3) completed a miserable Test by turning a half-volley from the same bowler into short leg's hands and Petersen followed seven balls later by edging a Peter Siddle delivery on to his stumps.Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers concluded that desperate times called for desperate measures and resorted to extreme defence to survive the final 30 overs of the day during which just 32 runs were scored. De Villiers was 12 not out at the close from 101 deliveries while Du Plessis will resume on 19 from 74 balls.The tourists had high hopes of chasing something below 350 after a rousing fight back at the end of day three but that depended on breaking the overnight partnership between run machines Michael Clarke and Mike Hussey as quickly as possible.Instead, the two first innings centurions added a resilient 70 for the sixth wicket before Clarke was finally trapped lbw by Dale Steyn for 38. His tally in three innings in the series now stands at 527 runs.Hussey's vital innings of 54 ended with a leading edge to cover against Morne Morkel but the game was already out of reach for South Africa when tailenders James Pattinson (29*) and Ben Hilfenhaus (18*) walloped a quick, undefeated 47 runs for the ninth wicket allowing Clarke to declare.The last time the two nations drew successive Test matches was in 1921 so history suggests the odds are stacked against the remaining batsmen, one of whom is the injured Jacques Kallis who is expected to bat at number seven despite the possibility it may aggravate his strained hamstring and rule him out of the third Test starting in Perth on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354142", "title": "Sukhdev Singh Namdhari shot at Ponty Chadha's brother: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new twist to the Ponty Chadha shootout case, Delhi Police on Saturday said in court that Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, sacked chairman of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, had fired at the liquor baron's brother, Hardeep. Both brothers died in the shootout that took place at a Chhatarpur farmhouse on November 17.Producing Namdhari before a metropolitan magistrate, police claimed he had confessed to shooting at Hardeep with his licenced pistol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a .30 bore (prohibited) weapon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in \"self defence\" when the latter pointed a gun at him. They said Namdhari, who was with Ponty, may have fired up to three bullets. Police were able to nail Namdhari with the 'handwash' test that detects residual carbon prints.Police also told a metropolitan magistrate's court that the former Uttarakhand minorities commission chief not only fired at Ponty's brother Hardeep but also planned and executed the conspiracy to grab two farmhouses of the Chadha family that were in Hardeep's control.Police claimed Namdhari acted to seize the properties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 42, Chhatarpur and G-19, Bijwasan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on behalf of liquor baron and Hardeep's elder brother Ponty Chadha. He mustered 35 goons himself from UP and Uttarakhand, and also roped in security staff from the under-construction Wave City Centre in Noida. Namdhari allegedly got new SIM cards to coordinate the action at the two farmhouses from the command centre set up in Ponty's 21, Oak Drive farmhouse in Chhatarpur, and instigated the raiding teams to loot, rob and assault without mercy.Claiming that Namdhari was Ponty's front man, the prosecution claimed the shootout was the culmination of a deep conspiracy in which many other persons were also involved. \"In this case, persons having assets of over Rs 1,000 crore are likely to be involved,\" police claimed, making a case for extended custodial interrogation to reveal the conspiracy and trace people who accompanied Namdhari to the crime spot but \"vanished later\".These revelations came a day after Delhi Police's special task force arrested Namdhari in Uttarakhand. Police claimed Namdhari had confessed his role in the conspiracy and that he is now the main suspect as, in his complaint to police \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that formed the basis of the FIR \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he omitted the fact that he had fired at Hardeep.Metropolitan magistrate Sandeep Garg sent Namdhari to five days' police custody as police have to trace the firearm used by him. He may be taken to Uttarakhand, UP and even Punjab to recover weapons and arrest his associates. Sources said Namdhari spent the night at Mehrauli police station on eight cups of tea after being brought to Delhi from Bajpur in Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand. He has reportedly revealed names critical to the investigation and police will ask him for an account of the eight vehicles used in the parallel raids at the farmhouses.However, Namdhari denied police's claims on coming out of court. Assuming an injured tone, he reminded reporters that he got the case FIR registered and that he had been trapped in a political conspiracy. He, however, refused to elaborate. \"I don't want to talk more on this case. I just want to say that it was an accident and the FIR was lodged by me. I called police myself... It is wrong to say that I fired. It is a matter of investigation.\" Earlier, brushing aside protests by Namdhari's lawyer, the magistrate said, \"The investigating agencies should be given an opportunity for their endeavour to recover the weapon used in the crime\".While seeking Namdhari's custody, police reminded the court that 26 criminal cases were lodged against him in Uttarakhand between 1993 and 2009, and eight of these were murder cases. Opposing the police plea for remand, Namdhari's counsel RS Malik said the accused himself lodged the FIR in the present case and had also rushed Ponty Chadha to hospital.Sources, meanwhile, told TOI that the fatal shot that entered Hardeep's body through his armpit and burst both his lungs was possibly fired by Namdhari's personal security officer Sachin Tyagi. \"However, we need to find out from ballistic experts whether the other wound on his leg was from the firearm used by Namdhari,'' said a source. He said it is too early to determine whether Namdhari shot at Hardeep immediately after the latter shot at Ponty's legs, or waited until Hardeep had pumped six other bullets into Ponty from close range. \"We are considering whether murder charges can be pressed against Namdhari,'' said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17399952", "title": "Local lad clinches state-level air rifle gold", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: This 15-year-old school boy is Vizag's very own Gagan Narang in the making. High on having bagged a gold at the Inter-District Rifle Shooting competition conducted by AP School Games Federation at Nethanapalli ( Guntur District), Emandi Jashwanth now has his eyes set on national level competitions.Winning the U/19 state-level competition has stroked the ambitions of the young lad, who visualises himself as a naval officer but for now wants to make his mark as a marksman of repute by taking part in peep sight shooting competitions at the national level.Keeping his eyes focused on the target comes easily to the youngster, who was once fond of 'fooling' with video games but now takes pleasure in staying focused and keeping his head and hands steady while he lets the pellets do what they do best - finding the target.\"Shooting has improved my ability to focus better. Being a sport where it is all important to zero-in, I need to keep a clear head while having a go at the bulls-eye. Basically I cannot let myself get distracted,\" said Jashwanth.A student of Narayana IIT Spark, the boy is also keen on academics and wants to take a shot at cracking the IIT entrance exam. \"He has shown a remarkable improvement in academics and scores good marks. Thanks to his training in shooting, his concentration levels have also improved,\" noted Jashwanth's father Emandi Venkata Prasad, an electrical contractor by profession.Having tried his hand at other sports such as soccer, tennis and swimming, young Jashwanth finally discovered his love for shooting when he attended a shooting camp organised by the YMCA about one and a half years ago. \"He never looked back after his first stint when he did well in the local selection tourneys conducted by YMCA. Now he is completely in love with the sport,\" observed his coach and mentor Devadanand.But the way ahead is full of hurdles and challenges. For one, getting the right equipment is a problem. Secondly, there are hardly any facilities for shooting in Visakhapatnam. The sport is yet to catch up in the city of destiny and the facilities can be best described as nascent.\"It is not just about money. For him to do well he should get into a good academy where he can be properly trained. In fact there is a huge disparity in the facilities available at Hyderabad and other places. The difference was seen when he failed to qualify for a special camp organised at the Shooting range in HCU. They had a cut off mark of 225 on 300, while he could manage only 128,\" said Venkata Prasad, Jashwanth's father.Jashwanth too admitted that he would have to work on his consistency: \"There is no open sight event in the air-rifle category at the national level. For that I would have to take the next step and do well in peep sight events.\"But for the time being, Jashwanth is more than happy to savour the sweet taste of victory in the U/19 inter-district championship and is dreaming about charting a new course and bringing glory to his home town by doing well at the shooting range in the nationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354682", "title": "NSG partially admits to selective distribution of donations among 26/11 heroes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NSG has conceded that donations from the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) were indeed distributed only among four commandos while seven others were ignored, lending credence to former commando Surender Singh's allegations that he had got a raw deal.Using a platform provided by anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday, Singh had alleged that donations to the tune of Rs 2.5 lakh each in the name of all the 11 NSG commandos injured in the 26/11 attacks were received by the force but were given to only four commandos and the others were ignored.\"A cheque of Rs.2.5 lakh each was disbursed by Royal Western India Turf Club in the name of only four Army personnel namely: Capt A K Singh, N K Manish Kumar, Commando Sunil Kumar Jodha and Commando Sunil Kumar Yadav,\" NSG said in a written reply. The force, however, didn't cite any reason for the selective distribution of the cash and stood its ground on the other allegations leveled by Singh, including being discriminated against.Sources in NSG said that post-26/11 a lot of donations came and the force started distributing the sum among its personnel. During the process, however, it was pointed out that NSG must take an opinion of the home department as serving personnel were barred from accepting private donations under conduct rules.\"So when the home ministry gave a reply in the negative, the distribution was stopped and rest of the sum was returned to the donor. But we couldn't have asked the beneficiaries to return the money,\" said a senior NSG officer.NSG has also rebutted other allegations including premature repatriation of personnel because they raised a voice for their rights saying only one out of the 11 injured personnel was repatriated prematurely and that too on administrative grounds. \"...In the case of Cdo Surender Singh, even though his normal tenure of three years was completed in May, 2010, he was granted extension on medical grounds till October 15, 2011,\" the NSG said.With respect to allegations about Rohan Motors having given cheques of Rs 2 lakh each to 11 injured commandoes, NSG has said it received 15 cheques amounting to Rs 22 lakh from Deep Kapuria, Chairman &amp; Managing Director of Hi-tech Gears Ltd Gurgaon, but they were returned because of the home ministry's disapproval.On allegations of money having been spent on one Hemraj, who is not part of the NSG, the force has said there is no person by that name and the money has been spent on the treatment of Khemraj Singh.All other cheques, including the one from cricketer M S Dhoni, were deposited in the NSG Welfare Fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354834", "title": "Be closer to God and humanity: Archbishop", "text": "NAGPUR: The Archdiocese of Nagpur is celebrating its 125th year. A number of events were conducted through out the year to celebrate the post centennial silver jubilee. The valedictory function of the jubilee celebrations will be held on November 24 and 25.Speaking to TOI on Saturday, Archbishop Abraham Viruthakulangara of the Archdiocese of Nagpur called upon the people to come closer to God and also humanity.\"Nagpur became a diocese in 1887. Due to Almighty's blessings we have successfully travelled this great distance. To celebrate the jubilee we organized various events for the youth, kids and elders through out the year,\" said Archbishop.The events included various retreats, symposiums and training programmes. \"We also organized a seminar on the relevance of religion in today's life. We basically want to make people be more committed to the society and also work for its betterment,\" he said.As a part of the jubilee celebrations, the Archdiocese of Nagpur is going to construct 125 houses and hand them over to the poor and needy. \"These houses will be given to people from different parts of Central India. We have already constructed 10 and will be handing over the keys to the persons whom we have identified during the valedictory function. These houses are being given to the needy irrespective of caste and religion,\" the Archbishop added.He said that Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio, the Apostolic Nuncio (Pope's representative from Rome to India) will grace the valedictory celebrations. \"He will be the main celebrant at the Concelebrated Holy Mass on November 25. He is also the chief guest of the cultural programme that will be held in the evening. Sadly, K Shankaranarayanan, Governor of Maharashtra, who was expected to grace the celebrations, would not be able to make it,\" the Archbishop said. Mayor Anil Sole and other prominent people will also be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17355788", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's power saving plans fail to take off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's (GHMC) grand plans on energy efficiency and automation have fallen flat as the project is yet to take off. Also, the civic body's power bill has been increasing steadily, partly due to the fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA).GHMC has been paying about Rs 8 crore per month for street lighting, while it used to pay Rs 6 crore per month a couple of years ago. GHMC officials said due to the FSA collected by the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) the monthly bill have gone up to Rs 10 crore. Had the corporation started implementing the energy efficiency project, the bills would have been smaller as it would have been using 46% less energy, claimed the officials.The Street Lighting Energy Efficiency and Automation Project (SLEEAP) was floated in April 2007 to conserve energy for street lighting. The project was awarded to M2M-SSIL-GRC consortium two years ago after calling expression of interest (EoI) from energy management firms for implementation of the project. A technical committee, which included experts from JNTU, ECIL and CPDCL, also gave recommendations to M2M consortium after observing their demonstration at Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills and Srinagar Colony main road.The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department directed the GHMC commissioner to enter into an agreement with M2M consortium by taking bank guarantee for implementing SLEEAP in the entire GHMC area to guide the state towards saving high-value energy.As part of the project, the consortium assured the use of state-of-the-art equipment to reduce power consumption such as switching on or off the street lights by remote terminal using the internet, monitor electrical parameters like voltage, current active and reactive power, number of street lights glowing and system-generated job cards on fuse errors, incoming power errors and MCB errors, which would not only save energy, but also ensure 100% glow with well-maintenance of street lights.After some contractors approached the court against the selection of M2M consortium and the technical feasibility of the project, it was stalled for over a year. Official sources said evaluation of the feasibility report submitted by M2M consortium for 15 years was to be done by Deloitte Touche Thomastu India Pvt Ltd, but ran into problems, including payment of consultation fee.Though legal hurdles were cleared in September 2011, the corporation has failed to implement the project as Deloitte, which was entrusted with the work of studying the feasibility report, has not submitted its report yet.When contacted, GHMC additional commissioner (electrical) Jayaraj Kennedy said they were pursuing the issue with the consultant, Deloitte, which promised to submit the report next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356263", "title": "Min sanctions Rs 108.23 crore for development works in Badaun", "text": "LUCKNOW: PWD and irrigation minister, Shivpal Yadav on Saturday sanctioned Rs 108.23 crore for development works to be done by the district planning samiti. Presiding over a meeting in Moradabad, Yadav, who is also minister in-charge for Badaun, assured the local authorities and leaders that funds paucity will not come in the way of development of the city.Yadav indicated issuance of an additional grant of Rs 100 crore to Badaun. He said that Samajwadi Party had kept Badaun high on its priority list during its earlier rule. \"The same treatment will be meted out to the city during the present regime,\" he said at the meeting, which was also attended by Badaun MP Dharmendra Yadav besides a host of other senior leaders and authorities. tnnYadav informed that the New Energy Development Authority (Neda) has agreed to install 900 solar powered street lights in Badaun. Likewise, the state government will also be constructing boundary walls in 405 primary schools. He said that the state government has also conceded to the demands of the MLAs to increase the target of installing tube wells from 500 to 900.The minister also asked the authorities to see that the government sponsored schemes are properly executed. Allotment of houses to poor under the Indira Awas Yojana also came up for discussion. Authorities must ensure that allotment procedures must be strictly adhered to, so that no one gets more than one house under the scheme, he said.Yadav also gave his in principle approval to increase in government aid from Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000 to poor for getting their daughters married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17353968", "title": "Can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t get enough LPG cylinders? Shift to induction cooker", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent cap on number of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per year per household, imposed by the Union government, has added two new words to the lexicon of domestic cooking - induction cooktops. Traders who deal in household appliances say the sale of induction cooktops has risen tremendously in the past few months.\"The demand has almost doubled,\" says T S Arora, owner, Mahindra Department Store, which stocks six or seven brands of the cooktops. Though the cap came into effect only in September, the demand for inductions cooktops has seen an increase since the beginning of the year, as people looked for alternatives to traditional gas stoves. \"Even before the cap, there were issues with the availability of gas cylinders, and their prices. Besides, now people want simpler cooking options,\" says Puneet Kapoor, owner of a household goods shop, Sham di Hatti.Induction cooktops, which run on electricity, use electromagnetic radiation to directly heat cooking vessels, as opposed to gas stoves, which transfer heat from burning flame to the vessel. The result, experts say, is faster and evenly heated food - induction cooktops take about two minutes to boil a litre of water, as compared to eight minutes by traditional gas stoves.Since induction cooktops also heat the cookware directly, there is little wastage of energy as well. \"Energy efficiency with induction is about 90%, while it is about 68% in a gas stove,\" says Chandru Kalro, COO, Prestige TTK. The US Department of Energy also concludes that an induction cooktop is 84% efficient, while a gas stove's efficiency is just about 40%, with much of the heat escaping into the surroundings.\"Preliminary industry discussions suggest a reduction of 20-25% in energy used by the equipment on site compared to standard electric designs as well as faster cooking time and a cooler cooking surface,\" says Rebecca Duff, senior manager, ICF International, a consultancy that operates in various segments, including energy.A December 2011 research study had revealed that aesthetic appeal and new technology drive sales of appliances in India, and growth in sales of induction cookers outpaced other kitchen products like the microvave oven. Convenience in the kitchen, it seems, is a big factor. \"It's portable so I can make my lunch even while watching television in another room. Since it's so quick, I also prepare lunch to take to work,\" says Sheetal Dodia, who recently purchased a basic model to support the gas stove.\"Till last year there were just one or two big brands, now there are about 50. There are different types of induction cooktops for different needs and budgets. Models start at about Rs 2,000 and go up to Rs 7,000,\" says Hemant Mittal, owner, Namita Store.Since it can take time for a person to adjust to the high speed of heat in an induction cooktop and control heat levels, companies now have preset menus and customized plans for Indian cooking in their models. Intense competition between players has led to greater development in induction cooking as well. \"In the past year, we have launched at least six new models, including one with voice interface and another hybrid model with LPG and induction,\" says Kalro. Other brands have also come up with models that include double burners, LED technology, child lock, auto off options, and timer.Despite the potential benefits of induction cooking, there is still time before it replaces traditional gas stoves as the primary source of cooking. \"I often stir-fry food, and that requires me to toss the pan, which isn't possible with an induction cooktop. Similarly, there is no option to cook items directly on the flame,\" says Poonam Dhavan, a homemaker. \"User acceptance may be a barrier as high heat up times requires a different approach to cooking,\" says Duff.Another obvious issue with induction cooktops is the cookware. Since it works on electromagnetic radiation, it requires ferromagnetic cookware like cast iron, or most stainless steel. Simply speaking, a pan is compatible if a magnet sticks to its bottom.\"When comparing fuels one must also take into consideration source efficiency. An induction cooktop may be 80% efficient but the power plant providing electricity may only be 30% efficient,\" says Duff, adding that induction loads also add to India's already high level of peak deficit (close to 10%), and most areas face load shedding peak time. Since these cooktops work on electricity, power outages here run the risk of causing interruptions to the cooking process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17355688", "title": "Traditional start to 55th Kalidas Samaroh Anupam Kher receives Kalidas Samman", "text": "UJJAIN: The 55th All India Kalidas Samaroh got off to a traditional start in Ujjain on Saturday with noted film and drama artist Anupam Kher receiving the All India Kalidas Samman (Rangkarma) for the year 2011 instituted by the MP Government.State culture, higher education minister Laxmikant Sharma was the chief guest on the occasion.Addressing the gathering, Kher said he has been waiting for the last 5-6 years hoping the MP government would call him for this award and finally the moment has come.Whenever I feel my acting prowess has rusted a bit, I promptly play a drama, Anupam Kher said drama not only improved one's acting skills but teaches us life as well. Sharing his success story starting from his days of struggle, when he earned a mere Rs five for his dramas, Kher said dreams are must and no dreams remain unfulfilled if there is hard work and determination. He said one should always remember his starting point in the career as this would give a real feeling of the success and achievements.Later, Anupam Kher presented his much appreciated solo play titled 'Kuch bhi ho sakta hai'. The play was based on the life sketch of Kher.Speaking on the occasion, Laxmikant Sharma said the government was committed to promoting art and culture and to preserve the historic literary tradition of Ujjain.Academic guest Rewa Prasad Diwedi asked the government for a panel of academicians to promote Sanskrit literature work. Vikram university VC T R Thapak delivered welcome address while Kalidas Academy director Baldevanand Sagar proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ongole/guntur", "code": "17355781", "title": "DGP cautions netizens", "text": "ONGOLE/GUNTUR: Cautioning youth against posting any impetuous statements on social websites, state police chief V Dinesh Reddy has said police will not hesitate in taking action whenever the laws of the land are violated. \"Keeping law and order is paramount,\" he said. Speaking to the reporters in Guntur on Saturday, Dinesh Reddy, who was on a day's visit to Prakasam and Guntur districts, said youngsters should take appropriate care while reacting on social websites. tnnReacting to a query on the arrest of two girls in Maharashtra for their reactions on social websites after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackery's death, the DGP said although the police would not go after everyone, the netizens need to react in certain situations in a responsible manner.He suggested the youth to be cautious enough in posting their responses and also keep the laws of the land in mind.Dinesh Reddy said no political party was found involved in the clashes in old city of Hyderabad. He said that the situation was fully in control. The DGP said that the wages of home-guards would be hiked to Rs.300 per day from the existing Rs.200 per day. He said that government had agreed to revise the wages. In addition, the home guards would be brought under the Arogyasri scheme and would get an increase in other allowances.The DGP admitted there were some lapses in transfer of circle inspectors in Guntur range. He said that a special investigation team (SIT) would be formed to probe the offences committed by money circulation scheme operators in the state. He said police teams were finding it difficult in unearth scams being committed by the money circulation scheme operators and hence all such crimes would be probed by a separate SIT.The DGP later inaugurated police station buildings at Medarametla, J Pangulur and Purchur before reaching Bapatla in Guntur district. He participated in similar programmes in Bapatla, Vemur, Tenali and Guntur town. SPs Kolli Raghuramireddy, J Satyanarayana (Guntur rural) and Ake Ravikrishna (Guntur urban) accompanied the police chief in his tour in the two districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17354810", "title": "Nagpur experiences record-breaking chill to sunny weather in a week", "text": "NAGPUR: Only six days ago, Nagpur experienced a record-breaking minimum temperature of 10.2 degree Celsius. For almost a week until last Saturday, the temperatures were five degrees below normal. In less than a week's time, the tables have turned with the temperatures in the city rising above normal. So much so, that this Saturday was almost a sunny day.The condition was similar all across Vidarbha, with only Yavatmal having a minimum temperature that was more than four degrees below normal. Except Amravati, the maximum temperatures in the region also remained close to or above average.\"This condition is due to the withdrawal of the cold wave that the region was experiencing until last week,\" said an official of the regional met department. He also said that the upswing of temperatures is a phenomenon that will continue for the next couple of days.The prevailing and forecasted weather condition is a turn around for the month that became the coldest November in more than a decade only a week ago. For three consecutive days last week, starting Thursday, the minimum temperatures for those days became the lowest in the city since many a years.Even on Monday, the minimum and maximum temperatures of the city were 4 and 1 degrees below normal respectively. By Thursday, the temperatures had touched the normal mark already. On Saturday, the minimum temperature was two degrees above normal at 15.8 while the maximum was a degree above normal at 31.1 degrees.Last Saturday, Yavatmal was almost nine degrees colder than normal with its minimum temperature being 8.6 degrees on the Celsius scale, which rose to 12.2 which is five degrees below normal this Saturday. Departure from normal minimum temperature at Akola rose from last week's five degrees to zero degrees this week. The maximum temperature of the region was recorded at Akola at 33.8 degrees wile the minimum was 12.2 at Yavatmal. The minimum temperatures at other places remained more than 15 degrees while the lowest maximum temperatures too were above 29 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354872", "title": "Curfew in Sirsa", "text": "The district administration imposed curfew in Sirsa on Saturday following violent clashes between followers of the controversial Dera Sacha Sauda sect and the Sikh community. District officials said the curfew was imposed on Saturday evening to prevent the situation from escalating. The clash left at least six people injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356602", "title": "On show, the finest, smartest of man's best friend", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 250 dogs of more than 35 breeds, sporting attractive accessories and in their best attire thronged the dog show organised by Kanpur Kennel Club here on Saturday. Though polite breeds like pugs, pomeranians and labradors attracted the visitors but the dangerous Akita duo hogged the lime light. Interestingly, cats too remained a centre of attraction among hundreds of dogs in the show.Amid cheers, dog owners walked down the ground with their pets in the dog show by Kanpur Kennel Club. While, organisers tested the dogs on various skills and tasks to find the 'Best of Breed', their owners gave the audiences wide information about the various breeds and characteristics.According to the organisers, nearly 268 dogs participated in the event. Various breeds like Pomeranian, Doberman, German shepherd, Labrador, Dalmatian and boxers participated in the event and made their owners proud by winning titles and shields.Apart from the big and obedient dogs, the rare breeds like Chihuahua the smallest dog, Rottweiler, the most dangerous dog, pug, the most liked and dogs of some large breeds like St Bernard, Bull Mastiff, Nap Mastiff and English Mastiff too remained the centre of attraction in the show.\"Every year, I come to attend the show to get an idea about the dog's world. We have a golden retriever and Labrador for the last six years. They are a part of our family and a calming influence,\" said Mahendra Sigh, from Jabalpur.Manish from Chandigarh, who owns a German shepherd, St Bernard, a Pomeranian, and a Labrador said, \"Every breed has its own characteristics and nature. I own all these breeds, so I can learn about all of them. Dogs can sense our family's joy and problems and behave accordingly. They are our family members.\"Another dog lover and owner of two Labrador named 'Koyel' and 'Kratika' said that he travelled all the way to Jabalpur. It's his third visit to the city and her daughter like dogs have made him proud by winning shields. \"It is exciting to see so many different breeds of dogs in one place. Shows like this also give us a chance to interact with other dog,\" said Mickey, owner of two pug duos.This year, the dog show was also attended by the winner of 'India's Most Obedient Dog', named 'Carol', a black Labrador. The three cats owned by Kanika from MP were the special attraction of the show which attracted large audiences.\"Much to our surprise, the event received a huge response from dog owners as they got a single platform to interact with other owners,\" said Manish Singh Chauhan, president, Kanpur Kennel Club. He added that organisers will launch an informative book on various breed of dogs, especially those who have participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17356362", "title": "Two Punjab power plants short of required coal stock", "text": "PATIALA: Authorities in Punjab are scrambling to keep control of power situation after agitation by former Jharkhand chief minister Babulal Marandi in Pakur district of his state for rehabilitation of people affected by coal mines hit coal supply to thermal power plants. Out of three thermal power plants being run by PSPCL, only one has mandatory coal stock of one month while remaining two are in critical and super critical situation due to lack of coal stock.Norms mandate that every plant must have coal stock of at least one month, but in Punjab only Guru Nanak Dev Thermal Plant in Bathinda has coal stock of more than two months while Gobind Singh Super Thermal plant in Ropar has stock for just 16 days and is in critical category while Guru Hargobind Thermal Plant in Lehra Mohabat has 13 days coal stock and is in super critical category. Sources informed that Punjab receives coal from Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal.\"Since demand has come down to 883 lakh units (LU) and we have 936 LUs available, we don't see any immediate impact. Jharkhand contributes only 30% coal to PSPCL. We are taking all steps to deal with the situation if supply worsens in the coming days,\" said spokesman of PSPCL.Details of coal stocks show that Bathinda plant has total 1,06,607 metric tonne (MT) coal and it consumes around 308 MT coal daily to generate 440 MW power, Ropar super plant has total 2,90,187 MT coal and it consumes 15,914 MT to generate total 1,260 MW power while Lehra Mohabat plant has 1,78,747 MT coal and consumes around 10,096 MT to generate 920 MW power.Some officers working in generation of power in PSPCL said they have been keeping a close eye on the developments in Jharkhand and have plans to increase their hydel generation and reduce the supply of power to other states if circumstances demand so in the coming days.On Friday, PSPCL authorities did not receive any coal at Bathinda plant as it already has sufficient stock of coal and shifted the stock of 8218 MT to Lehra Mohabat plant while Ropar plant received 19,118 MT coal on Friday.\"We have our tabs in place. Presently there is no reason to worry as the demand for power is low. We would take steps in the coming days as per requirement,\" said director, distribution, Gurbachan Chhabra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17356407", "title": "Depressed doctor hangs to death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A doctor hanged himself at his residence in Perur Chettipalayam on the outskirts of the city on Friday. Police said, he took the extreme step as he was depressed over his divorce, six months ago.The deceased was identified as A Karthikeyan Venkatraman, 41, a doctor, of GVL Nagar near Perur Chettipalayam. He hailed from Salem district and was running a clinic at the same locality for the past 12 years. His wife Vijayalakshmi, a doctor, was working with him. The couple had no child.Few years ago, misunderstandings arose between the couple and they filed for divorce. Six months ago, the couple got divorced. Vijayalakshmi started living in her mother's house at Chennai.Post his divorce, Karthikeyan became depressed and avoided speaking to anyone. On Friday morning, his father Appavu had gone to Salem and returned home in the evening. He knocked on the door but there was no response. The door was locked from inside. He opened the door with the help of the neighbours and found Karthikeyan hanging.The Perur police was alerted by the neighbours and the police rushed to the spot and sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for an autopsy. The body was handed over to the family members on Saturday.Perur police have registered a case under section 174 CrPC and the detailed probe is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17356102", "title": "20 Kashmiri kids in state for the Bharat Darshan", "text": "JAISALMER: BSF is making a lot of efforts to connect Kashmiri children of terrorism-affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir with the mainstream of the nation and in this series, 20 Kashmiri children reached Rajasthan for the Bharat Darshan tour sponsored by BSF. These children after visiting Ajmer dargah and other tourist places like Mehrangarh Fort reached the BSF headquarters. The kids played cricket and made the most of their outing.The children also visited Kendriya Vidyayala at BSF and enjoyed a cultural programme. Later, they met BSF IG PC Meena. He encouraged the children to become good citizens and do good work for the country. On this occasion, senior BSF officers were also present.The team left for Jaipur as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17360626", "title": "Shri Shri Ravi Shankar inaugurates new bank in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: Spiritual leader Shri Shri Ravi Shankar inaugurated the 21st branch of the Seva Vikas Cooperative Bank at Pimpale Saudagar in Pimpri.Speaking on the occasion, Shri Shri Ravi Shankar said banks should serve the society. The society too should make use of the services offered by the bank. In this way, banks will be able to start new branches to serve more people, he said. Earlier, Shri Ravi Shankar inspected the working of the bank. He was felicitated with a special `Puneri Pagadi' (headgear), and a shawl by the office-bearers of the bank.The guests present on the occasion included MLA Laxman Jagtap, Shiv Sena district chief Umesh Chandgude, NCP city unit president Yogesh Behl and bank chairman Amar Mulchandani.The management of the bank said that the bank proposes to start new branches. Some new branches at Lonavla and on Pune-Satara road are to be opened within a fortnight. The bank has so far released a loan amount of Rs 470 crore. It presently has deposits of Rs 600 crore. The management said that new branches are to be opened across the country.Earlier, a three day spiritual programme was organised in Navi Sangvi by MLA Laxman Jagtap. Thousands of people participated in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354592", "title": "Former sports minister MS Gill slams 'paper tiger' IOC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former sports minister MS Gill, the man behind the Sports Code which has led to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) threatening the Indian Olympic Association with a ban, called the international body a \"paper tiger\" on Friday and criticized it for trying to block good practices which it itself follows.\"What is a good practice for the IOC is being sought to be blocked in India,\" Gill told TOI, referring to IOC's objections that IOA should not follow the Sports Code in the elections.\"Soon after I became the sports minister, I faced serious questions from the Delhi high court. I looked into the matter and decided that the reforms had to be done immediately for the good of Indian sportspersons. I framed a detailed order (on May 2, 2010) in which I limited everyone to finally retire from sports management at age 70. I limited the president's tenure to 12 years and executive members' tenure, to 8 years. These, in fact, I copied from the IOC's own regulations (charter),\" he added.\"The IOC had faced world condemnation when Avery Brundidge, the American president of IOC had continued for more than 30 years. He was followed by (Juan Antonio) Samaranch, a Spanish president, who also continued for more than 30 years. The IOC was forced to reform and fixed 70, 12, and 8 years formula,\" Gill told TOI.\"I aligned India to the IOC's own regulations and issued an order immediately applicable to IOA and all federations. I filed this order in the Delhi high court, which has continued to back this order. It is still valid unless cancelled by the Union Cabinet.\"Gill said that in the past, the threat of an \"IOC ban\" would invariably put the IOA bosses on the backfoot despite former PMs Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi efforts to ensure good governance in sport bodies. \"(At the (Delhi) CWG opening ceremony, (IOC president Jacques) Rogge sat next to me, and I told him that this (threat of ban) will not work with us. Will the IOC try these bullying tactics with China and with many dictators around the world?\" asked Gill, a former chief election commissioner of India.The reformed elections process, Gill said, was copied from the Election Commission of India. \"Has the IOC seen such good election practices in its member countries? Is it not its moral duty to promote India's good example to its members? It has to be remembered that the IOC, International Football Federation (FIFA), International Hockey Federation (FIH) and all of them are desperate for the votes of their members. They do not like to annoy their voters in any manner. I also see a clear sports imperialism of the west in all games. The western world controls every sport. Political imperialism has gone, but not sports imperialism. The IOC's current pressure is part of the same old game, and I see an Indian hand behind it. I hope the Indian authorities will not give in to spurious arguments. Don't be frightened, they are paper tigers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17358027", "title": "Ponty Chadha murder: Police find gun at Namdhari's farmhouse", "text": "DEHRADUN: In a breakthrough in the ongoing probe into Ponty Chadha murder case, the Delhi Police today recovered a pistol allegedly used during the farmhouse shootout from sacked Uttarakhand Minority Commission chairman Sukhbir Singh Namdhari's residence in Uttarakhand's Bajpur town.The Delhi Police team arrived at Namdhari's Bajpur residence this morning and recovered the 7.62 mm pistol of Indian make from there, Bajpur Circle Officer G C Panta said.Accompanied by Namdhari, the police team searched his residence in Uttarakhand's Uddham Singh Nagar district for other possible evidence.Namdhari was picked up for interrogation by the Delhi Police from his Bajpur home on Friday and later arrested. Police has accused him of being the main conspirator in the last Saturday's shootout that killed Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep, who was allegedly shot by him.Namdhari was sacked as Uttarakhand Minorities Commission Chairman after his proximity to Ponty Chadha came to light following the shootout incident where he was present.Police had told a magisterial court in Delhi yesterday that Namdhari had confessed to having shot Hardeep in the Chattarpur farm house in South Delhi last Saturday with his pistol when Hardeep pointed his gun at him.When the defence counsel contested the police theory after arguments from both the sides, Metropolitan Magistrate Sandeep Garg sent Namdhari to five days' police custody, saying, \"The investigating agencies should be given an opportunity for their endeavour to recover the weapon used in the crime.\"The investigating agency alleged that he is the main culprit and that he, in his FIR earlier, had not disclosed about the firing and had also hidden his gun.While coming out of the court premises, Namdhari had told media persons that he did not fire at Hardeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kadapa (ap)", "code": "17360874", "title": "Medical college students booked for ragging", "text": "KADAPA (AP): Seven students of a private medical college were booked today on the charge of ragging their juniors, police said.A group of seven students studying MBBS third-year allegedly ragged about five of their juniors on November 22 outside college premises by asking them to remove their shirts, they said.Following a complaint, Kadapa II Town police registered a case against seven students under the Anti-ragging Act.However, no one has been arrested so far, a senior police officer told PTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17356587", "title": "Batch of 1962 relives good old days at IIT-Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Day two of the golden jubilee reunion of the 1962 batch of IITians was packed with action. A number of events kept the ex-students a busy as a result of which, atmosphere at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur remained charged with jubilation.The IIT alumni, some of whom have settled abroad and others living in various parts of the country, were seen enjoying every moment of their stay on the IIT-Kanpur premises.The former students began their day with planting saplings on the campus and watering them.This was followed by a group photography session. The fun and frolic continued and during lunch, they assembled at 'Bagia' (an outdoor location on the campus) and relished delicacies served to them. As the location was of a mangrove, they enjoyed sitting under trees and tasting food in open giving the event the feel of an excursion.An alumnus of the batch of 1962 remembering his days spent at the IIT-Kanpur said, \"It is fun to be back where we have spent wonderful time. IIT-Kanpur has grown tremendously in terms of infrastructure. The campus is well maintained and is lush green. This part I loved most.\"\"When we had come to IIT-Kanpur it was still under construction. Our classes were conducted at Harcourt Butler Technical Institute (HBTI) those days. We studied for nearly six months on the HBTI campus after which we shifted to hostel (Hall I) at IIT-Kanpur. It was during our stay on campus till 1967 when a library, lecture halls, air strip etc were constructed in the institute. All this infrastructural development took place after we had settled on the campus,\" he added.Another alumnus while recalling the old days said, \"In our times we used to get a lot of homework from teachers. Sometimes we used to feel burdened but those were truly good days. We even used to attend our classes in bathroom slippers and were never scolded by our teachers as they only wanted us to concentrate on studies. We were also invited by teachers to their place during festivals like Holi and Dussehra and that used to give us a feeling of being at home.\"Pradip Kumar Agarwal, another ex-IITian, who completed his graduation from Metallurgy Department, recalled the old days saying he and his batchmates used to go to Heer, Regal and Sapna Palace cinema halls to watch a movie every weekend.\"We came up with a Cinema Club which became so popular that every week two movies were planned one English and the other Hindi. It was a craze watching movies those days for all of us,\" said Agarwal.Another alumnus added that all students took turns to be in charge of the mess and during that time he or she was not allowed to study. His responsibility was only to ensure that delicous food was served.This was not the end to the excitement and joy, as in the evening hours the ex-IITians enjoyed cultural programmes held in their honour. They clicked pictures and enjoyed the function. Before the day ended, the ex-students made sure to talk to students studying on IIT-Kanpur campus. These well placed IITians answered queries of students and told them about the success mantra in life. Hard work and die-hard spirit to achieve ambition helps gain victory was the motto and message to students during the interactive session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358311", "title": "Jagger horrified by fans' nude photos", "text": "Rolling Stones rocker Mick Jagger says he was once horrified when an elderly fan showed off a naked photograph of herself.The 69-year-old has enjoyed many memorable run-ins with fans over the course of his career as a rock star and some of the craziest things happened while the band were on tour in the US, reports femalefirst.co.uk.Describing an incident in New York in his biography, 'Mick Jagger', author Philip Norman wrote: \"He was stopped on the street by a grey haired, grandmotherly woman who said she had a photograph she wanted to show him.\"It proved to be of herself, lying on a bed, naked, with legs spread wide. When Mick showed distaste, the vintage vamp grabbed his hair and pulled him to the ground. Two or three of the NYPD minders had to work quite hard to disentangle them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355857", "title": "Giving wings to language dreams", "text": "Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy chairman Rahim Uchil, writer and film maker, is working towards giving wings to his dreams on making Beary language popular. Rahim, who produced Beary movie 'Mami Marmol' and acted in many Beary movies, including 'Sahana', 'Nangala Kutumba' and 'Beary', wants to introduce Beary as an optional language in schools. Another major project, the academy has taken up under his guidance is to publish a comprehensive dictionary of Beary - Kannada - Malayalam - English.Rahim, who assumed charge of the academy on February 6, was assaulted by miscreants at his office at Attavar on March 15. However, the incident did not deter him from going ahead with his dream projects that aims at popularizing the language and literature. Excerpts:What is the major task before the academy?Getting land for the construction of a cultural centre for Beary language is the task. We were pursuing the issue and have met district in-charge and higher education minister CT Ravi on the issue. A site has been identified at Padil in the city. However, it requires approval from the Mangalore City Corporation council and standing committee there. We will strive to realize the dream of having a cultural centre for Beary language.Is there any proposal to conduct research on history of Beary language, literature, culture and heritage?We have urged the government to establish Beary Study Chair at Mangalore University. Research can be carried out on history of Beary language through the Chair. We will also meet university vice-chancellor Prof TC Shivashankara Murthy to discuss about the proposal in detail.Will academy take initiatives to introduce Beary language in schools?The academy has plans of introducing Beary language as an optional language. We are in the process of framing a curriculum in Kannada script.What is the major project on anvil? The academy will soon publish a Beary - Kannada - Malayalam - English dictionary. We have set up a committee to chalk out plans to prepare the dictionary. The work will commence once the proposal is approved by the government. A meeting of language experts will be convened to discuss about the preparation of the dictionary. We are expecting to complete the work by March next year.What is your take on the attack on you?I had undergone a lot of physical and mental pain because of that attack, but the incident did not deter me from returning to office. I do not harbour any grouse nor seek revenge on those who have attacked. It is up to the law of the land and God to decide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17354274", "title": "Reds murder 'cop informer'", "text": "KORAPUT: The Red rebels gunned down a gram rakhi (village guards) in Koraput district on Friday night suspecting him to be a police informer. The deceased is Goura Chandra Dalai (55) of Dasmantpur village within Boipariguda police limits.According to sources, a group of armed Maoists swooped down on the village, around 50 km from here, around 9 pm and dragged Dalai out of the village temple where he was watching a bhajan programme. Later, villagers found his body lying in a pool of blood few metres from the village.\"Though Dalai pleaded with Maoists to spare him, the Red rebels forcibly took him with them by tying his hands while he was at the village temple. The Maoists fired at him from a close range,\" said eye-witnesses. Police recovered few Maoist letters from the spot that stated that the gram rakhi was punished for working as a police informer.However, brushing aside the Maoists claim SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar said, \"He was never our informer. We had never ever received any information from him for our anti-Maoists operations. The Red rebels kill people to settle personal scores and brand them as police informers.\"Sources said security personnel launched a massive counter-insurgency operation in the area recently and the Maoists might have held the gram rakhi responsible for supplying information to the securitymen for the operation. \"We have our own informers and never depend on the gram rakhi's for any type of anti-Maoist exercises as they rarely come to police stations. In no way, the deceased was involved in our recently conducted combing operation, \"the SP said.The Maoists have murdered five gram rakhi's in Koraput and Malkangiri districts, including the recent one, in the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "17356514", "title": "Youth murdered in Thanjavur", "text": "THANJAVUR: A 20-year-old youth was stabbed to death by another youth in Athirampattinam in Thanjavur district on Saturday. Police arrested one person in connection with the murder.Khaja Mohaideen, 20, a graduate from Athirampattinam was stabbed by a mechanic Khader Mohaideen, 23, from the same area on Friday evening. The murder took place when Khaja Mohaideen was chatting with his friends near Kattupalli ground. Khader Mohaideen came by bike and stabbed Khaja on his back and fled. The victim sustained severe injuries despite which he was admitted to a private hospital in Thanjavur, where he succumbed to injuries. Irate relatives of Khaja Mohaideen attacked the residence of Khader Mohaideen. Meanwhile, police arrested Khader Mohaideen. However, a team of 20 policemen have been deployed in the area to prevent any untoward incidents.Police investigation revealed that Khaja Mohaideen was the younger brother of Sheik Naziruddin and Faisal Ahamed.There was a long-term enmity between Faisal Ahamed and the mechanic Khader Mohaideen.However, Faisal Ahamed went abroad for his work. But the enmity was raging between Khaja Mohaideen and Khader Mohaideen and it led to the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17358239", "title": "Bal Thackeray 'sitting duck', Headley had said after recce", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai terror attack conspirator David Headley, who had surveyed most of the 26/11 targets, had also conducted a recce of Bal Thackeray's heavily-guarded residence 'Matoshree' in suburban Bandra in 2008, and found that Shiv Sena chief was a \"sitting duck\".In his soon-to-be-released book, 'Headley and I', about filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt's son Rahul's unusual friendship with Headley during the latter's stay in Mumbai, author-journalist Hussain Zaidi has revealed how the LeT operative scanned Thackeray's residence with the help of Shiv Sena activist Vilas, a gym instructor.Pakistani-American Headley frequently visited a gym in south Mumbai where Rahul Bhatt and Vilas worked out, and befriended them.Headley, according to Zaidi, found loopholes in the late Sena chief's security at Matoshree.The book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be released within a week, Zaidi told PTI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d also reproduces Headley's statements recorded by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Chicago .According to Zaidi, the book tells how Headley once even visited Matoshree and photographed it for 15 minutes, posing as 'a fan'.Post-Matoshree visit, Headley told Rahul that Thackeray was \"a sitting duck\".\"A small bunch of desperadoes can break that security cover and reach Thackeray. I have no idea why the police are so proud of the protection he has been given,\" Headley is quoted as having said.During reconnaissance of several targets in the metropolis, the Pakistan-origin US national, who had learnt to play golf in Lahore , made a visit to Willingdon Club here too, and termed a possible strike on the posh club as \"icing on the cake\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17358607", "title": "Open house", "text": "With a playwright, director and actor in the family, a play turns into a housewarming giftIt's a room large enough to hold three happy people, a mob of books, table lamps trained to scatter gentle light, a picture of Urdu-Persian poet Mirza Ghalib and a framed sheet of frail paper that carries Ghalib's couplet in his own handwriting.But two sketches hold pride of place at scriptwriter Javed Siddiqui's Four Bungalows office \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a sketched interpretation of the climax of Shatranj ke Khiladi made by its director Satyajit Ray , and a drawing by late artist MF Husain inspired by Siddiqui's Hindi play, Aapki Soniya. \"Husain was a great friend. As soon as I had finished narrating the script, he handed the sketch over to me, saying, 'here's your poster',\" smiles Siddiqui about the sequel to the legendary production Tumhari Amrita, that's enjoyed a 20-year run.\"It was the third play that my son-inlaw Salim (Arif) directed for our theatre group Essay Communications.\"\"It's very hectic. Salim is at the recording,\" says Siddiqui's actor daughter Lubna Salim. The team is in the midst of manic rehearsals for Yudhishthir aur Draupadi, the dramatised version of Pavan K Varma's English poem exploring Yudhishthira's relationship with Draupadi. Which brings us to the fourth pillar of the team. The poem has been translated and adapted by famed lyricist and writer Gulzar, who, Siddiqui says, likes to silently soldier on with writing at his Pali Hill home.Minutes later, Arif arrives, kicking off banter over repeated rounds of chai. The trio quickly clarifies that they don't operate as 'professionals'. \"We just sit and chat. And it's while talking that something interesting springs up, and we decide if we'd like to turn it into something,\" explains Siddiqui.Theatre, in the family's words, is a mad passion best pursued collectively. In fact, a few years ago, when Lubna and Arif bought a new apartment at Oshiwara, Siddiqui decided to plan a house-warming gift. The two were presented a play \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mulla Re Mulla.The trio's intention is to pursue theatre of a certain kind, with an emphasis on language and literature. This principle manifests itself in productions like Hum Safar, Kachche Lamhe and Kharaashein.Despite the common goal, creative differences are inevitable, they admit. But arguments rarely travel back home. \"After a point, I detach myself. I become the audience. I don't take myself too seriously,\" says Arif. \"That's a great quality about him,\" smiles Lubna.Siddiqui says working with his children sharpens the challenge. \"When I am working with the two of them, my duty doubles. I fight, stage walkouts, make things difficult for them \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's all for the good of theatre.\" At home, Lubna says, he is 'papa'. \"He turns into Javed Siddiqui when it comes to work. But like us, he too is receptive to feedback.\"What helps is an internal specialisation of sorts. Siddiqui handles the writing, Arif helms direction and Lubna takes the stage. And Arif is happy to be the backbencher. \"I always let my writers have the final word. It's their play. The play is always known by the writer. The director is just an interpreter of the story.\"Siddiqui is unwilling to gobble credit. The director, he explains, is the one to figure the pulse of the audience. \"I sit in a corner in my room jotting down notes based on my conviction.\"In the case of their 2006 production Kachche Lamhe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d based on Gulzar's short story Seema \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the climax was altered a few times before they blocked the final act. \"Salim (Arif) created something that was not in my mind or Gulzar's. And it worked,\" exults Siddiqui.\"And what about the actor?\" Lubna asks in mock protest.The couple met through Siddiqui's wife Farida, who was working along with a young Arif on the costumes of Shyam Benegal's 53-episode historical-drama Bharat Ek Khoj, based on Jawaharlal Nehru's book, The Discovery of India. \"My mother would invite him over for a meal, and he'd end up having long chats with my dad,\" she says. \"I'd think to myself, someone who connect with papa has to be a genius!\"Arif throws her a warm smile, their eyes locked in dialogue. Siddiqui teases. \"Would you like me to leave the room?\" A pause later, he continues, \"I didn't want her to marry anyone other than an artiste. I was truly happy with their alliance,\" says Siddiqui.We let the writer have the last word.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17356486", "title": "Veerapandi Arumugam laid to rest", "text": "SALEM: Thousands of people gathered at Poolavari in Salem district on Saturday to pay homage to senior DMK leader, Veerapandi S Arumugam, who died in Chennai on Friday. Among those present at the funeral were MDMK chief Vaiko, Union minister M K Alagiri, DMK treasurer M K Stalin, former Union minister A Raja, Kanimozhi, Durai Murugan and PMK president GK Mani.On Saturday afternoon around 3pm, the body of Arumugam, who dominated politics in Salem and neighbouring districts for over three decades, was placed in a hearse decorated with flowers. The last rites were performed at a family plot which also houses the grave of Arumugam's son, Nedunchezhian. Markets in Salem were closed and autos, taxis, buses kept off the road as the funeral procession started from Arumugam's Poolavari residence. Cadres of MDMK, DMDK, PMK and Congress also attended the funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356245", "title": "Two killed, seven hurt as van rams parked tractor", "text": "CHENNAI: Two women employees of a bag manufacturing unit in Red Hills were killed and seven others were injured when their van collided with a parked tractor near Sholavaram on Friday. The employees were returning home from work when the accident took place around 7pm.Police said the van's driver , while overtaking another vehicle, lost control and hit a tractor which was parked by the roadside. Two women, Usha, 22, and Uma, 21, were killed on the spot. Van driver Babu and passengers Lalitha, Parameshwari, Malar, Valli, Kanchana and Kavitha were injured and admitted to the Government General Hospital in Chennai. Fourteen other employees escaped unhurt .Police said there were 22 women travelling in the van. They were all residents of Keezhmeni village near Gummidipoondi and employed in the leather bag manufacturing unit. Police said the accident happened due to the van driver's error of judgment . \"While he was overtaking a vehicle at a sharp curve, he failed to notice the tractor parked on the side and banged against it.\"Soon after the mishap, passersby helped some of the passengers stuck under the van come out by breaking open windshields. The rescued people were shifted to the Government General Hospital for treatment.Police said the two women died due to excessive blood loss. They were stuck under a broken iron rod and could not be easily extricated, police said. The Sholavaram police registered a case under Section 304(A) (death caused due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code. Van driver Babu has been arrested though he is undergoing treatment in a hospital.Tamil Nadu tops the National Crime Records Bureau's list in number of road accidents. A total of 15,422 people died in accidents between April 2011 and March 2012. In Chennai, about 1,500 people died in road accidents in 2011.Officials say a majority of fatalities on roads happen because of reckless driving . Police say close to 50% of road accident victims in the city were also responsible for the accidents. Only 15% of the deaths were caused due to errors by drivers of other vehicles . The rest of those who died, or 38% of the fatalities, were pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354311", "title": "36 more dengue cases reported in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another 36 people in the city were detected with dengue on Saturday taking the total number of people affected by the mosquito-borne disease this season to 1,904. While 35 new cases were reported from East, South and North Delhi Corporation areas, one was from NDMC.So far, four persons have died here due to dengue. South Delhi Corporation reported the maximum number of 738 cases, while 617 cases were detected from the North Delhi corporation area and 489 from East Delhi corporation. Other cases were reported from NDMC and Delhi cantonment areas. Last year, 976 cases were reported and five deaths took place due to this vector-borne disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17360893", "title": "IIM Rohtak organises 'India for the Girl Child' mini-marathon", "text": "ROHTAK: A number of students and citizens ran in the 2nd 'India for the Girl Child' mini-marathon held here today by the Indian Institute of Management Rohtak (IIM-R).The mini-marathon, symbolising the long and often arduous journey that a girl child has to undertake in her life, was aimed at creating awareness about saving the girl child and the need to increase the child sex ratio in the country.The mini-marathon was formally inaugurated by Rajesh Jain, CMD, LPS Bossard and Prof P Rameshan, Director, IIM-R by lighting the ceremonial lamp in a brief function held at the MDU Athletics Stadium.Prof Rameshan, in his welcome address spoke about the efforts of IIM Rohtak towards empowering the girl child.Jain delivered the inaugural address, applauding IIM Rohtak's initiative and encouraging participants.The 10 km run was flagged off by dignitaries from Tagore Auditorium, MDU Campus followed by the 5 km (men and women) run and the 3 km run for schoolchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17355994", "title": "Road infrastructure key to reducing accidents", "text": "PUNE: Improved road infrastructure, more highway police posts and trauma care centres have played an important role in decreasing the number of road accidents and checking deaths in Maharashtra, including Pune district, in 2011. The city has reported fewer deaths and injuries in road mishaps in the year 2011 as compared to 2010.The criminal investigation department's (CID) 14th annual report, 'Crime in Maharashtra 2011', shows that there were 13,680 deaths and 45,374 injures in accidents in 2011. This is a marginal but significant drop from the year 2010 when 14,603 people were killed and 48,353 were injured in the state in road accidents.In Pune, however, 511 people were killed in 2011 as compared to 480 in 2010 and the number of injuries in the city were 1,336. In Pune rural, 1,021 people were killed and 2,114 were injured in 2011 while 743 were killed and 2,921 were injured in Mumbai.A CID official who did a comparative study on accidents in the state attributed the drop in accidents to better roads and improved medical services. He said that after four and six lanes were constructed on highways, roads were widened, the accident cases dropped. And injuries are being attended to promptly given the rise in the number of trauma care centres at the district level.City traffic cops believe that fewer mishaps is a result of the many measures they have undertaken. \"We have been taking various measures for road safety throughout the year including public awareness campaigns, special drives against negligent and rash driving,\" said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare. He, however, said that there was a need to reduce the speed of vehicles and that people must follow defensive driving practices. \"We have identified various accident spots and road conditions must improve. There should be proper lane markings, road signages, zebra crossings, and facilities for safe movement of pedestrians,\" he said. The accident rate will decline further if more people start following traffic rules, he added.Superintendent of police (highways) Dilip Bhujbal said that the accidents have decreased and the vehicular traffic streamlined as road conditions have improved. He pointed out that projects for widening highways and constructing four lanes were completed in a time bound period. He also said that the traffic police could man the roads better after 2009 when the state government gave powers to the highway police to impose fines on people found violating traffic rules on par with the traffic police.\"We have increased police presence and have created public awareness by launching drives such as the one against drunken driving. We have increased the number of traffic aid posts from 18 to 30 in 12 districts such as Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Kolhapur, Ahmednagar, Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed, Parbhani, Osmanabad and Nanded,\" Bhujbal stated, adding that the highway police's excellent wireless communication system helps in receiving instructions from the office of state director general of police and police units in the state within minutes. \"This system plays an important role if there are accidents and traffic jams reported on the highways etc,\" he said.Superintendent of police (Pune rural) Manoj Lohiya said that there has been a marginal increase in accidents in the district because the vehicular population has increased but the road infrastructure has remained much the same. Citing an instance of the Pune-Mumbai expressway, Lohiya explained that the rural police were facing problems due to the increase in density of the vehicles with each passing hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356078", "title": "Worried Congress sends Azad to convince Karuna on FDI", "text": "CHENNAI: In a last-ditch effort to bring the DMK, a key ally, on board on the issue of foreign direct investment in retail , the Congress has decided to send Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to Chennai on Sunday. He is expected to meet DMK chief M Karunanidhi at his residence in the afternoon.While the BJP, its allies and the Left parties are persistent in their demand for a discussion on the issue in Parliament under rules that entail voting, the Union government is making all out efforts to garner support for its bigbang reforms aimed at reviving economic growth. In a bid to convince the opposition, PM Manmohan Singh even made personal appeals to BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley.The Congress is wooing the DMK as it is keen to avoid a major embarrassment of an important ally abstaining from voting. While the Samajwadi Party and the BSP are likely to stand by the government , it is the DMK which kept everyone guessing. The party, with 18 MPs, is the second biggest constituent of the Congress-led UPA. But senior DMK leaders told TOI that the party was likely to abstain from voting to satisfy the trading community, which forms the party's support base.Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad will hold talks DMK chief M Karunanidhi on the issue of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail here on Sunday.The Congress is wooing the DMK as it is keen to avoid a major embarrassment of an important ally abstaining from voting. \"Since our leader has said that he would not take a decision that would hurt traders in Tamil Nadu, there is every possibility of us abstaining from voting,\" said a senior leader.Karunanidhi had earlier refused to commit on the contentious issue, saying that \"let it (the DMK's stand) remain in suspense.\" Though he maintained the DMK parliamentary committee meeting would decide the DMK's stand if the issue is put to vote, there is no move as such to discuss the issue yet. His remarks came soon after Union finance minister P Chidambaram met him and sought his support for major reforms. In another development , Union shipping minister G K Vasan called on Karunandihi at his Gopalapuram residence on Saturday. Though the visit was ostensibly to condole the death of senior DMK leader Veerapandi Arumugam, party sources said the talks veered around the FDI issue too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356110", "title": "Winged visitors fly past Pallikaranai", "text": "CHENNAI: They're visitors that Chennaiites look forward to every November , but migratory birds seem to have flown slightly further south this year. Bird watchers say they haven't spotted a single one in the 421-acre marshland yet. Instead , the birds seem to be making their winter homes in the suburbs.More than 130 migratory birds from Siberia and north Asian regions , such as grey-headed lapwing , northern pintail, Eurasian thick-knee , pied avocet, common, marsh and spotted sandpipers and blacktailed godwit visit Pallikaranai every year. Many of the migratory birds are now in the suburban wetlands on the Sholinganallur-Medavakkam stretch. Bird watchers have spotted white-winged wood duck, painted stork and openbill stork at Sholinganallur, a wetland that is being encroached on by real estate developers over the last few years.Whistling duck, purple moorhen and blackwinged stilt have also been spotted at Sholinganallur and Kelambakkam. The Sholinganallur wetlands are probably the last remaining spots in the area that is continuing to attract migratory birds. E Seshan, a retired Zoological Survey of India official and veteran wildlife photographer, says many of the water birds have become a rarity at Pallikaranai this season.Pallikaranai, situated near Velachery, has been shrinking and dying for the last two decades, ever since the construction boom began. The state forest department prepared an eco-restoration plan for Pallikaranai six months ago and allotted a budget of Rs 40.5 lakh. Chennai corporation also handed over 170 hectares of marshland to the state forest department two months ago but work on the project has not begun. According to conservationists , birds are not visiting the area as the Chennai corporation is continuing to dump garbage there even though the government has declared it a protected area, and that is killing the ecosystem. \"The area surrounding the protected region should be declared a buffer zone. The garbage being dumped into the marsh contaminates the water with toxic material, killing plants and keeping birds and other species away from the marsh,\" says T Murugavel, a senior member ofMadras Naturalists' Society. Chennai corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan says they are dumping garbage only inside the designated yard in Pallikaranai. \"We will be shifting the dump yard soon and have started procedures to call tenders to set up a new waste processing unit far away from the protected area,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17355737", "title": "220 illegal colonies in constituency No. 5", "text": "INDORE: The number of illegal colonies within municipal limits of Indore is almost equal to legal colonies. City has 419 illegal colonies and 445 legal colonies. This has come out after a question filed with state assembly seeking detail of illegal and legal colonies in city.BJP MLA Jitu Jirati had filed a question with the state assembly about the status of legal and illegal colonies following which the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) came out with a figure of 419 illegal and 445 legal colonies in the city.Jitu Jirati, who had earlier raised the issue of illegal colonies at district coordination committee meeting in presence of guardian minister Gopal Bhargav is now going to raise the issue in the winter session of state assembly beginning from December 4.As per the detail, constituency number five has maximum of 220 illegal colonies where constituency number three has only one illegal colonies. Constituency number one has 107 illegal colonies, constituency two has 64 illegal colonies, constituency four has 19 illegal colonies and Rau has 8 illegal colonies.Jirati had recently raised the issue of illegal colonies in Indore, following district administration started an investigation against the illegal colonies and it was found that there are around 330 illegal colonies on the city outskirts. If we add the number of illegal colonies in municipal limit and outside it in Indore then Indore district has nearly 775 illegal colonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354026", "title": "Toilets for women must be safe, close by", "text": "NEW DELHI: While activists across the country have launched an initiative to curb open defecation and urination which, according to World Health Organisation, is the riskiest sanitation practice, women in the national capital still lack access to public toilets.\"Giving people access to toilets is not rocket science and we can find a solution. But the authorities lack will,\" Anita Bharghav of Let's Do It Delhi said. Her agency had been working on sanitation in Punjabi Bagh slums with Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board for over two years.A big problem with public toilets, Bhargav said, is the contract between land owning agencies and those in charge of maintaining them. \"Land-owning authorities hand over maintenance of public toilets to NGOs. Some give NGOs the right to charge Re 1 or Rs 2 for use of the toilets. But it's not economically viable to have too many subcontracts,\" she said. Her agency is working to increase capacity, build new toilets and create better contracts with a replicable model. \"Other people can borrow our plans and even improve them if they like,\" she said.Another problem is lack of sufficient public toilets for both men and women. A 2012 study on drinking water and sanitation by the WHO and UNICEF reveals that 626 million people in India do not have a closed toilet. It's the world's highest number, far ahead of Indonesia, which ranks second at just 63 million.But apart from building more public toilets, there is an urgent need to change the mindset of its intended users. \"In our culture, nobody thinks of stopping men from doing anything while women have boundaries. For women, talking openly about basic bodily needs like urinating or defecating is taboo,\" Rahul Gaekwad of Right To Pee, a Mumbai-based campaign with 35 participating NGOs, said.He says safety, too, is an area of concern for women when they visit public toilets as many are in remote areas, have less light or male attendants. \"We want toilets every two or three kilometres, women attendants, facilities like sanitary napkins and trash cans,\" he said. Though the campaign focusses on women, Gaekwad said it will help curb public urination because \"who will use the road if there is a facility nearby?\"In Bangalore, several initiatives have been taken up to change public behaviour. A street art campaign, The Pee Project, puts up lithographic posters of urinals on city walls to make men think twice before urinating on them. They are not alone. The Ugly Indians, an anonymous group of citizens of Bangalore, works on the motto - kaam chalu, mooh bandh. They have beautified a footpath, which previously served as a garbage dump and local urinal, by clearing obstacles to pedestrians, cleaning, painting walls, adding plants and flowers and maintaining it with the rationale that men will not dirty a clean footpath that people actually use.A new scheme introduced earlier this month in 34 villages in Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district aims to change public behaviour through public humiliation. Volunteers with drums and whistles literally blow the whistle on persons they see urinating or defecating in public. Those caught again in the act are liable to be fined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17355173", "title": "Poira temple broken into, cash stolen", "text": "BICHOLIM: Unidentified persons broke open the fund box of the Shri Siddhivinayak temple, Poira, on the night intervening Friday-Saturday and decamped with a cash of around 5000.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar said that a complaint was lodged by the devasthan president Deelip Ghatwal after the matter came to light on Saturday morning, when he had gone to temple to conduct rituals. The police also said that the culprits also effected entry into the house of the temple priest, but did not succeed in committing theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17355709", "title": "Cricket against Indian culture: Ramdev", "text": "UJJAIN: Yog guru Baba Ramdev on Saturday termed cricket as an enemy of Indian culture. He said the game was turning vulgar with the presence of cheerleaders during the Indian Premier League matches. He was speaking to reporters in Ujjain during a brief stopover on his way to Ratlam. He said the game was promoting betting and gambling in the country among youths.On hanging of Mumbai attack culprit Kasab, Ramdev said the manner in which the government secretly hanged Kasab virtually made him a hero. The government was under the fear that if this terrorist was hanged in public, it could have resulted in a massive protest. But who would support the terrorist responsible for Mumbai massacre, he asked. Referring to the recent action against some ayurvedic products of the companies promoted by him, Ramdev said the government was free to carry out investigation. Ultimately, the truth would come out, he added. He declined to support or reject the candidature of Narendra modi as Prime Minister saying that 2014 is still away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17354975", "title": "When law bows before faith!", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The gates of Chandrapur district central jail were opened for public on Saturday morning for annual 'urs' at the dargah of Gaibi Shah Wali Baba located inside the jail. Thousands of people thronged inside the jail throughout the day to pay their obeisance.It is an exceptional event in Chandrapur every year, when law bows before devotion and faith. Prison authorities open the gates of jail for devotees on the ninth and tenth day of Muharram month of Islamic Hijri calendar for 'urs'.The legend is related to Shahbuddin Shah alias Gaibi Shah Wali Baba, a Sufi, who created awareness among people against British rule during pre-Independence period. As per the legend, he was arrested in the month of Muharram and kept in the same prison during British regime. It was on the ninth day of Muharram the door of the prison opened mysteriously. Shahbuddin Shah was buried in the same prison after his death and now his tomb stands as dargah of Gaibi Shah Wali Baba.Keeping up with the tradition, the prison administration opens the gate on ninth and tenth day of Muharram every year. Around two lakh devotees from Chandrapur, Gadchiroli and adjacent districts visit the dargah during these two days.A distinct fact of the pious gathering is that the number of devotees from religions other than Islam is more than that of Muslims. After offering prayers devotees take the water of a well located adjacent to the dargah. The water is believed to have healing powers.On Saturday, among the visitors to the dargah were collector Vijay Waghmare and SP Rajiv Jain.Jail authorities had promptly locked all the inmates in cells and installed tight security to ensure the smooth functioning of the 'urs'. The gates were however closed in evening and will be opened for the devotees on Sunday, the concluding day of 'urs'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17356021", "title": "Over 50% employees take their superstitious beliefs to work: Study", "text": "PUNE: A nationwide survey of new-age workplaces has revealed that the highly educated, technology savvy workforce finds sanctity in its superstitious beliefs and even carries lucky charms to office desks. Most companies do not frown upon such practices as long as they are not offensive to others, the survey reveals.The study covered 800 companies across top eight cities, New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Ahmedabad and found that as many as 62 % respondents admitted to being superstitious in personal matters and as many as 51% respondents said they adopted superstitious methods at the workplace. The survey found Vaastu Shastra and Feng Shui most popular among Indian employees in these cities even as several others said they were happy keeping their stones, colour specific and number oriented items and the ubiquitous bamboo shoot on their desks.The study also states that managements in India are generally adaptive to various superstitious beliefs practiced by the employees and do not restrict them as long as it does not affect productivity negatively. In fact, senior management officials believe that superstitious practices are more prevalent among the company top brass.The study, Superstitions@Workplace, is part of a series of surveys to understand India's new world of work by human resources management firm Teamlease. The study found employees in Bangalore and New Delhi more superstitious compared to other cities. While Chennai had as many as 72 % respondents following a superstitious practice at their workplace, Mumbai disagreed dramatically with just 22% saying they followed any such practice at work. Cities like Pune and Ahmedabad too had few respondents agreeing to taking their superstitions to work.The age group of the respondents ranged between 21 and 45, with 60% of them employed at the junior level, 25% at middle management and 15% at a the senior level. The survey found more women employees (80%) practicing superstitions at work as compared to men (68%). Also, a majority of the respondents (63%) felt that female workers are more superstitious than their male counterparts.Surabhi Mathur Gandhi, senior vice-president and co-founder of TeamLease Services, said, \"Popular practices like Feng Shui or Vaastu are being discreetly incorporated by all and sundry. Good luck charms like the laughing Buddha, the musical fountain, frog, tortoise or even the simple bamboo shoot stand out strikingly at most work places today; and an acceptance of these beliefs across the board has made it non-conflictive.\"Tina Vas, vice-president Global HR at technology firm Collabera, told ToI that the findings of the survey aren't the least bit surprising. \"Given that India (even Asia for that matter) is a land of many cultures and ethnicities and people closely follow traditional practices and beliefs, a lot of us find solace in superstition.\" Vas added that her company doesn't prohibit employees from placing lucky charms or objects on their desks as long as they aren't offensive, don't cause any inconvenience and are in line with the office decorum. \"If employees believe such a practice will help them excel at work, we have no qualms about it,\" she said.Management consultant Surendra Deshmukh said its not just employees but even companies that follow many practices which would look superstitious. \"Right from choosing the office and drawing the layout and designing the seating arrangement, an upper hand is given to the beliefs the top management holds about the building. Even submission of business proposals or application for loan from a bank is done according to auspicious timings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17355562", "title": "Realtor hacked to death in Banashankari", "text": "BANGALORE: A 30-year-old realtor was hacked to death in full public view in Banashankari second stage on Saturday morning. He was on his way to court over a land dispute.Eyewitnesses told Banashankari police that four assailants waylaid Srinivas Venkatappa, who was sitting astride a grey TVS Victor, talking on his mobile, opposite Sevakshetra Hospital around 10.45am. They attacked him with lethal weapons and while three of them fled in an auto, one sped away on a motorbike. A seriously injured Srinivas lay bleeding on the road.\"Srinivas was talking on his mobile when they attacked him. It appears the assailants called him,\" police said, hinting the killers were known to the victim.Passersby and a traffic constable posted nearby immediately shifted Srinivas to Sevakshetra Hospital, but doctors declared him brought dead. A native of Anekal, Srinivas is survived by his wife and a son aged seven.This is the 15th murder reported in the city in November, and the fourth daylight killing in a span of a week.Preliminary police investigations revealed that Srinivas was heading to Anekal to appear before a local court for a hearing on a land case. \"He had filed a case against his family members, including cousins and uncle. They had a dispute over 20 acres in Bettaswamanahalli in Anekal,\" police said.According to his wife Gita, his rivals had threatened him with dire consequences, forcing the family to shift from Anekal to Bangalore in 2005. Before shifting, Srinivas owned a photocopying stall in Anekal. \"His life was under threat as he had filed many cases in court. Srinivas had approached Anekal police seeking protection,\" his brother Narayanaswamy said.In 2011, Anekal police had summoned Srinivas's opponents and warned them.\"We have vital clues about the assailants and special teams have fanned out across the city. We shall soon arrest the assailants,\" DCP (South) HS Revanna told TOI.KILLERS ON THE PROWL* Nov 23: Autorickshaw driver Babu Abdul from Padarayanapura stabbed to death in Chandra Layout (West Bangalore)* Nov 20: Journalist-turned-RTI activist Lingaraju Devaiah hacked to death outside his Chamarajpet house (South Bangalore)* Nov 17: Rowdy element Karthik alias Lodde chased and brutally kill by gang in Mahalakshmi Layout (North Bangalore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17356104", "title": "Cameras monitor kids in school", "text": "HUBLI: To keep an eye on the student-teacher interaction and to monitor children's behaviour, KLE English School in Manjunath Nagar here has installed surveillance cameras in all the high-school classrooms.Nine CCTV cameras have been installed in Classes 7 to 10 and school authorities monitor the classroom during lunch break to prevent thefts and also observe students' behaviour in class when the teacher is not there. Principal Catherine Dinesh can watch the CCTV feed from her cabin.The system was installed in July 2011 and it's the only school in Hubli to have such a monitoring unit.Catherine told STOI that normally principals won't know what's happening in each and every classroom. \"Some teachers teach by sitting in a chair and others move around and interact with children. The CCTV cameras have been installed mainly to ensure the teaching goes on smoothly,\" the principal said.She added: \"Students are also aware of the cameras. This deters them from misbehaving in classrooms.\" A Class 10 student, who didn't want to be named, said,\" Installation of CCTV cameras ensure our good behaviour and aware that the principal is keeping an eye on us. It also makes sure our belongings are safe during lunch hour.\"Catherine said she has noticed better interaction between students and teachers since the cameras were put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17354329", "title": "Bhubaneswar airport seeks immigration 'check'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Biju Patnaik airport on the verge of getting the international tag, the authorities have written to the chief immigration officer, New Delhi, to visit the airport and assess immigration requirements.An immigration cell with two counters will be opened for immigration clearance for passengers as the airport gears up for operation of flights to international destinations, said airport director Sarat Kumar. \"We have sent a request letter to the chief immigration officer at New Delhi to assess the requirement of immigration cell. Initially there may be two immigration counters considering landing and take off of less number of international flights, for check during entry and exit,\" said the director. He said there would be necessary networking facilities with installation of specialised software which ensures connectivity with all the airports for identifying immigrants.The airport authorities are also planning to realign the conveyer belt keeping in view the custom department's requirements. At present the conveyer belt alignment is as per domestic terminal requirements. \"Since the custom department will keep track of the incoming and outgoing goods, a prerequisite of international terminal, we will realign the conveyer belt,\" said Kumar.A duty free shop is also in the offing. \"We will set up a shop with duty free goods and articles for overseas passengers to shop at the airport. Staring from eateries to cosmetics, everything will be available at the shop,\" said the director.Recently, Union civil aviation secretary K N Srivastava said after a meeting with chief minister Naveen Patnaik that the city airport would soon get an international tag. In September, Union minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh had assured Naveen the airport would be upgraded to an international one soon.While the new terminal is expected to be ready by mid-December and functional in January, the old terminal can be used for international flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17360674", "title": "Victoria house hunting in London", "text": "Singer-turned-fashion designer Victoria Beckham is reportedly planning to have a permanent residence here.She was seen looking around at properties in the city and checked four mansions out of which three were in the South West and one in the South.Her husband, footballer David Beckham , recently announced his plans to quit Los Angeles Galaxy team after one more match.\"Wherever he ends up, a house in the capital is a perfect investment,\" thesun.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"It means Victoria can be close to her blossoming fashion business. And the schools are among the best in the world,\" the source added.There were rumours about the couple planning to shift base to New York from Los Angeles with their four children - Brooklyn, 13, Romeo, 10, Cruz, 7 and 16-month-old daughter Harper - to give Victoria's fashion career a boost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17359515", "title": "35 fans break into Gaga's house", "text": "Singer Lady Gaga says she was shocked to see as many as 35 strangers inside her house on Thanksgiving.Gaga, 26, was in Peru for a performance and found out through CCTV camera that fans, whom she addresses as monsters, have broken into her house, reports dailystar.co.uk.\"Thanksgiving story: woke up for leftovers in kitchen, stumbled on security camera revealing 35 monsters in my garage,\" Gaga wrote on Twitter.Instead of panicking, the singer thought of ways to share her Thanksgiving meal with the intruders.\"I should be mad I guess, except I tried to figure out how to slide stuffing under the door, but there's no cat-flap,\" Gaga wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356077", "title": "Lessons in learning", "text": "Good schooling is a passport to success. That's one formula most Indians understand, educated or not. The common perception is that it is largely offered by private schools. However, a recent survey has just overturned that idea.The study by Michigan State University (MSU) researchers used the India Human Development Survey 2005, a national survey of 41,554 households, conducted jointly by researchers from the University of Maryland and the National Council of Applied Economic Research in India. The MSU researchers analysed the student performance data on reading, writing, and mathematics of 10,000 children in the age-group 8-11 and found \"insufficient evidence to claim that children in private schools outperform those in public (government) schools in India.\" As private-school students generally come from families with higher income and education levels, the survey narrowed the research sample to private and government school students with similar backgrounds.Lead author of the study and assistant professor at MSU, Amita Chudgar says it's not possible to conclude that a student is doing well only because of his school. \"When one attempts to research if private schools are 'making a difference', one needs to be able to account for the subtle , pervasive and systematic differences in the home backgrounds of children who enrol in private vs. public schools... Home background factors (income, education of parents to name a few) are quite crucial,\" she says.Nationally, there's a growing preference for private schools. Their overall enrolment share has jumped from 18.7% in 2006 to 25.6% in 2011, says the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) 2011, by Pratham Foundation. A major factor for this has been the image of government schools, seen to lack brand value, basic infrastructure and regular teaching. But experts say a key problem here is that government and private schools are often seen as homogeneous entities, which they are not.\"There's a huge variety of private schools, for instance, the chota-chota schools in slums. And there's not much difference between low-cost private schools and government ones,\" says Vimala Ramachandran, managing director of ERU Consultants Pvt Ltd, a research group that works on education. \"Private schools simply open where there is a demand. In West Bengal , they are called tuition centres.\" While these are completely different from \"elite\" private schools, even government schools have their \"elite\" such as Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas. \"A Kendriya Vidyalaya student does better than a municipal school student,\" points out Ramachandran.These are critical issues as there is evidence that even the poor are shifting their children to private schools. ASER found that in states like UP, Haryana, Punjab and Kerala, private school enrolment is as high as 40%.There might be a premium on \"English medium\" private schools. But \"if you control for family background and parents' education, the difference between private and government schools becomes smaller. A large part of a child's performance at school depends on support at home,\" says Rukmini Banerji, head of ASER Centre. Studies have shown that children of educated mothers perform better.The perceived advantage of private schools may also be due to the fact that their students come from families that can afford to pay extra for tuition classes. In contrast, \"many government schools in rural areas have good infrastructure but that may not impact on performance,\" says Ramachandran. She believes students' education is influenced by a combination of factors that include quality of teaching and even rote learning \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"children in both private and government schools are unable to answer anything outside the textbook.\"Which school, then, offers the best bang for your buck? The consensus is that more studies are needed to settle that issue. Chudgal adds, \"It is very important there is a systematic effort to inform and educate parents about the choices available to them, especially poor or illiterate parents who may have fewer resources to learn about all the available options and the pluses and minuses of these options.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355110", "title": "Efforts on to identify body", "text": "Efforts are on by Verna police to identify the woman who's body was found on Friday afternoon at Uddi-Cansaulim. PI Rajesh Kumar said \"the postmortem conducted on Saturday confirmed that the deceased died of strangulation and also that there were no traces of sexual assault on her body.\"Police have sent her photos to all police stations and contacted almost 50 contractors who appoint labourers from nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354749", "title": "Gurgaon plans electricity from garbage", "text": "GURGAON: With the amount of garbage generated in the city each day reaching unmanageable levels, Gurgaon's civic agency heads met on Thursday to devise ways to effectively dispose of the waste. The thrust of the meeting was to put in place a plant that can produce electricity from garbage at the earliest possible time. The meeting was chaired by the municipal commissioner and was attended by the HUDA administrator apart from few other senior officials.With the lone solid waste management plant at Bandhwari already reaching its present optimum level to process the garbage that is being sent there every day from Faridabad and Gurgaon, the civic agencies are suddenly finding them themselves in an awkward situation. They clearly have been caught on the wrong foot since they could not anticipate the garbage collection going up to this extent. Officially though, the officials refuse to accept that they are in the wrong.Already close to 1,000 tonnes of garbage is being sent to the plant daily, even though the initial agreement signed between the contractor and the twin municipalities stated that only 400 tonnes would be sent there every day from Gurgaon and Faridabad.Thursday's meeting was primarily called to scout for a location where a new waste management plant can be set up. Also the main aim this time is to build a plant that can generate electricity out of waste. Authorities believe that such a plant could address the problem of power deficiency, a perennial issue faced by the city residents each year. In the meeting the HUDA administrator said that a site that is earmarked to set up a waste plant is available in Sector 58.\"We discussed ways to increase the capacity of the present plant in Bandhwari apart from trying to find out a few other places where we can set up more such plants. Our main focus would be to set up a plant that will be able to generate electricity from the waste that is sent there because we firmly believe that it will go a long way in helping the city that experiences many power cuts. The present plant %can only produce tiles and plastic,\" said a senior MCG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "17355710", "title": "Bodo-Muslim clashes in Assam: Refugees return home to reap a bitter harvest", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): In the latest round of violence in Assam's Kokrajhar district, the first blood was spilled over bundles of paddy. Early morning on November 10, in Bajugaon village in Gossaigaon division, Ainal Haque had spent four hours bent over the ripened stalks, cutting and bundling them, with his friend Sadan Talukdar, when three men slipped out of the shadows of the encircling trees. In the scuffle that ensued, Sadan miraculously escaped, but Ainal was pinned down and shot dead.Nine more killings followed in a week - of the ten killed, eight were Muslims and two Bodos - a return of blood-letting in an area that had seen nearly a hundred lives lost and more than four lakh people displaced in violent clashes between Bodos and Muslims in July and August. That violence has returned at the time of harvest is not without reason. \"If a farmer can harvest his crop, he is richer by 15,000-25,000 rupees. If he is stopped from harvesting, those who stop him can enrich themselves in turn,\" says G P Singh, the inspector-general of police, who points out that the first round of violence was timed to the sowing season, while the second round to the harvest.But economic competition between the two communities is not limited to the fruits of one agricultural season. A long-running tussle over land, which fuelled the clashes, is now impeding rehabilitation, in turn sparking fresh friction.Bodo leaders are convinced there is a large population of illegal Bangaldeshi immigrants among local Muslims. In August, when they sat down to draw up a rehabilitation plan with a Group of Ministers (GoM) of Assam government, representatives of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) - which has special powers to administer four districts of Assam - insisted on a verification process to separate citizens from migrants among the refugees before they could be given official rehabilitation assistance to go back and rebuild homes. The GoM accepted this demand.In the first six days of September, district officials visited relief camps to collect 30,000-odd applications. The officials matched the details in the applications with revenue records and by mid-October, 17,016 applications were approved - of those who owned land and of the descendants of land owners. \"If my father or grandfather has land in the village, it means I am a genuine resident and not an illegal immigrant,\" says Jayant Narlikar, Kokrajhar's deputy commissioner, explaining the rationale used to identify eligible people.With 17,016 applications forwarded to BTC, officials returned to the camps to photograph all the families found eligible. By the middle of November, however, BTC sent back only 4,698 applications, approving only those who owned land directly. Of those, nearly half were of Bodos.\"We were verifying the genuineness of people, while it appears BTC was solely verifying land ownership,\" says Narlikar.\"Your grandpa had 20 children. They, in turn, have 20 children each. How can you mention land in your grandpa's name and still be considered as a land owner,\" counters the deputy chief of BTC, Kampha Borgoyary. He claims BTC simply placed the applications in two categories - those who had land and those who did not. \"In meetings, we said even those not having land but who are descendants (of land owners) could go back to the villages,\" he says. The rider - to avail rehabilitation, they would have to prove their line of descent in a second round of verification.Some believe that by cutting short the public list, and yet taking a more liberal view in closed door meetings, BTC manage to cleverly score political points - they conveyed to their Bodo constituents that they had done utmost to stem the tide of Muslims.Far away from the official deliberations and machinations, in Soganchara relief camp, 33 year old Mansuf Ali, patiently waiting for the rehabilitation assistance, was thrilled when he was photographed with his wife and children - it was a sign the money was on its way. But later, as he heard only 4000-odd applications had been approved by BTC, he didn't wait any longer, and rushed back home, keen to harvest the crop he had sown in his three bighas of land, most of it in his deceased father's name, but half-a-bigha in his own.But with the area still tense, Mansuf had to forgo the harvest. He now lives in a makeshift tent outside his village. Through all the upheaval, he has carefully guarded a plastic folder, bursting with neatly laminated documents - his birth certificate from 1979, land ownership papers from 1960, a certificate from the national register of citizens in 1951 which shows his father was 18 years old at that time. Despite the voluminous documents, Mansuf is yet to receive the rehabilitation grant.Of the 90 displaced families of Bajugaon village, only five have received the grant. For Abdul Aziz Shaikh, one of the recipients, a prominent land owner in the area, the money is of little consolation. He hasn't been able to harvest his 41 bighas of paddy. On his return from the camp, the first time he visited his land, a group of Bodo men told him that he should stay away. The next time he went, bullets were fired in a distance. A few days later, not far from Shaikh's fields, Ainal Haque was shot dead.Close to Bajugaon, in Doawagiri village, both Muslim and Bodo villagers who had escaped to relief camps have now come back. In the Bodo quarter, all the families who lost homes have received the rehabilitation grant. Some were quick to harvest their crop, but others who started late had to stop mid-way - soon after Ainal Haque's killing, curfew was imposed, uniting Bodo and Muslim farmers in the despair over this year's bitter harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17355995", "title": "Railways take action against 1,000 unauthorised hawkers", "text": "PUNE: The railways have acted against 1,110 unauthorized hawkers operating on railway platforms and on the premises of stations in the Pune division in the last 10 months (January to October). A total fine of Rs 6.24 lakh was collected from them. Railway authorities said the action would continue in the days to come.A railway official said, \"We nab at least 100 people every month for selling food and other items on platforms and in trains. These vendors do not possess badges and uniforms. We also appeal to commuters to not to buy from them to discourage the practice.\"Last year, during the same period, the railways had held 1,104 unauthorized hawkers. Officials admit that all prominent stations in the division, including the Pune railway station, face the problem. An official said that it was difficult to keep an eye on every hawker. However, continuous drives are planned to restrict their presence on platforms. The official said special measures will be taken to control their numbers in long distance and local trains.Frequent travelers on the Pune-Mumbai route said that hawkers often enter trains at smaller stations and travel till the next big station. The railway officials and the police in trains hardly have any control on them, they say.\"I frequently travel to Mumbai in the morning. Many hawkers in the train travel without identity cards and badges. They usually sell food items like tea, coffee, fruits and water bottles. The railway administration should allow entry to hawkers only at stations,\" said Suresh Gadge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17354275", "title": "Class IX boy drowns in Rushikulya", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A Class IX student drowned in a gorge in river Rushikulya near Potagada in Ganjam district on Saturday.The deceased was identified as Kumar Sanu (14), a student of Aurobind Sikshya Kendra, Chhatrapur. Police said the mishap occured when the victim and some friends were bathing in the river. His body was fished out by local swimmers after two hours of search in the turbulent waters of the river.Another student of the same school was also washed away but was rescued and admitted at the Chhatrapur sub-divisional hospital. His condition was said to be out of danger, hospital sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17356672", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcContract killing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 bid on eunuch; 2 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A leader of eunuchs, Bholi Mahant, was injured on Friday evening when two youths shot her in the abdomen, leaving her critical. The incident occured at her \"dera\" in Ludhiana. The police claimed to have cracked the case saying it was a contract killing attempt.Assistant commissioner police (north) Swapan Sharma said the two accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ramji Paswan and Imtiaz Ahmed alias Bhola \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had gone to Bholi Mahant's \"dera\" in Peru Banda, Salem Tabri, on Friday evening and requested to pay their regards to Mahant. When taken inside, one of the accused fired a bullet at Mahant from a country made pistol, injuring her in the lower abdomen.While Imtiaz was nabbed at the spot, Ramji was later arrested by the police, with a country-made pistol and a live cartridge in his possession. Imtiaz hails from Balia in Uttar Pradesh.The police claimed it is a case of attempted contract killing, but did not reveal who had hired the sharp shooters for the crime. The case seems to be that of rivalry over a land dispute, Sharma.Sources said the police have arrested another person named Durga Singhania and is frantically searching for one Vijay Nath Walia on the basis of their investigation in the case.Mahant, who is under treatment at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, is reported to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356749", "title": "Cabinet will decide on LPG cap: Moily", "text": "MYSORE: Union petroleum minister M Veerappa Moily on Saturday said that he is focusing on reducing India's dependence on fossil fuel and cut down the oil imports to 50% of the total needs.\"As we know, the US waged the Gulf war to secure its energy safety. With whom can we wage a war to cut down out oil imports? We've to focus on alternative sources of energy. That is now priority,\" he said announcing the plans to cut down oil imports by 2016. \"It is 80% now,\" which, he said, \"is affecting the fiscal management\". As part of the initiative, the cabinet has cleared mixing of 5% ethanol with fossil fuel for use in automobiles, he added.The cabinet will decide on raising the annual cap on the supply of subsidized cooking gas refills to each family. \"I'm taking the issue to the cabinet. I'm hopeful it will get through,\" he told reporters. According to him, the government will have to extend financial assistance to oil PSUs to get subsidized LGP cylinders to escape the six-per-year cap. \"I know the midday meal programme is affected by the decision, which was taken as our financial condition is bad,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17354951", "title": "Greater Noida to get its own convention centre", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The construction of a mega convention facility, on the lines of Delhi's India Habitat Centre and Vigyan Bhawan, will soon be a reality in Greater Noida. The centre will be built on a public-private partnership (PPP) model and will span 25 acres. While a consultant for the project has been selected, the model and design for the venture is expected to be ready by the end of this year.The facility will be located in Knowledge Park-II area, which is also the education hub of the city. The land for the project has been earmarked. The facility is expected to be the first fully integrated convention, exhibition and entertainment centre in the district.The Knowledge Park area of Greater Noida has about 87 educational institutes and the students have no facility to hold their conventions and seminars. \"While the land will belong to the Authority, the selected company will build and maintain the facility at their expense,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official.The convention centre would house an auditorium, library, amphitheatres, halls for exhibitions and seminars as well as a well-stocked library. A food plaza offering national and international cuisines will be a part of the centre. \"There will be about 200 outlets serving varied cuisines from across the globe,\" said an official.The new flexible facility will allow Greater Noida, which is a growing city and a show window of Uttar Pradesh, to tackle the convention market head on, providing capacity and flexibility for 'mega' conferences and a range of other major events, said officials. So far neither Noida nor Greater Noida has such a facility.A plan for building a convention area similar to the India Habitat Centre has been hanging fire for several years in Noida.Having appointed a consultant for the venture, the Greater Noida Authority is awaiting the final design model of the facility.\"The consultant has been directed to finalize the model and has been asked to make a detailed presentation by next week,\" the official said. \"Once we have all the design and financial details, work will soon start,\" he added.The Authority has been studying various international models of convention centres and has proposed that the new facility will be state-of-the-art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356468", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLove guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 woos couples", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From the distance you'll cover to meet your lover, to the colour and combination of flowers you choose to gift, the 'love guru' at Chandigarh Carnival is gauging the depth of your feelings from such questions and more. At the stall, attracting scores of curious lovers, all you have to do is shell out Rs 10 to \"test your love.\" And giving them this service are resource persons from Government Home Science College, Sector 10, besides psychologists, who are doing analytical and psychological testing for those in relationships.\"So far, 200 visitors have participated in this test in two days, mostly youngsters, almost all of who are in a relationship. They want to know what kind of lovers they themselves and their lovers are,\" says Aanchal Goyal, a resource person from the home science college, who has been dishing out advice by using her analytic power, psychological testing, and her experience of playing 'love guru' earlier too.The inquisitive couples are being made to answer a set of questions, which are mostly about their lovers, their attitude towards each other and choices they make in a relationship. \"Just knowing where exactly a person would place flowers in his lover's room to give a surprise can help in finding out what kind of a relationship one has,\" points out Aanchal. Along with psychological testing, the 'love guru' is also doing face reading to judge visitors.Some students of home science college, all from the health and family welfare department, are checking out compatibility of married couples.\"Several couples have been coming to us,\" says Poonam Sharma, faculty at the home science college and in charge of the stall at the carnival. The couples are required to list their personality traits and those of their partners. The answers of both the partners are then tallied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17356526", "title": "Miniature glory at Chandigarh Carnival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They say traditional Indian fine art is fading into oblivion. That notion is shaken when one meets people like Jai Prakash, an acclaimed miniature artist who has been invited to the Chandigarh Carnival by the Government Museum and Art Gallery to display his work here for the first time.Jai Prakash, who has several national and international recognitions to his credit, and has been invited by the Government Museum and the Art Gallery, Sector 10 to the Chandigarh carnival and is demonstrating his miniature art here for the first time.His miniatures showcase the heritage of Jaipur, Mewar, Kangra and Jodhpur. The style has a touch of the mughals and the themes are slices of real life from history. For instance, a common theme is dancers in royal palaces in the 1920s and through the raj.Studying a miniature is also an art, with connoisseurs going through the pieces with a magnifying glass.\"My father Maliram was my biggest source of inspiration and I owe this art to him. I have travelled 22 countries to display my work,\" he said.Jai Prakash uses handmade pigments mixed with water and gum.The intricate art requires intense concentration and skill. No wonder the paintings sell for anything between Rs 25,000 to Rs 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17356103", "title": "Action plan to boost population of Great Indian Bustard soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The State Action Plan to prevent the dwindling population of Great Indian Bustard (GIB) is finally ready to be implemented soon. The action plan envisages a increasing the population of these birds by addressing primary factors of habitat improvement and habitat protection.While the GIB population at present has been estimated around 250 in five states where they are found, the numbers in Rajasthan are estimated to be around 100. \"The species, known as Ardeotis Nigriceps, is critically endangered because it has an extremely small population that has undergone an extremely rapid decline owing to a multitude of threats including habitat loss and degradation, hunting and direct disturbance. It now requires an urgent acceleration in targeted conservation actions in order to prevent it from becoming functionally extinct within a few decades,\" said A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.\"Our primary aim is to protect areas intensively used by GIB by creating inviolate spaces during breeding season. We plan to do this by strengthening existing fencing, creation of additional water sources, make enclosures inviolate during breeding period by employing local people and trim the grass and bushes near guzzlers to provide clear visibility to GIB during breeding season,\" said Chaubey.Besides it would require augmenting required food supply during pinch period around guzzlers. \"For this an area of 5,000 hectares is being proposed in Sudashri, Ramdevra, Sam, Rasala, Mokal and Saunkalia,\" he said.Another action plan would be to create new closures having an area more than 2,000 hectares for which Kanod, Mokal, Ramdevra,Sam/Ganga and Rasala have been identified that have existing closures having an area of 1200,1400 and 600 hectares respectively but additional closures around the existing closures will be created. Add to that, because GIB is seen regularly in Kanod, and the habitat matches with the existing breeding area of Sudashri, about 3000 hectares will be developed there.\"We also plan to declare 5 km radius around enclosures as \"minimal infrastructure zone\", where GIB-unfriendly infrastructure has to be curtailed. There would be no new GIB-unfriendly development and no high tension power lines would be allowed in the minimal infrastructure zone,\" said Chaubey.Bird faces highest level of threatThe 2011 Red List of birds, released by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), has enlisted the bird in the 'Critically Endangered' category, the highest level of threat. According to IUCN, activities such as mining, stone quarrying, growth of industries, and power projects along with the expansion of roads, electric poles, wind turbines and other infrastructures have increased the severity of habitat degradation and disturbance. In India, the bird is now restricted to Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17355363", "title": "Mercy pleas of terrorists should be decided quickly", "text": "Ujjwal Nikam, the special public prosecutor who appeared for the police in the trial of Ajmal Kasab , believes the killer's hanging has sent out a twin message to the world - that India is not a banana republic where a foreign terrorist can be hanged in public and that India is not going to tolerate any nefarious activities on its soil. He talks to Swati Deshpande about handling perhaps the most high-profile case of his careerYou were the special prosecutor in the 26/11 terror trial. Is this the first death sentence to be executed out of the many you have secured?I started working as a special public prosecutor (SPP) for the government of Maharashtra in 1993. I still vividly recall my first case as SPP in the Bombay blasts case. Since then I have appeared as SPP in a number of sensational cases and have secured 29 death penalties, of which the mercy petitions of five convicts are still pending with the President of India. Kasab's execution was the first execution out of all the accused persons whom I have prosecuted in different trials.Kasab's execution was done in a top-secret and efficient manner. What message do you think has gone out?The execution sends a strong signal to the entire globe that in our democratic country we respect the law and our judiciary is independent. India is not a banana country where a foreign terrorist can be hanged in public. The execution also sends a message to all anti-social elements that India is not going to tolerate any nefarious and terror activities on its soil and any attempt to do so will be dealt with in a stern manner. Kasab was not executed without due procedure of law being followed. In fact, all efforts were made to provide him with all possible legal assistance. In Kasab's trial, justice was not only done but very ostensibly seen to be done.Three years ago, at a seminar you had reportedly made remarks about facing pressure from a Union minister to file 12 separate chargesheets in the Kasab case. Were there other instances of pressure too?Let me make very clear that I never made any remark in a public speech that I was pressurized by a Union minister to file 12 different chargesheets against Kasab. No, I was never asked to do like that. A view was expressed by the concerned authorities as to whether Kasab's trial can be expedited by filing 12 different chargesheets against him. I was only requested to examine this issue. However, looking at the totality of the case, I was of the opinion that though 12 different offences were registered against Kasab, yet all atrocities were committed by him out of one single criminal conspiracy hatched in Pakistan. Kasab could not be tried for 12 different conspiracies as there was one single criminal conspiracy and in pursuance to that, all the offences were committed.We examined 658 witnesses within a short span of eight months and this was possible only because the trial was conducted on a day-to-day basis and the evidence of around 350 formal witnesses were taken in the form of affidavits under section 296 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. This ensured that the trial was wrapped up in the shortest possible time-frame. It must be noted that the trial of the 9/11 attackers has not even seen light of the day. I had gone to New York for a conference on terror laws organized by UN Security Council. There I was informed by the prosecutor of the 9/11 trial that their trial is yet to commence.Do you think there was any politics behind the quick and hush-hush executi on?There was no politics behind the clandestine execution of Kasab. There is no legally mandated chronological order in deciding the mercy petitions which are pending before the President. And the President can decide on any petition out of turn as well. I am of the personal opinion that the mercy petitions of terrorists should be decided expeditiously. What was the biggest challenge in the case for you?The biggest challenge before us was to establish that 26/11 was not just a terror attack but an attack on Indian democracy with an intention to affect the harmony between two important communities in India. It was also a challenge for us to prove how the said attack was an act of war against the government of India. With the help of the evidence which we garnered through GPS systems, intercepted conversations, etc, we could show to the world that 26/11 was planned by the LeT on Pakistani soil with the assistance of state actors. We have also established the intention of LeT which was to conceal the true identity of the attackers by providing them with fake Indian identity cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17355011", "title": "MCOCA slapped on gang of six", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik rural police have applied provisions of Maharashtra Organised Crime Control Act ( MCOCA), 1999, against six members of a gang of highway robbers who call themselves 'Nagarsevak'.During investigations, the gang's members were found to be involved in several cases of robberies across Maharashtra and had confessed to their crimes.The members are Gangaram alias Gangya Gorakhnath Bhadarage (23), resident of Ashti in Partur tehsil in Jalna district, Sanjay alias Rohidas Aklu Mandal (24), Anna alias Venkatesh Ramappa Talari (20), resident of Ghatkopar, Mohan Laluji Hammad (23), resident of Thane, Sandeep Khandu Pawar (27), resident of Nandgaon and Kapil Telure (23), resident of Nadgaon.The gang had robbed Dattatray Pawar, a resident of Belgaon in Karnataka state, at Pangari on Sinnar-Shirdi Road on September 15. Pawar was on his way to Shirdi with his family, when the gang robbed them of gold ornaments and cash worth Rs. 6.36 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17355936", "title": "3 fall off train, one dies", "text": "RAJKOT: Three passengers aboard the general coach of Gorakhpur Express fell off due to heavy rush of passengers on Friday night near Rajkot. While two were injured, one was killed in the incident. Police said the incident occurred at Kankot village when passengers started jostling about in the coach. The victims - Krishna Mahor, 20, a resident of Agra, Raju Khagad, 25, and an unidentified youth - who were at the door fell off the train.While Raju and the unidentified youth received injuries, Krishna was killed on the spot. tnnWhen Krishna's friend Nirav Sharma, who was traveling in another coach, came to know about this, he pulled the chain. The two injured victims and the deceased were brought to Rajkot in the train itself and were shifted to Rajkot Civil Hospital,\" said a Railway police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399913", "title": "Government hospital to raise water storage capacity", "text": "AURANGABAD: Smarting from the alleged hollow commitment of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation of supplying water through paid water tankers during the three-day water cut, the Government Medical College and Hospital has decided to raise water storage capacity to 15 lakh from the existing 12 lakh litres.The hospital's administration has alleged that in spite of multiple attempts, civic authorities did not respond to the calls requesting water tankers.Talking to TOI, GMCH dean KS Bhople said, \"In a recently held meeting, the civic authorities had assured us of providing water through water tankers in case of water cuts either due to technical reasons or water shortage, but they failed to stand by their commitment leading to inconvenience to the poor patients.GMCH sources said that as many as 40 surgeries were postponed since November 20 in hospital. The situation of Government Dental College and Hospital remained much the same as almost 100 surgeries were postponed.Although the situation has gained normalcy since Saturday evening, GMCH administration has started working on the measures, where in the dependency on the civic body is brought down and no such situation gets repeated.Talking to TOI, Shivaji Sukre, medical superintendent of Government medical college and hospital said, \"The GMCH requires around 10 lakh litres of water daily and is totally dependent on Aurangabad Municipal Corporation for it. The AMC had informed us in advance about the three day water cut starting from November 20 and we were confident of getting it as they had committed to us to provide us water through water tankers at fixed charges per tanker.\"But their attitude caught us by surprise after they gave us only one tanker of water in three days of water cut, which is unacceptable,\" added Sukre.GMCH has five major and one minor operation theatre and around 20 surgeries are performed in each of them daily, making it to approximately 100 surgeries per day.Anagha Warudkar, head of the surgery department GMCH said, \"Right from the cleanliness of the patient to the cleanliness of ward, huge amount of water is required. Scarcity of water or water cut has a direct impact on the health and treatment of the patient who has recently undergone surgery as we have to work in aseptic conditions. Surgery department maintain its own separate water storage for emergency surgeries.GMCH administration tries that the surgery department never faces water shortage, as shortage of water may prove fatal for the patient. Water is essential for washing and sterilising surgical equipment, added Warudkar\"We require good amount of potable water for the operation theatres and dialysis department and so we have decided to raise the capacity of the sump water tanks to 15 lakh litres from the existing 12 lakh litres. The additional three lakh litres will be kept in reserve for the OTs and dialysis department,\" said Sukre.\"We cannot deny emergency surgeries and so had to procure 15 water tankers from private water suppliers. We were ready to pay the same amount per water tanker that was paid to the private water suppliers by still they did not provide us water tankers,\" added Sukre.The hospital has sent a letter to the Civic chief protesting against the attitude of the civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356121", "title": "Homes in suburbs turn costlier as Chennai grows", "text": "CHENNAI: A significant rise in land prices and escalating cost of construction have seen apartments in most city suburbs appreciate by over 1,000 per sq ft in the past two years.A look at six comparable residential localities on the outskirts reveal that the prices have gone up by up to 75% in some of the areas . Apartments in Medavakkam , considered among 13 most happening residential hubs as per a report released by realty consultant Knight Frank , has seen a growth of 1,200 to 1,400 per sq ft in the last two years , depending on the location of the project . Suresh Krishn of Isha Homes , who has a significant presence in Medavakkam , said his project has appreciated from 2,800 per sq ft to 4,200 per sq ft in less than two years .R Kumar of Navin's , another city builder who has operations in Medavakkam ,said the price of apartments in his project has gone up from 2,900 to 4,100 per sq ft. Both the builders have sold out their stock, they claimed .The real estate market in Medavakkam might grow even faster in the next few years , said Kumar , citing the presence of social infrastructure like schools, shopping facilities and above all , its proximity to Velachery , Old Mahabalipuram Road ,Pallavaram and Tambaram , which are costlier locations .However , it is Manapakkam which has witnessed the maximum appreciation in the last 24 months , said Kumar . One of his projects in Manapakkam was selling at 3,600 per sq ft two years ago , but now it goes for 6,300 per sq ft, he said .T Vathsala Menon , who owns an apartment in Maduravoyal , said , \"We booked the apartment at 2,800 per sq ft in 2008 . By 2010, prices went up to 4,000 per sq ft and today it is 5,500 per sq ft\" . She said the same builder is likely to launch another project next door at a higher price .Places like Thiruneermalai and Madhavaram also are emerging residential hubs. While the price has gone up from 2,500 per sq ft to 3,900 per sq ft in Thiruneermalai in two years , it has gone up from 3,300 to 3,900 per sq ft at Madhavaram . Similarly , Semmancherry has witnessed a growth of 1,100 per sq ft - from 3,400 to 4,500 - during the said period .\"A city's tendency is to grow either in concentric circles or along traffic corridors ,\" noted Kumar . Even North Chennai , once considered a backwater region , is growing now , thanks to the Metro Rail project and good road connectivity .Cost of construction has goneup by 30 % to40% in the last couple of years . \"Earlier , builders used to be worried about mounting cost of construction material only at the time of budget . Now, the prices are rising every month, if not on a weekly basis ,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17356016", "title": "CM hints at civic bonds for infra development", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday told municipal corporations in the state to get ready for credit ratings and raise funds for infrastructure development through municipal bonds.Speaking at the annual bankers' conference (BANCON) on Saturday, Chavan said, \"Urban governance is one of the major challenges the state is facing. There is need to rate municipal corporations and get funds with the help of municipal bonds\".Considering the massive migration, urban areas have been facing a challenge to sustain the process of urbanization. \"Issues like unemployment, migration, sewage treatment and garbage management pose a serious challenge,\" he said.Chavan said the banking sector should extend a helping hand to the state government and municipal bodies to augment and sustain urban infrastructure by facilitating municipal bonds.The Centre helps urban local bodies in implementing infrastructure projects through the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. The Centre provides 35% of the funds, 15% comes from states, while the remaining 50% has to be raised by local bodies. However, most of the local bodies are not strong financially and are not in a position to provide their share of funds. The Centre has, therefore, decided to get the ratings done so that these bodies can approach the debt market.\"The state will work together with the banking sector to solve the problem of urban governance,\" said Chavan, adding that funds for the urban infrastructure with the help of bonds would pave the way for sustainable urban development and rating of corporations is vital for the same. The urban local bodies are rated on the basis of financial situation, service delivery, size of the city's economy, its buoyancy, future business plan for the city and how it will be funded, quality of administration, past record in the implementation of infrastructure projects, reforms carried out so far under the JNNURM and the timeline for various reforms,'' said sources.What is credit rating?Evaluation of the credit quality of notes and bonds usually made by independent rating services. Ratings are intended to measure the probability of the timely repayment of principal and interest on issued security. Ratings are initially made before issuance and are periodically reviewed and may be amended to reflect changes in the issuer's credit position. Credit rating agencies rate municipal bodies based on financial performance, accounting systems, service delivery standards and quality of book-keeping, among other parameters.What are municipal bonds?Municipal bonds are securities by which local governments or municipalities raise money to finance their projects and pay for those bonds over time by promising to repay the face value amount or principal and interest at specified dates. Municipal bonds may also be issued by state-level pooled finance funds.Octroi will be abolished: CMChief minister Prithviraj Chavan reiterated the state government's decision to abolish octroi and replace it with a local body tax (LBT). \"We have abolished octroi in small cities and now we will phase it out from major cities. LBT will be introduced in place of octroi,\" said Chavan while speaking to reporters. Maharashtra is the only state to charge octroi. It recently introduced accounts-based LBT in place of octroi in Amravati, Akola, Ahmednagar, Ulhasnagar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Chandrapur, Parbhani, Latur and Nashik municipal areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "17355563", "title": "Assam's ethnic violence: Relief camps are empty but people are not back home", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): The food is running out, children are falling ill, her only saree is fraying, and so is her spirit, rambles Zohra bewa, or Zohra the widow, as she introduces herself, stepping out of her makeshift home - a blue tarpaulin sheet propped up by bamboos.Displaced on July 24, when her home in Sapkata village was burned down, the middle-aged woman and her children joined the human tide of more than 4.8 lakh refugees swept into hundreds of relief camps across three districts of western Assam - the largest displacement seen in the country in recent times.Today, the number of people in relief camps has come down to 36,000-odd people. The emptying of the camps has led the outside world believe the worst is over. Even the government has showcased this as evidence of successful rehabilitation, downplaying the more revealing statistic - only 5,252 families have been given financial assistance by way of the official rehabilitation grant. Counting 10 members in each family, the number of beneficiaries comes to just 52,520 people, a fraction of those affected by the violence.To start with, only those whose houses were burned or damaged have been considered eligible for rehab assistance - a cheque of Rs 20,700, three bundles with 7 tin sheets each, four tarpaulin sheets, eight poles of bamboo, and a month of food rations. It is bad enough that the grant is barely enough to rebuild homes and lives, say people. Worse, many who lost homes have had to go without it, since they do not own land, an additional eligibility criteria insisted by the Bodoland Territorial Council in the first round of rehabilitation. But what is the worst of all, they point out, several thousands who left the relief camps, keen to get back in time for the harvest season, haven't made it back and find themselves stranded in between.Zohra is one of them. After nearly three months in Kathalguri relief camp, when she trekked back to her village in late October, she found her neighbours had propped up tents in a clearing outside the village. Their quarter of the village was not safe, they cautioned her, since it faced Bodo settlements. Better to live huddled with other Muslims. Soon, a hundred tents had sprung up in the clearing, a makeshift camp of sorts. In Horiyapet village, the makeshift settlement is even larger: a thousand tents scattered in the open, their blue and black plastic sheets glinting in the afternoon sun, sheltering people from as many as six villages.Unlike the government relief camp they left behind, where supplies of food and medicines trickled in regularly, drinking water tanks were chlorinated, latrines were fumigated, and NGO's unloaded bundles of clothes every now and then, in the makeshift camps, the people have been left to fend for themselves. \"We were given 10 days of ration but that's over,\" says Sobor Ali, who lives in Sapkata makeshift camp. \"We are trying to make do by selling bamboo and wood, but that barely brings in any money.\"District officials say they know of a large number of such makeshift camps in Gossaigaon division, the worst hit part of Kokrajhar district. They say they occasionally send food, but are wary of stepping up relief supplies to those who have returned home without going through the official process of rehabilitation, lest they be seen as aiding illegal immigrants. \"We are trying to address the problem,\" is all that Jayant Narlikar, the deputy commissioner of Kokrajhar, is willing to say.Meanwhile, as she wraps the pallu of her saree tighter around her shoulders, Zohra can sense the worst is not over -- with winter setting in, and no warm clothes available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17357987", "title": "Govt seeks to strike deal with BJP in ending Parliament deadlock", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to break the deadlock in Parliament, the government has reached out to the Bhartiya Janata Party to strike a deal on its demand for a debate and vote on foreign direct investment in retail which could pave the way for passage of other bills.Finance minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said that he had met with leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Friday to end the impasse. \"I had a very good meeting with Mrs Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley yesterday. Yes, at the moment they are stuck on one issue. They want a debate on FDI in retail which ends with a vote. That issue has to be resolved and once it is resolved, the chances of the bills proposed by the minister of finance passing are very bright,\" he said.The minister was speaking on the likelihood of amendments to the Banking Regulation Act and IRDA Act being passed during the winter session. Speaking to the media on the sidelines of the annual Banker's Conclave (Bancon) organised by the Bank of Maharashtra in Pune, Chidambaram said that the issue of allowing higher FDI in insurance was also discussed in the meeting.On the fiscal deficit target, the finance minister said that while he was optimistic of meeting the revised target of 5.3% he was also a realist.Chidambaram once again reiterated that Reserve Bank of India already had the powers required to regulate corporate sponsored banks. These include the power to restructure boards, the power to limit share stake sales and the power for consolidated regulation. \"The three powers that the RBI wants are already there with the RBI. It is there in the regulation, it is there in the power to grant a banking licence. What the banking regulation act does is that it formalizes the powers and brings them together into the act. I am pretty sure the banking regulation act amendment will pass as early as possible. The occasion to invoke extraordinary powers will not come the next day after the licences are issued.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354442", "title": "Mini strokes paint Taj Mahal story", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty five years ago when Naveen Sharma was 17 years old, he had visited Agra with a few friends. At that time he did not realize that setting his eyes upon the iconic Taj Mahal would change the course of his life. Captivated by the beauty of the white tomb, Sharma decided to replicate its grandeur on canvas. And what followed there on, is a work of art that has fascinated many across Delhi who visit the trade fair.Occupying a small area in the Rajasthan pavilion of the trade fair, are two paintings that have grabbed the attention of many. It is confusing to see passers-by scanning a painting with a magnifying glass which at the face of it seems like regular painting of the Taj Mahal.Encased in a wooden frame of 20 by 24 inches and using the Mughal School of miniature painting is not only the iconic monument but also brush strokes that have pictorially documented the series and events that occurred around the construction of the Taj Mahal.\"The entire painting showcases the story behind the construction of the Taj Mahal. There are 20 tablets bordering the main structure. Each painted tablet connects with each other to tell a story,\" said the National Award winning artist Sharma. \"The story starts with Emperor Shah Jahan showing the designs to the artists. Then it proceeds to the laying of the foundation, consultation with elders, construction of kilns to tax implementation by the emperor in order to cover shortage of resources,\" added Sharma.The hand-painted story ends with his son Aurangzeb rebelling and imprisoning Shah Jahan, who later died gazing at the white marble tomb.All this along with 10,000 micro Taj Mahals, six Great Mughals and 230 other buildings constructed by the dynasty were hand painted by Sharma using a one-hair brush. \"I started the art piece in 2006 and was done with it in 2010,\" he said.\"The challenges of making this were that there is no scope of a retake and every brush stroke has to be perfect,\" added Sharma. It took Sharma 4,900 hours to complete this intricate work of art.Using hand made-paper and stone water colours Sharma has created another piece of art themed on Taj Mahal. He says that concept of this work is based more on his imagination rather than chronicled history. Called the \"Taj Chess,\" this painting shows Emperor Shah Jahan and his empress Mumtaz Mahal playing live chess using soldiers from their army.\"The painting tells the story of a bet that the husband wife had between them. The conditions of the bet were to fulfill the wish of the winner of the game. Shah Jahan's wish was to see his wife's face every morning and Mumtaz Mahal's was that Shah Jahan construct a monument dedicated to her,\" said Sharma. \"The game is won by the Emperor. But after the empress dies he fulfills her wish even though she loses the bet,\" he added.Sharma, who has been travelling across the world popularizing the art form of miniature paintings, says he has 5 more projects lined up and one of them is the last painiting in the Taj Mahal series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17355807", "title": "Couple commits suicide near Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: A boy and a girl believed to be having a love affair committed suicide by jumping before a moving train near Godhra on Saturday morning.The incident took place at around 7.30 am near Kansdi about three kilometres from Godhra. Sources said that Ashwin Rathod (21) and Rukhi Rathod (20) threw themselves in front of the Vadodara-Dahod MEMU train. A wallet and a cellular phone were found on their bodies.A photograph and romantic couplets written on a paper have given indications that the two were in love even as no suicide note was found from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17359409", "title": "Supreme Court raps Bihar government for dragging teachers to courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has expressed \"strong displeasure\" over the manner in which the Bihar government was treating school teachers, dragging them to courts for 35 years instead of treating them honourably and giving them an appropriate salary.\"The state government must realise that in a country where there is so much illiteracy, and where there are such a large number of first-generation students, the role of the primary and secondary teachers is very important,\" said the apex court bench of Justice Surinder Singh Nijjar and Justice HL Gokhale in a recent judgment.Pronouncing the judgment, Justice Nijjar said: \"They have to be treated honourably and given appropriate pay and chances of promotion. It is certainly not expected of the state government to drag them to the court in litigation for years together.\"The court said: \"We do record our strong displeasure for the manner in which the state of Bihar kept on changing its stand from time to time. This is not expected from the state government.\"The court said this while allowing two petitions by the Bihar State Government Secondary School Teachers Association which had challenged the high court orders of Oct 31, 2007, and May 21, 2010, quashing the July 7, 2006, order of the governor merging the teachers of the Subordinate Education Service (Teaching Branch) male and female cadre into Bihar Education Service Class II.The merger was challenged by the Bihar Education Service Association, giving rise to a third round of litigation.The apex court also took exception to the manner in which the Bihar High court allowed the reopening of the issue, which had been decided twice by the apex court, in earlier rounds of litigation.\"The manner in which the learned Single Judge proceeded with... to reopen the entire controversy, and also the Division Bench... in approving that approach is also far from satisfactory,\" the apex court observed.Holding that the single judge of the high court had no business to re-open the entire controversy with Bihar Education Service Association challenging the merger, the apex court said: \"The law of finality of decisions which is enshrined in the principle of res judicata (matter already judged) or principles analogous thereto, does not permit any such re-examination, and the learned Judge clearly failed to recognise the same.\"\"If the orders passed by this court were not clear to the state government or any party, it could have certainly approached this Court for clarification thereof. But it could not have set up a contrary plea in a collateral proceeding,\" the judgment said, adding: \"We do not expect such an approach from the state government, and least from the High Court.\"The Bihar government had set up a three-member committee in March 1976 to recommend as to how the stagnation in government services could be removed and promotional opportunities enlarged.The committee in its report said that its recommendations should come into effect from January 1977.Accepting the recommendations of the committee, the Bihar government issued a notification on April 11, 1977, and it was gazetted April 27, 1977.The judgment extracted two paragraphs of the government decision July 3, 2007, which said that in the year 1977 the total number of created/sanctioned posts of male and female teachers were 2,465, against which total working strength was 1,336. This decreased to 880 by the years 2006, and of this, if 301 units belonging to Jharkhand are deducted, the total comes to only 579.The number of teachers in schools were counted to assess the financial burden on the state exchequer on account of the implementation of the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354341", "title": "Elderly couple helps police nab 2 conmen", "text": "NEW DELHI: An elderly couple showed exemplary courage and presence of mind when knowingly took lift from an autowallah who had looted them before and managed to get his two associates arrested. The prime accused is still at large. The arrested accomplices, Chand and Kamran, would stealbags and belongings of passengers while boarding the autorickshaw, police said.\"Lakhbir Singh (75) and his 73-year-old wife (who did not wish to be named) had their luggage stolen on April 7 this year. Singh, along with his wife, had come to Subzi Mandi Railway Station and they had hired an auto, which already had two passengers inside. While Singh's wife sat at the back with others, Singh sat with the auto driver in front. After travelling some distance, the driver let in one more passenger. On reaching Shastri Nagar, the driver told everyone to get down after his auto developed a snag. Singh, along with his wife, boarded a bus and reached home. It was then that they realized that Rs 74,500 cash was missing from their briefcase. They, however, did not inform police,'' said DCP (north) Sindhu Pillai.The elderly couple again came to Subzi Mandi Railway Station on November 18 and hired the same autorickshaw till their residence, Pillai added. \"Two passengers were already seated in the auto from before and Singh's wife had to share a seat with them and Singh sat with the driver. After travelling a short distance, the driver took in one more passenger and the same drill got repeated.\"However, this time the couple became cautious and Singh kept the briefcase secure with him. On reaching the red light, the driver complained of a snag and all the three boys, except the driver, got down. But this time, the couple coaxed the driver to drop him to Jail Road. When the auto rickshaw reached near junk market in Mayapuri, the drive refused to go further. Singh then called police but in the meantime the driver fled, leaving the auto behind. The two accused were nabbed after police got a tip-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399960", "title": "Jayakwadi reservoir to get 9 TMC water", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Jayakwadi reservoir, which caters to the drinking water needs of the city and adjourning areas likely to get nine thousand million cubic water in the coming days. The water will be released from the upstream dams of Mula, Dharana, Nilwande and Bhandardara separately. The decision to release water from the dams on November 21 was taken in the meeting held by the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in Mumbai. The irrigation department officials said the water will be released in phases till July 31 next year.Independent MLA Prashant Bumb said, \"The water received will be completely reserved for drinking and industrial purposes. No water will be allotted for agricultural purposes or requirements for Parali thermal power plant.\"The irrigation department said an alternate source will be identified to provide water to the power plant. The officials said steps taken by the corporation to stop water losses through repairing water pipelines are not satisfactory.Bumb said a meeting will be held with the authorities on Sunday for the bandobast in the region to see that maximum water reaches the reservoir. \"The officers from revenue department, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Limited, the police department and water resources department will be stationed,\" he added.The water will be released next week. However, out of the nine TMC, about four TMC may only reach Jayakwadi reservoir, said Jaisingh Hire, sectional engineer at the Command Area Development Authority ( CADA). \"The losses will be due to evaporation and other water schemes present on the route of water flow,\" he said.Around 2.5 TMC of water was released from the Nilwande dam on October 21, out of which only one TMC could reach the Jayakawadi reservoir due to losses. He added that a meeting will be held on Monday to discuss the details of the phases in which the water will be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17356227", "title": "Lucknow awaits 'monumental' welcome at Mahotsav venue", "text": "LUCKNOW: A replica of Roomi Darwaza is all set to welcome you at the venue of the Lucknow Mahotsav this year. Once you pass through it, Imambada stands tall to greet you. Preparations for the Lucknow Mahotsav are going on in full swing, which will begin on November 26. \"The preparations are almost complete and the workers are giving final touch to the Mahotsav,\" said RS Yadav, secretary, Lucknow Mahotsav organising committee. He added that this year, Mahotsav will be more grand and attractive.At the Mahotsav, not only children, but also their grand parents will enjoy. For children, many new swings have been introduced and for their grandparents, the organisers will put up chairs in the section of joy rides. \"Usually children used to enjoy joy rides, while their grand parents used to get tired by waiting for them. For their convenience, we will be placing about 150 chairs in the fun zone,\" said Sachin Tripathi, manager of joyrides. He added that children and adults will have more fun because of new swings. This time, the cost of tickets at joy rides has been increased by around 10%. Similarly, the 'Maut ka Kuan' will be more interesting as its length has been increased, and it will have four bikes and four cars. \"With four bikes and cars each,\" said an organiser.As per the Mahotsav's theme - Ganga-Jamuna tehzib 'Ekta ki Virasat', the statues depicting unity and integrity have been installed at various places. Besides, a statue will also depict people playing chess. The statues have been designed by the students of Lucknow College of Arts and Craft.Apart from regular events like vintage car rally, boat rally, drama, kite flying and rifle shooting, the new attractions of the Mahotsav are cycle race, wrestling and chess championship. The cycle race will be known as 'pedal for unity' will be held from Lohia Path to Roomi Darwaza. The wrestling championship will be held on December 2 in which boxers from Haryana, Delhi, Meerut, Etawah, and other places will participate.Talking about the arrangements at the Mahotsav, Yadav said that a total of 700 commercial shops have been set up. The crafts exhibitions and other pavilions have been expanded as compared to previous years. A total of 389 craft stalls, 70 pavilions, and 43 food courts have been set up at the venue. Further, craftsmen who have won national and state awards would be allotted stalls free of cost, like previous years. Jute board and the central government have been allotted 15 and 150 respectively stalls at the venue.The entry tickets at the Mahotsav will cost Rs 10, while the seasonal tickets are priced at Rs 50 each. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate the Mahotsav on Monday at 6.30 p.m. at Regional Park, Sector L, Aashiana. The Mahotsav would conclude on December 6.Programme schedule:November 26: Inauguration by Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at 6.30pm. Flute performance by Hari Prasad Chaurasia and stage performance by singer Girija DeviNovember 27: Rock music performance by Remo FernandezNovember 28: Performance by Punjabi singer Gurdas MaanNovember 29: performance by Bollywood singer Javed AliNovember 30: Performance by Bhojpuri singer and actor Manoj TewariDecember 1: Ghazal performance by Bhupendre-MitaliDecember 2: All India MushairaDecember 3: Performance by Akhil Bhartiye Kavi SammelanDecember 4: Sufi singer Badali Bandhu will performDecember 5: Singer Abhijeet Sawant's performanceDecember 6: Performance by folk singer Malini Awasthi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354930", "title": "Bengal FM takes a dig at Cong over investments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The West Bengal government, which has recently got bad press following ABG's pull-out from the Haldia port over militant trade unionism, on Saturday claimed that industry is flocking to the state, thanks to \"honesty and the transparency\" in governance and an infusion of \"new energy\" since the Trinamool Congress came to power.The state government stressed on transparency in Bengal as opposed to rampant corruption elsewhere, in a veiled attack on the Centre and Congress-ruled states.Reeling under a massive debt burden of Rs 2 lakh crore, state finance minister Amit Mitra on Saturday suggested the Centre could consider a term loan of 20 years, debt restructuring and a three-year moratorium on interest payment to help Bengal tide over its growing financial crisis. \"I assume that the new finance minister is busy with his own issues. We are not going to beg anybody,\" Mitra said.Speaking at the India International Trade Fair (IITF) here, Mitra said that the state's revenue collection had gone up by 35% and the UPA government could \"at least consider a term loan of 20 years\". He suggested that debt restructuring and a moratorium period of at least three years on interest payment could also be considered by the Centre. The state government has targeted to collect about Rs 31,000 crore in revenues in the current fiscal without raising tax rates, he added.The 13th finance commission has identified Bengal along with Kerala and Punjab as the debt-ridden states. \"West Bengal's debt and GDP ratio is almost double of the other two states. So, the Centre should at least consider West Bengal (for debt restructuring),\" Mitra said.Maintaining that tourism and ports were the main sectors where the state was seeking investments, the minister said the tourism department had identified 207 acres for destination development, and also identified land for a proposed Giant Wheel in Kolkata on the lines of the London Eye.About the investment atmosphere in the state, he said, \"There is a major change that is taking place. If the state government's initiatives are implemented, there will be structural changes.\"\"A number of corporate houses were keen on investing in Bengal as they see \"new energy\" in the state. They feel Kolkata has a good potential, good human capital and a government which has no (ideological) baggage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17354446", "title": "2 die in Faridabad building collapse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people died and three others were injured when an under-construction building came crashing down in Faridabad's Sarurpur Industrial area on Saturday. There were several people working at the site at 12.30pm, when the incident occurred and rescue operations went on till past 10pm.\"The incident occurred when the roof of the building, possibly a factory, was being laid. The scaffolding that was supporting the more than 100 sq feet roof area was probably not able to withstand the weight and gave way, because of which the roof came crashing down. At that point around 35-40 people were working at the site. The debris was massive and we are not sure how many people could be trapped underneath,\" said police sources.The contractor of the project, Ghanshyam (52), was the first casualty of the accident and his body was pulled out a couple of hours after the roof collapse. The body of a labourer named Sipahi was pulled out later in the evening. Hardayal, another labourer, was referred to Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi as his condition was serious.\"Workers in nearby buildings alerted police, which came to the site shortly thereafter. The fire brigade also reached the spot within 15 minutes. The back and side walls had to broken down using bulldozers since the access had been blocked. Later, cranes were used to move the debris. It seems that people who were working on the upper floor managed to escape and those who were on the ground floor were caught under rubble,\" said a source.The National Disaster Relief Force from Noida was called in to help with the rescue mission. \"The matter is being investigated and we will take action against those responsible for the incident. Rescue operations took the entire day as we did not know the number of people trapped under the debris,\" said Raj Kumar Vasishta, DCP. Labour minister Shiv Charan Lal Sharma, who also visited the site, said the building was an unauthorized construction and he would order an enquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356282", "title": "Maid stole gold from Ramya Krishnan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house to pay her dowry, say police", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old maid, arrested in connection with a theft at actor Ramya Krishnan's house in Injambakkam , stole 40 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth about 9.5 lakh to pay the dowry that her fiance's family had demanded, police said on Saturday.Neelankarai inspector Pugazhenthi, who made the arrest, said that Jothi, during questioning, confessed to the crime and claimed she was engaged to marry a relative in a couple of months. Adyar deputy commissioner of police R Sudhakar said, \"We have recovered 35 sovereigns of the gold jewellery .\"Police said Jothi, who had worked at the actor's house for five years before quitting in 2011, worked at a house in Hyderabad until April this year before again approaching Ramya Krishnan and seeking a job. She was re-employed .Since August, preliminary police inquiries revealed, Jothi had stolen jewellery from the house in small amounts and concealed them in her room where she had been staying. In October , she had gone to her native place in Andhra Pradesh claiming she had to update her personal details in a ration card and probably deposited a part of the stolen jewellery there, police said.Last week, the maid again sought leave to visit her native place and the actor's family members said they were going out and asked her to wait till they returned . However, when they returned they found her missing, police said.The theft came to light when Ramya Krishnan on Thursday last, while getting ready for a film shoot, searched for her favourite stoned nose stud and found it missing. Following this, the actor's mother lodged a complaint with the Neelankarai police. Later in the day, when the maid returned to the city, she was detained for questioning. She was sent to prison on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17356760", "title": "'Centre will discuss N-waste issue tomorrow'", "text": "MYSORE: Union minister for mines Dinsha J Patel has convened a meeting on Monday to discuss the proposal to dump spent nuclear fuel in abandoned mines, Union minister M Veerappa Moily said on Saturday, even as he allayed fears that Kolar's abandoned mines is one such site.\"Even if the Atomic Energy Commission wants to use the Kolar's facility, it cannot, since the scientific community has ruled out such a possibility two decades ago given that it cannot meet the requirements,\" the petroleum minister said. According to him, the scientific community studied some sites to use them as dumping sites, but have ruled out Kolar as it gets water-logged. \"They have concluded that it is unsuitable and unsafe too,\" he said, arguing that the AEC told the Supreme Court that it has no idea of dumping the waste at KGF.The former CM said the cabinet will discuss the proposal of the Parliam entary Standing Committee on according special status to Hyderabad-Karnatak region and table the Bill in the winter session. \"As the Bill could not be taken up for discussion, it has gone back to the panel. We'll follow it up and ensure that the backward region in the state gets special status,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17354563", "title": "In 2011, conviction rate fell below 1% in Mumbai courts", "text": "The 14th annual report, Crime in Maharashtra 2011, which was released on Friday, documents the growing pendency in courts of serious offences registered under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).\"Of the 1.7 lakh cases pending trial in various courts in Mumbai as of January 2011, 94% or 1.6 lakh cases awaited hearing at the end of the year. The courts awarded conviction in 1,692 or 0.9% of the cases, and granted acquittal in 7,072 or around 4% of the cases,'' a police officer said.In 2010, a total of 1.68 lakh criminal cases awaited justice. The acquittal figure stood at 6,966 while the conviction figure was about 1,948 cases or 1.15%.The neighbouring Thane commissionerate fared just about the same where serious offences have risen 20% in five years.\"The conviction rate of cases filed by the Thane police commissionerate has not touched 1% in the past five years. From a conviction rate of 0.3% in 2006, it slipped to 0.2% in 2011. In the same year, the acquittal figures increased to 2,740 or 3.1% of the total cases against 2.3% in 2010. About 203 cases got conviction orders from the court,'' the police official said.Legal experts told TOI that every court ruling doesn't have to end in conviction as the judiciary's responsibility is to ensure justice.\"The decision in court is awarded on the basis of police cases and the evidence gathered. No amount of argument can defeat a strong case registered by the police. As such, the primary responsibility to book an offender lies with the police and not the courts,'' said Supreme Court advocate Mahendra Bajpai.Advocate Arti Manoj Kalekar attributed pendency to the inadequate number of courts, adding that though special courts have been set up to fast-track case disposals, their numbers have proved to be \"insignificant\" considering the deluge of cases. \"Another reason for the higher acquittal percentage is because witnesses turn hostile. In most cases, there are no independent witnesses and statements by close relatives are recorded by the police which are shredded to pieces by the other side.''While police officials admitted that investigation and administrative procedure involved in the framing of charges is slow, they attribute it to manpower shortage for detection as well as multiplicity of tasks which are not necessarily police duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/kochi", "code": "17356547", "title": "Chandy to discuss Nath's proposal with Sreedharan", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOCHI: Amid controversies over the role of E Sreedharan in the Kochi metro project, Union minister K V Thomas said that the metro man would have to make a final call on the suggestions put forward by urban development minister Kamal Nath.Addressing media persons in New Delhi on Saturday he said: \"The Centre has put forward some suggestions regarding the role of E Sreedharan and he will have to take a decision. Chief minister Oommen Chandy and transport minister Aryadan Mohammed will meet him.\"On Friday, when Kamal Nath met Chandy, he had put forward a suggestion of appointing E Sreedharan as the managing director of Kochi metro. Chandy had replied that though he had asked Sreedharan to take up the job, the metro man refused the offer. The chief minister said that he would take up the case again as the Centre and Delhi government has stated that DMRC would participate in the project.When TOI contacted E Sreedharan he refrained from commenting on the issues. But, he assured that he would complete the preparatory works that DMRC had already undertaken in Kochi. \"The reconstructed side bays of the North railway overbridge will be opened once the police give permission. Though there was delay in getting clearance from the railways in carrying out the construction of Salim Rajan overbridge, DMRC would be able to complete it within the scheduled time frame,\" %he said.Meanwhile, at a press conference in Kochi, MP P Rajeeve said that the Kochi Metro project is likely to be delayed further and the move to form a committee to ascertain the role of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) looks suspicious.He added that such a committee had not been constituted when the work of Jaipur metro rail was undertaken by DMRC.One member of the three-member committee, union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna has already aired his opposition and chief secretary of Delhi is unlikely to oppose the stance taken by state chief minister Sheila Dikshit, said Rajeeve. \"So the state government should clarify its stand clearly. Moreover, no panel member is an expert in the field. E Sreedharan, who had evinced interest in the project, should have been included in the committee. As per media reports, there is no information about DMRC's role. The government should ensure that the work is given to DMRC on nomination basis,\" he said. Despite the political pressure exerted by eight Union Ministers from the state, DMRC did not change its stance.\"This means that somebody, who is powerful, is pulling strings to delay the project. It was in 2008 that the chief secretary of Kerala wrote to the Union ministry of urban affairs requesting DMRC's assistance for the project. Even the detailed project report (DPR) of Jaipur Metro rail was prepared much later. Yet, DMRC undertook the Jaipur work without constituting any committee,\" Rajeeve said.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17360156", "title": "60 per cent more spent on remembering Kasturba Gandhi than Mahatma Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly Rs 83 lakh was spent in commemorating the death anniversary of Kasturba Gandhi during the last two years, which was 60 per cent more than the combined expenditure incurred on the death and birth anniversary events of Mahatma Gandhi during that period.An RTI response has revealed that the Gandhi Smriti and Darshan Samiti, which works under Culture Ministry, had spent Rs 2.46 lakh for publicity and printing of invitation cards for observing Kasturba Gandhi's death anniversary 'Nirwan Diwas' on February 22 last year while this year's expenditure was Rs 2.68 lakh.The Samiti had also incurred an additional expenditure of Rs 30.44 lakh in 2011 and Rs 47.17 lakh this year in observing her death anniversary.The details given by the Samiti to activist Subhash Agrawal under RTI show that the expenditure incurred on Nirwan Diwas of Kasturba, wife of Mahatma Gandhi, was 60 per cent more than the combined expenditure incurred on the birth and death anniversary of the Father of the Nation which was Rs 51.86 lakh.The details show that the Samiti spent Rs 4.62 lakh on printing of invitation cards and publicity to commemorate birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on October 2 which is also famous as International day of non-violence in 2011 while this year the figure was Rs 2.48 lakh.Additional expenditure of Rs 8.73 lakh and Rs 7.41 lakh was also incurred on the occasion in 2011 and 2012 respectively.Similarly, Rs 13.5 lakh was spent in observing the Mahatma's death anniversary on January 30, 2011 while Rs 15 lakh was spent in 2012. These figures include publicity, invitation cards and other expenses incurred by the Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17356056", "title": "Chennai-Pondy coastal railway line may be built by private companies", "text": "CHENNAI: The east coast railway line from Chennai to Puducherry and Cuddalore, via Mamallapuram, may now be built with private participation . The railway ministry has included the . 523 crore project on a list of 37 projects that could be handed over to private firms.The project \u00e2\u20ac\u201d part of the proposed Chennai-Kanyakumari coastal line \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been approved by the railway board to provide a link to fast developing areas along the Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR). The 179km line, to be laid between OMR and the East Coast Road, is expected to connect Sholinganallur, Kovalam , Tiruporur, Mamallapuram, Kalpakkam, Koovathur, Cheyyur, Marakkanam, Kunimedu, Kuiyilappalayam , Jipmer in Puducherry, Bahour , Varakalpattu, Tirupadipuliyur and Cuddalore Fort.\"As of now, railways is doing the project but may want to consider different options because of the huge cost involved and the need to finish it fast,\" said a senior Southern Railway official. The new line is to be taken up as a \"socially desirable\" project and the railways has not mentioned any rate of return for the investor.The railway line was sanctioned in the supplementary budget of 2007, but only 26 crore was sanctioned in subsequent years for land survey , location survey and other preliminary works . Meanwhile , the cost escalated from 523 crore to 800 crore . The final location survey was done in 2011.\"Going by the rate at which the ministry is able to sanction funds the line will take more than 10 years to complete . This is the reason the railway board is looking at different options , including privatisation of the works .The board is yet to finalise the model in which the project will be taken up ,\" he added .To execute such projects , a cost sharing-freight rebate model , full contribution model , under-a-special-purpose vehicle model and privateline model have been proposed . The terms and conditions say the land will be acquired and owned by railways .The ministry has mooted private participation for new lines , gauge conversion , doubling and to lay third line because several projects are being delayed due to slow sanctioning of money . Every project may not get full funds because money will have to be allocatedfor all projectsbeing carried out in the country .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17356106", "title": "Every city should have a lit fest of its own: Prajwal Parajuly", "text": "Prajwal Parajuly, who divides his time between New York, Oxford and Gangtok , created a sensation last year when he became the youngest Indian author to sign a two book deal with Quercus, London. As his first book, The Gurkha's Daughter, gets ready for launch, he speaks to Archana Khare Ghose about marginalization, the Nepali language and the need for lit festsHow much of your own life does The Gurkha's Daughter carry?Many people have asked me if any of the 8 stories that are part of the book is my story. No, there is none. In fact, many people have asked me if the eighth story, The Immigrants, is mine. It is the closest that one comes to a love story in the book but it definitely is not mine. Even while living in New York, I never fell in love with my maid which the story is essentially about.You've gone against the grain by debuting with a short-story collection.I've found it so mysterious that publishers look at short stories with a jaundiced eye. Jhumpa Lahiri , though, started out that way. Given the busier lives people lead, I would have thought that short stories would work better but somehow, those are not hot on the market. Even when my agent told me that she had liked my short stories, she had told me that I would have to do a novel next.You were recently at the Shillong Literature Festival. Now, almost every city has its own literature festival...Lit fests have been criticized by some, but I think every city should have one. These events help in creating massive interest in reading and books and it helps authors. Book launches in the West take place in a bookstore with cheap wine and chips and organisers hope against hope to have at least 20 people turn up. But in India, launches are grand affairs and I think they work in favour of the authors.You've spoken passionately about Nepali language in earlier interviews and recounted your shock when you picked up a Nepali language newspaper in New York and had difficulty reading it.Unfortunately, India is a country where people take pride in talking/ writing in wrong Hindi or Nepali. It may be a colonial legacy but when I was 13-14, I used to take pride in producing error free pages in Nepali. But then I moved away to study and work in the West and one loses touch with the language. Right now, though, I'm involved with the translation of The Gurkha's Daughter in Nepali.What does it mean to be a representative of perhaps one of India's most misunderstood communities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Nepalis? Would you use your new-found fame to get involved with the Gorkhaland movement?I haven't thought of it that way. People have often asked me if I will use my position as a writer to bring attention to \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or be involved in \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Gorkhaland issue, which is a cause very close to my heart. It is also a very important issue to my people. Questions asking whether I will get involved overwhelm me. I am a writer of fiction. Yes , fiction based in my community, which has heroes , villains, nice people and ugly people. To write about the world that is affected by the movement is one thing. To be involved in the movement is another. I've no experiences, resources, nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17354723", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon begins surveying slums", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has started a survey to find out the number of slum clusters in the city. This is following the Union ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation (MHUPA), pointing out to the MCG that in its urban areas, there is a very high percentage (around 28%) of uncanvassed households in the 2011 socio-economic and caste census. It says that such a high percentage of uncanvassed households may affect the quality of data and may create many types of problems at a later stage for the district administration.It had also directed the officials concerned to analyse ward-wise data and find out the exact reasons for such a high percentage of uncanvassed households and take necessary corrective measure to cover the genuine shortfall.According to MCG officials, the survey has already started in Begumpur Katloa village and very soon the process will start in Badshapur, Dundahera and Choma villages on a pilot project basis. The rest of the villages will be covered in a time-bound manner. \"We will visit every household in these villages and take down details on each member in the family including how much they earn. The questionnaire has about 90 questions. We are doing this to survey to determine which area has the most number of slums and how to develop it. At a later stage we might also provide low-cost housing to those who cannot afford it. The survey will be carried out by an outside agency,\" said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-25"}
