{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448274", "title": "Oshiwara mishap probe: Cops, doctors in blame game", "text": "MUMBAI: An inquiry has been ordered into the allegation that driver Manoj Netrapal's blood samples were not collected to verify whether he was drunk. The police and doctors blamed each other for not conducting the tests.Charu Khandal, a member of the animation team for Ra.One, sustained serious injuries when a speeding Honda City hit the auto she was travelling in early Sunday. Vikrant Goyal, who was also in the auto, was injured.Additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nagre-Patil has asked an ACP to conduct the inquiry. \"If the doctor had not collected the blood sample, it was the duty of the police officer to ask for it.\"The police said that it's always the doctor who takes a call on the tests performed on the suspect. The doctors said there is a form which police need to fill with the tests doctors need to conduct. Medical superintendent of BMC peripheral hospitals Dr Seema Mallick said that it would be unfair to pass the blame onto the doctor. \"In cases where the police want a blood examination done, they come with a ready form. The form is filled by them and handed over to the casualty medical officer, who then collects the sample,\" she said. She added that doctors are not ones to take a call on who needs to go for a blood alcohol examination. \"Doctors just do the job of collecting samples,\" she said.After the accident, the police sent Netrapal to BMC-run Siddharth Hospital in Goregaon. The doctor examined the accused with the help of a breathalyzer and conducted manual examination by observing his eyeballs, behaviour and gait.Khandal's fiance, Sagar Thacker, said, \"The police did show us a medical report sent to them which stated that Netrapal was smelling of alcohol but could not be called as having been under the influence of alcohol as he could stand and keep his eyes steady.\"The police had not insisted that the doctor take the accused's blood sample for examination. The blood sample report is considered more authentic evidence as compared to the manual examination report, said an expert.Khandal continues to be on the ventilator. Her sister, Ritu, said, \"Dr Anand Subramaniam will operate on her on Thursday morning.\" Netrapal had been arrested and was later let off on bail. Khandal's mother, Pawan, said, \"I am really not concerned if the cops let off the accused. I want my daughter to get well.\"Actor Shah Rukh Khan , who returned from London on Wednesday, met Khandal's parents. Sources close to the family said, \"SRK's team has been in touch with the family from the time Khandal was admitted to hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449475", "title": "Bangalore student wins space lab contest", "text": "Indian student Sachin Kukke has won YouTube Space Lab 2012 contest for the Asia Pacific region and is one of the six global winners of the competition. In a meeting with Indian ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, Sachin shared his experience of conceptualizing and carrying out innovative scientific experiments.At the meeting, Sachin, a student of mechanical engineering at the BMS College for Engineering in Bangalore, was accompanied by Lee Hunter, head of brand marketing for YouTube, and Claudio Lilienfeld, senior policy manager for Asia Pacific at Google. Sachin's experiment explores transfer of heat in ferro fluid - a special liquid that gets magnetized when subjected to a magnetic field. The study can benefit development of advanced cooling and heat transfer systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448246", "title": "Spurned management student ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: A student of a private management institute allegedly hanged himself in his paying guest facility in Okalipuram on Wednesday afternoon.Soumyajit Majumdar, 21, had fallen in love with a girl, who refused to reciprocate his feelings. This resulted in him taking the extreme step, police said.He was a third year BBM student, police said. There was no suicide note, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12447813", "title": "\u2018I was charged with murder for standing up against the wrong\u2019", "text": "AJMER: There was complete silence at a women's tribunal organized on Wednesday at the Laxmi Narain palace here when a 35-year-old dalit woman, Roopa Bagri of nearby Kotra village, narrated her experience. She said when she dared to stand against the member of a high caste community eight years ago, she was charged with murder.The Christian Ganj police arrested and stripped her in the lock up. She remained naked in the custody for two days. Though the court later acquitted her, she said the terror of atrocity refuses to leave her.Women activists in the tribunal elaborated on the provisions of women's rights and laws defending dalits. Hundreds of women, mostly from rural regions, shared their experiences and grievances most of which focussed on sexual abuses. The story of Roopa stunned all those who were present, especially when she showed the scars from the atrocity afflicted on her in police custody.Talking to TOI, Roopa said, \"Our community in the village lives in pathetic conditions. We are not allowed to get water from the village tubewell and powerful people use our places as dumping ground. \"I stood up against them and protested,\" she added. She said, \"It was in 2004 when some powerful people of the village got me booked in a murder case and police took me in custody.\"She said, \"I was stripped completely by the police and they kept me naked for two days. They abused me and made nasty comments.\" She added, \"It was like dying every minute with pain, shame and horror.\" After getting bail, she made the complaint against the atrocity, \"But no action was taken against the police while I became a laughing stock for administration,\" said Roopa. The court acquitted her of all charges but she is now terrified of standing against wrong.Roopa said that things in her village have now changed but her scars never let her forget the barbarity she was put through. \"Now, I never ask any woman to stand up against what's wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448657", "title": "State to waive off interest on education loan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state cabinet on Wednesday gave its nod for the budget proposal to waive off the interest on education loan availed by students between 2003 and 2009. The decision was taken as the Union government had already written off the interest on education loan availed by students from 2009.\"After the subsidy of interest announced by the Union government, there was a demand to help those who had availed loans between 2003 and 2009. The government now decided to waive off the interest during the period of study for all students who had availed the loan but haven't got any job,'' said Chandy. The CM said the banks had been asked to write off penal interest on such loans as the interest liability would be taken over by the government.He, however, didn't give a reply when asked whether there will be reimbursement of interest to those who had already paid the loan.Chandy also criticized the policy of the banks to deny loans to those students who get admission under the management quota. \"The only condition for granting education loan up to Rs 4 lakh is that the institution in which the applicant studies should be recognized by the government. When I met the Union finance minister recently, I pointed out this along with the issue of higher interest rate on education loans levied by some banks. He told me to hold a meeting of bankers and discuss the issue. I have already convened a meeting and conveyed the stand of the government to the banks,\" said Chandy.On Monday, finance minister K M Mani urged the banks in the state to bring down the interest rate on education loan while taking part in the state-level bankers' committee meeting here.Norka Santhwanam: Financial aid for all schemes under the Norka Santhwanam project has been doubled.Fishermen Debt Relief: The moratorium announced for debts of fishermen in the state has been extended to December 31, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447850", "title": "CBI arrests 2 for Rs 28cr fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested Rajesh Charodia, proprietor of A R Finance, and his associate, Sachin Shah, for forgery, breach of trust and cheating Bank of Baroda (BoB) of nearly Rs 27.50 crore.The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) on Tuesday night raided the residences of Charodia and Shah in Malad and seized Rs 13.70 lakh and Rs 23.17 lakh respectively, along with documents.The CBI is trying to trace Sajjan Kumar and Govind Salgaonkar, both alleged beneficiaries.A complaint was filed by Shibaram Narkar, deputy manager of the Bank of India's (BoI) Borivli branch. According to the CBI, Charodia presented 119 forged letters of credit in March last year.A letter of credit is a document that a financial institution or similar party issues to a seller of goods or services. It means the issuer will pay the seller for goods or services the latter delivers to a third party buyer.The issuer then seeks reimbursement from the buyer or from the buyer's bank.The letters of credit covering the bills were purported to have been issued by BoB, Hamidia Road branch ( Bhopal ), favouring a business firm of Sajjan Kumar, the proprietor of Zamindar Timber and Sainik Corporation, and Govind Salgaonkar, proprietor of Tirupati Exports.BoI later honoured these letters of credit and paid Rs 27.50 crore to Shah.It realized the letters were forged when they did not get the payments.BoI found that calls made to BoB to confirm the letters were genuine were in fact diverted to mobile phones of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448299", "title": "Rohani calls for awareness on drug abuse", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Assembly Speaker Ishwardas Rohani expressed concern over the tendency of drug abuse among children and called upon for spreading awareness about its ill-effects. He was addressing a state-level workshop on drug abuse and prevention and de-addiction at the state assembly premises here on Wednesday.Rohani was the chief guest while Panchayat, Rural Development and Social Justice Minister Gopal Bhargava presided over the workshop.Stating that tendency of addiction has increased among children and youths, the speaker said the students were not getting right direction due to non-inclusion of moral lessons in text-books.Social Justice Minister Gopal Bhargava said that addiction is not only a tendency, but also a social evil.Commissioner Social Justice VK Batham threw light on the efforts being made in the state for prevention of use of drugs and narcotics.A number of persons who gave up addiction also expressed their views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448271", "title": "Drunk railway commuter held for assaulting booking clerk", "text": "MUMBAI: Drama unfolded at the Vikhroli station on Wednesday as commuters had a scuffle with a booking clerk and smashed glass panes. The GRP arrested one of the commuters on charges of assaulting a government servant and rioting.Around 3.15 pm, a drunk commuter, Chandramohan Katam, came to the ticket booking office at Vikhroli. He stood at counter number 4 which was closed. \"He demanded to know why the counter was shut when commuters were waiting in long queues for a ticket. The Central Railway staff told him to go to the adjacent counter 3 which was functioning. Katam started arguing with one of the booking clerks, Santosh Nair (20),\" an official said. A heated exchange of words soon led to a squabble. Katam was joined by around 25 to 30 other commuters who went on a rampage and smashed glass panes. The RPF rushed to the spot and took Katam into custody. He was handed over to the GRP.\"A medical examination confirmed that Katam was drunk. He has been arrested. The other commuters with him are wanted accused and we will go through CCTV footage of the station to trace them,\" said ACP Bapu Thombre of the GRP. Katam is a resident of the BDD chawls in Worli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448085", "title": "Dhavalikar assures 24x7 water supply in 3 years", "text": "PANAJI: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Wednesday told TOI that water would flow through Goan taps 24x7 within three years. In his budget speech on Monday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had assured this within four years.Dhavalikar's optimism is based largely on the fact that completing the 110-MLD water treatment plant at Selaulim under the long-pending JICA scheme, will solve the water supply woes of South Goa. Dhavalikar said the JICA project is scheduled for completion by 2014.A series of new water treatment plants in North Goa-some underway, others proposed-is expected to sort out the problem of North Goa. North Goa has unlimited supply of raw water from the Tillari project but lacks the capacity to treat the water.Dhavalikar said, \"The JICA project was started by Parrikar when I was PWD minister in 2002. I am proud to say that the project will be completed during our tenure. The chief minister and I are holding a review meeting of the project soon.\"Parrikar and Dhavalikar are also holding district-wise review meetings of PWD-related works on Thursday and Friday. \"We will set priorities after listening to everybody,\" Dhavalikar said.The PWD minister is already seized of the slowly-growing water shortage problem in the state that has been reported in various talukas and though Dhavalikar described the present shortages as \"not so bad\", he expects the shortages to get worse as the temperature soars around May.\"As of today, Tiswadi taluka suffers from a water shortage of 30 MLD, Bardez has a water shortage of around 40 MLD. There are shortages of between 2 or 3 MLD in almost all constituencies but Vasco constituency is the worst. There is a 15MLD shortage in the city area of Vasco,\" Dhavalikar said.While the Selaulim water augmentation scheme will address South Goa's water shortage problems, several small water treatment plants are proposed in North Goa. Dhavalikar said a 25 MLD plant is proposed at Usgao, another 27 MLD plant at Ganjem and 25 MLD plant at Guirim in Bardez. These and similar small schemes in North Goa are expected to boost the district's treatment capacity such that the supply to North Goa will be enhanced to around 100 MLD. \"Then it will be easy to give 24x7 water supply to Goa,\" Dhavalikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454275", "title": "US City Council passes resolution condemning 2002 Gujarat riots", "text": "WASHINGTON, A US City Council has passed a resolution condemning the 2002 post-Godhra riots in Gujarat and expressed concern over the \"denial\" of justice for the victims.The resolution, passed this week by the City Council of Harvey, Illinois, expressed solidarity with the victims, including those who died in the Godhra train fire on February 27, 2002.\"The Harvey City Council condemns the Gujarat pogrom of 2002 as a gross violation of human rights and a failure of the law and order machinery in the state of Gujarat,\" the resolution stated, expressing concern over \"denial of justice\" to the surviving victims \"despite worldwide condemnation\".The resolution also said there have been very few arrests and even fewer convictions arising out of the cases registered during and after the \"mass killings\".City Mayor Eric Kellogg presided over the meeting, which was attended by four other voting council members, and members of the public.\"There are times when events in far-flung parts of the world not only move our hearts, but strengthen our resolve to always stand up for truth and justice. The horrific massacres that took place in the Indian state of Gujarat in 2002 is one such event,\" Kellogg said.He said the fact that such an incident took place in the birth place of Mahatma Gandhi , was \"especially shameful\".Kellogg hailed the Indian-American community in Harvey for their contributions in the field of relief, charity and social services, and resolved to raise funds for the victims of the Gujarat riots.The passage of the resolution has been welcomed by the Indian American Muslim Council (IAMC).With a population of over 30,000, Harvey is considered as a suburb of Chicago .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12452271", "title": "Pt. Bastola named World Religious Parliament's peace ambassador", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Religious Parliament has made Pt. Arjun Prasad Bastola of Nepal its Peace Ambassador, the parliament's highest award. Pt. Bastola is the chairman of Universal Sanatan Dharam Foundation, Nepal and also the advisor to Kathmandu's Pasupati Area Development Trust.The World Religious Parliament has also permitted Pt. Bastola to set up a peace secretariat and a chapter of the parliament in Nepal.According to a release from the parliament, it has also declared Nepal a 'Peace Nation' and that, \"all countries in world felt the need of world peace and they seek a nation who will bear this torch. World Religious parliament endorses Nepal's candidature for this noble work and Nepal should accept this honorable job.\"It also requested the government of Nepal should help establish the secretariat and to provide all requisite and necessary diplomatic help to Pt. Bastola to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447552", "title": "Cops sniff Bihar jewellers\u2019 role in 2.5 crore theft case in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police has claimed to have worked out a part of the Rs 2.5 crore-jewellery theft case, which rocked Aminabad police station area on March 20, with the arrest of two thieves. Cops also claim that they have recovered jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh and cash worth Rs 22,000 from their possession. However, the major part of the looted booty is with the two jewellers of Bihar, who are said to be the mastermind behind this and several other thefts, the police said.The two arrested thieves were identified as Sameer Shah and his brother Salman Shah , both residents of Motihari in Bihar's East Champaran district.To recall, jewellery worth Rs 2.5 crore was found stolen from Kumar Traders and Jewellers' shop owned by Azad Kumar Rastogi, a resident of Raja Bazaar locality, when the shop was opened on March 20. Rastogi's shop was closed since March 16 due to ongoing strike by jewellers demanding scrapping of Central excise duty on non-branded jewellery. However, on March 20 owing to some personal work, Rastogi reached the shop, only to find that jewellery kept at the counters was missing and two of around two-dozen locks left open. Later it was found that jewellery worth Rs 2.5 crore had been stolen.Both Samir and Salman, the police said were hired by two jewellers of Bihar who themselves used to roam here in search of their target. After identifying the target, they used to call the miscreants from Bihar, who used to commit the crime. After stealing the valuables, the jewellers either sell the item in Bihar or in Nepal .It was about 8-10 days back, that the two arrested miscreants had come from Bihar on Saptkranti Express. It was on the same day at around 2.30 a.m. that they opened the shutters with master keys and decamped with valuables. They boarded another train and fled to Bihar. The recovered amount was their part of share, the two told the police. The police said that efforts are on to nab the two jewellers, who are the brain behind the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447751", "title": "Army chief's letter to PM: General V K Singh exposes chinks in armour", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh paints a grim picture of the operational capabilities of his 1.13-million strong force in his letter to the PM, grappling as it is with tanks running out of ammunition, obsolete air defence systems and lack of adequate weaponry for infantry and special forces battalions.Asking the PM to \"pass suitable directions to enhance the Army's preparedness\", Gen Singh in his March 12 letter says the state of the major fighting arms is \"indeed alarming\" and indirectly blames the long-winded arms procurement process and the recalcitrant bureaucracy for it.The letter points out the Army's tank regiments are \"devoid of critical ammunition to defeat enemy tanks\", while the existing air defence systems cannot effectively protect against enemy air attacks since they are \"97% obsolete\".Besides, there are \"large scale voids\" in essential weaponry as well as critical surveillance and night-fighting capabilities in the over 350 infantry and special forces' battalions. With two \"inimical neighbours\", such \"critical deficiencies\" severely erode the Army's preparedness, he says.There is, however, nothing startling in these observations. As reported earlier, the Army had last year itself declared it would need around Rs 41,000 crore just to make up its existing \"critical hollowness\" in ammunition and equipment. The force will take several years to reach 100% operational capability.Top MoD sources said it was surprising that Gen Singh wrote such a long letter to the PM at a time when the MoD was already undertaking a comprehensive review of Army's operational capabilities, primarily prompted by the Army chief's concerns.The first meeting for this review was held on February 28, where defence minister A K Antony, defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma and Gen Singh were among those present.The second meeting was slated for March 21, but was postponed to April 2 because Gen Singh was absent.\"The Army chief's letter is factually wrong on some counts. It also suggests that an empowered group of officers must be setup to carry out emergency purchases, and private sector participation be stepped up,\" said a source.In its 11th Plan (2007-2012) review, the Army had also pointed at huge operational gaps in fields ranging from artillery, aviation, air defence and night-fighting to ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles), PGMs (precision guided munitions) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition.There has been a general slowdown in several military modernization projects, especially the ones connected to the Army. Navy and IAF, in turn, are better placed on their modernization paths.Times ViewSo far, the spat between the army chief and the government was embarrassing and perhaps demoralizing the armed forces. But now the leak of a letter written by General V K Singh to the Prime Minister has a far more disturbing dimension to it. Whoever leaked the letter is making public what should be strictly confidential. A service chief raising shortcomings in the country's defence preparedness with the head of the government is one thing. But for this to be put in the public domain and thus expose the shortcomings to one and all, including interests inimical to India, is quite another thing. This unsavoury episode must be brought to a close. And the source of the leak must be detected and action taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12448619", "title": "3 musketeers: Bonding over studies", "text": "LUDHIANA: They could be called the three musketeers of a different genre, with each one of them aspiring to become something else from one another. With exams ready to knock at their doors, the three not only study together but also find time to unwind from their mundane schedule.Rohit Jindal, 21, Rahul Kwatra, 21, and Kulvir Singh, 20, from Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College have teamed up to exercise their grey cells on the commerce subjects. Studying in the same class, the 3 get together for group studies at each other's house on rotational basis.\"With exams looming large, we have loads to study. There is lot of competition so we decided to learn from each other,\" shared Rohit, who is called the Sahib.\"I am looking to secure 90% this time. Studying together is fun and apart from studies we love to gossip and pull one another's legs,\" he said.The trio manages to find time in between their routine study time of 10 hours and loves to go for chai during break time. Kulvir, or Kuku, who aspires to become a manager in a MNC said, \"We 3 have been great buddies and this is the best time we put our friendship to great use. With the 3 of us giving our personal inputs, subjects like accounting, income tax and business management look simple.\" Among them, Rohit is the odd one out as his plans are different from others. He plans to join the Indian Army one day and says, \"Even though I am pursuing commerce, I want to join the Army. This was my ultimate dream.\" Rahul, who is known as Topper, on the other hand wants to join the banking sector as he loves to play with numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12448835", "title": "MLN Medical College denies girl student's charges on video clips", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Refuting the charges made by a girl student of Moti Lal Nehru Medical College (MLNMC) that she was filmed in an objectionable video and her snaps taken by some persons, the college authorities have set up an inquiry committee to probe into her allegations. The authorities have further termed the entire issue as a \"personal affair between the girl and her husband who is also a student of the same college\".Anita Kumari, an MBBS 49th batch student, had recently alleged that a student of 51st batch and some of his friends were blackmailing her after making some objectionable video clips of her.Contacted, MLNMC principal Dr S P Singh told TOI on Tuesday: \"We have informed the police about the issue and requested for an independent probe into the matter. Not only the police, we have also apprised senior officials of the state government. The girl (Anita), during the time of admission in the year 2009, had mentioned in the affidavit the name of her husband as Awadhesh Kumar Bharti, who is a student (51th batch) of the college and against whom the complaint has been made.\"Dr Singh said: \"It seems to be some personal issue between Anita and her husband Awadhesh which has taken an ugly turn. One can easily see that the clip is fake as the name of the website is clearly visible in the backdrop.\"Talking to TOI, Dr Singh said that \"after observing the clip, it was found that the clip was not even shot in the hostel room of undergraduate students on the college campus. Even the face of the characters present in the clipping is not visible.\"Contacted, Georgetown station officer (SO) Ravi Bhushan Srivastava told TOI: \"The principal has constituted a probe in this regard and also requested us to look into the matter.He has also forwarded us a copy of the probe letter. We would soon examine the objectionable video and photographs and take appropriate action in this connection.\"The principal said Anita was not residing on the campus while Awadhesh was expelled from the UG hostel few months back after his alleged involvement in a motorcycle theft case. \"Some boys who are seen in the photographs are from the college and we are probing the matter and strict action will be taken against them if they are found to be guilty,\" said Prof Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449932", "title": "HUDA administrator\u2019s assistant suspended", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) chief, Praveen Kumar , has suspended his personal assistant, P S Balbir Singh, after he found that Singh had handed over certain files relating to estate office 2 (EO 2) to estate officer Mukesh Solanki without informing anyone, according to sources. Last month the HUDA administrator had sealed the office of Solanki. Kumar had formed a team of officials to probe the irregularities in files relating to plot allotments. \"I had seized the files and brought them to my office. But my own PA handed over these files back to the EO II office.I have not seen this level of indiscipline in my entire career,\" said Kumar.The two files were crucial for proving the corruption that was going on in the EO (II) office. Earlier, the HUDA administrator had had a tiff with Solanki when he came to know that the latter had submitted a misleading report related to Sector 29 parking. Kumar had announced free parking for all visitors and discontinued the services of the parking contractor. \"The contractor moved the high court and Solanki's report resulted in a stay order being issued. This means that once again, visitors need to pay to park their vehicles in Sector 29,\" said another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12450069", "title": "English, main fear of Noida police", "text": "NOIDA: English may have become the primary official language in most bureaucratic circles, however Noida police is still battling with its personnel not being fluent in it. A British national had her first brush with language problems when dealing with police after she reached the sector 39 police station to lodge a complaint on Wednesday.The complainant, Rebecca, is in India on a tourist visa for six months. As she was heading to the GIP mall from her residence in B Block in sector 27, she reportedly lost her cell phone in the autorickshaw she was travelling in near the Atta underpass. She rushed to the sector 39 police station to register an FIR, but the police officers seemed reluctant. Later, she came to know that they were refusing to lodge the FIR as the complaint was written in English. Rebecca then contacted her Indian friends to help her out. A friend then reached the police station and wrote a complaint under the supervision of one of the computer operators.This is not the first instance when NRIs, foreign nationals and MNC employees visiting Noida had to face such a problem. English has turned out to be a major problem for Noida policemen. On an average, police receive three complaints in English out of five, but the personnel deployed at police stations across the city are not familiar with the language leading to complainants being left in the lurch. Complainants are either forced to write their complaint in Hindi or approach senior police officers.During the last tenure of Mulayam's government in Uttar Pradesh in 1995, 11,000 Urdu translators were recruited in the state, but not a single English translator was hired for Noida. Amidst such circumstances, various MNC workers, NRI and foreign nationals, who reside in the city, find it difficult to register their complaints.Police officers say that they rarely receive a complaint written in Urdu while English is widely used. Even the city senior cops admitted that sometimes such problem crop up. During the Delhi Commonwealth Games in 2010, tall claims were made by the UP government that it would get policemen to improve their English, but nothing much has been done so far. Sectors 20, 58, 24 and 39 police stations receive maximum complaints in English as most of the MNCs and high-profile markets and malls fall in their jurisdiction.Some residents also allege that, at times, they have been forced to write their complaint in Hindi when the cops want to \"dilute\" the case so they would not need to work on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448994", "title": "DGCA cancels 'blind' online air bookings", "text": "MUMBAI: The Super Savers scheme a few travel portals were offering flyers has been grounded. Acting on complaints from some airlines and consumers, the Directorate General for Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Wednesday asked airlines to quickly withdraw from the scheme.On February 10, TOI reported that travel portals were offering flyers tickets cheaper than the cheapest ticket for various sectors, as long as the flyer was willing to let the portal withhold the airline's name and exact flight timing till the payment was made.While flight duration and flying time options - like between 5 and 7 am or 7.10 and 9.10 am - were given, the ticket was non-refundable. Now, in a circular sent out by the DGCA, airlines have been told that such a ticketing system is in violation of the Aircraft Rules of 1937.The circular states that every transport undertaking has to display fare and flight details conspicuously on their website and reveal the same to agents through whom tickets are sold. A complete break-up of the fare should be available to passengers before the booking is made. \"In view of the above, all airlines are therefore directed to immediately withdraw participation in any such scheme where the complete information about the carrier is not revealed upfront,\" the circular states.DGCA director general E K Bharat Bhushan said that even if the fare is revealed, a passenger cannot book tickets without knowing the flight number and exact time of departure. \"Airlines need to show these details. Else, they are violating the rule. All this information is vital and has to be given to the flyer in a transparent manner,\" Bhushan said.Reacting to the circular, Keyur Joshi, chief operations officer, makemytrip.com, said that the website would reveal the fare and airline details just before the payment is made.Online travel portals had started the scheme in January. Controversy brewed when a full-service private carrier alleged that the scheme was being used to further the interests of certain airlines. Passengers also alleged that they were given tickets for flights on Kingfisher, an airline going through a financial crisis.Meanwhile, makemytrip.com had put up a disclaimer for passengers, saying that the fares were not for Kingfisher. \"We have put the label on opaque fares as Kingfisher tickets had become an issue with many flyers. However, it is a decision which involves the airline. We are only the intermediaries between airlines and flyers and opaque fares are introduced to make travel affordable for people and help airlines get better yields,\" said Joshi. In the past couple of weeks, many passengers reverted to web portals to cancel tickets after opaque booking put them on cancelled Kingfisher flights.Another major web portal has, however, not guaranteed its clients an opaque fare option sans Kingfisher. \"Keeping Kingfisher out of blind booking is a responsible way of dealing with the situation. However, since the scheme has become popular, passengers who are not brand conscious and want the cheapest fare will continue booking with or without Kingfisher,\" said an industry expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12447641", "title": "10 nomination papers rejected: CMC polls", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: With the rejection of 10 nominations papers during scrutiny on Wednesday, 535 candidates would remain in fray for election to Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC). The scrutiny was done at the respective zone offices.CMC had received 545 nominations for 66 wards in the town. Zone-I had received 105 nominations out of which two were rejected, leaving 103 candidates in fray. Zone-II had received 106 nominations and one was declared invalid, which left 105 in the fray.Only one nomination was rejected in zone-III out of 111 and now 110 candidates are in the fray.Similarly, three nominations out of total 101 were rejected in zone-IV leaving 98 candidates in fray. Zone-V had received 122 nominations out of which three were rejected leaving 119 candidates in fray.Candidates will be able to withdraw nominations by March 30. Election symbols would be allotted to candidates on March 31. The civic administration would declare the final list of candidates, voters and polling booths on April 2. Polling will be held on April 15.Meanwhile, major political parties like Congress and Shiv Sena have still not declared their final lists of candidates. Shiv Sena has declared the names of 18 candidates.BJP was the first to announce its list of all 66 candidates on Tuesday. NCP too has announced the names of its candidates and left six seats for its ally RPI. Yuva Shakti Sanghatna, considered as a dark horse, too has kept a low profile and has not announced its list. It is learnt that this organization is contemplating to contest half of the total seats in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447973", "title": "Two held in Chandni Chowk with Rs 9.85L FICN", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Wednesday claimed to have busted yet another fake Indian currency notes (FICNs) racket and arrested two persons who are found to have direct links with their coordinators in Pakistan, where these notes were printed before being pumped into India via conduits in Dubai.The duo - Imran and Jenab - were caught from Chandni Chowk while carrying a consignment of FICNs worth Rs 9.85 lakh which was sent by a Pakistan-based counterfeiter Iqbal Kana. The agency is looking for their Bangalore-based associate, who was coordinating with Dubai-based operative for running the racket.The agency said the FICNs were of high quality and contained features that can be achieved only in a government press. \"Besides, we have gathered some crucial evidence that nails Pakistan in the case,\" said a senior NIA official refusing to divulge details on the specifics of the evidence.Officials said the accused is from Kairana in UP's Muzaffarnagar district. Kana, who has been in Pakistan for several years, also belongs to Kairana.The arrests were made over a two-month period after the NIA had unearthed a big racket and arrested 14 people - including leaders of the gang operating out of Malda in West Bengal - during a nationwide swoop in January. Four persons including the Indian kingpin Morgen Hussain were arrested from Malda, whereas four others were caught in Hyderabad, three in Tamil Nadu and one each in Gulbarga (Karnataka), Moradabad (UP) and Delhi. The agency got the clue about the two Delhi accused - arrested on Wednesday - while investigating the January case.Referring to the arrests of Imran and Jenab, sources said that Kana had dispatched the seized FICN from Pakistan to Dubai, from where his close associate, one Mohd Ashraf, sent the consignment to another operative in Bangalore. The Bangalore associate had then forwarded the consignment to the accused, who are members of Kana's core group in India, for further circulation. NIA has been able identify the entire chain and is trying to zero in on the Bangalore associates, sources said.In the January case, NIA had found that the FICN were being smuggled into India via Bangladesh through the porous border of West Bengal. However, the fresh arrests have thrown light on how FICN may be going undetected at airport channels between Indian and Dubai.\"The initial interrogation of the accused has revealed a wide network of FICN operatives in northern India. We are working on the information being given by the accused and more arrests are likely to be made in coming days to neutralize the entire network,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12450001", "title": "City\u2019s poor made to stay in dog shelter, alleges NGO", "text": "GURGAON: A non-profit organization has alleged that the homeless people of the city are being made to sleep in a night shelter which was originally supposed to be a dog shed. They also claimed that people have been sleeping in the undersized rooms which were originally made to keep the dogs for sterilization. As per the complaint, cabins of 5X4 size were originally made for the dogs but later, the homeless people were made to sleep in the cabins.K K Gupta, a member of the organization, has asked the joint commissioner as well as the MCG PRO for clarification in this matter. According to the civil brigade, the cabin space is too less and people are often forced to sleep with folded legs. It has also been alleged that there is no facility of inverter or generator, during power cuts.According to the sources, the building was originally constructed as a dog shed which was supposed to be used by the hired NGOs of MCG to sterilize stray dogs. Later the NGOs started doing the sterilization at their end and the structure was then converted into a night shelter and handed over to another NGO for operation.When asked, a MCG spokesperson said that the place was never used as a dog shed and was converted as a night shelter for poor. \"The rooms are comfortable. People are provided with bed, blanket and food. Inverters and fans will be installed soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448439", "title": "Man throttles wife to death at Guruwar Peth residence", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Wednesday arrested a 35-year-old man for killing his wife on Wednesday morning.The man, Vikram alias Vicki Malhari Rasale, a resident of Excel Apartments in Guruwar Peth, allegedly throttled his wife Swati alias Rani (27) to death. The police also found several bite marks on Swati's body.Assistant commissioner of police Ranjit Dhure told TOI, \"We suspect Vikram may have hit Swati's head against the wall. A portion of the bed under her head was soaked in blood. There were blood marks on the wall of the bedroom too.\" He added that the police were waiting for the post mortem report.Vikram works as a milk supplier. His father is a retired police officer and his brother a police naik with the Pune police.Vikram, his wife, their five-month-old daughter and parents lived together in the flat. Vikram and Swati had been married in 2010. In October 2011, they had twins but the baby boy died from an ailment. \"His family told the police that since then, Vikram had been disturbed. However, he had never been violent,\" Dhure said.For the last week or so, Vikram had been convinced that someone had done black magic on him and was trying to kill him. He would not leave the house on his own. Dhure said that on Tuesday night Vikram told his brother Sanjay not to leave him as someone would kill him. Seeing Vikram's condition, his parents called their son-in-law Hanmant Shinde to talk with him. Sanjay Rasale left the house after Shinde arrived. \"Vikram then took Shinde and Swati into the bedroom of the flat and locked it from inside,\" Dhure said.Dhure said that they stayed awake all night as Vikram was still afraid that he would be killed. \"Around 7 am on Wednesday, Shinde managed to get out of the bedroom as he had to go to work. Vikram however, did not come out and did not allow Swati to come out either,\" Dhure said.Vikram's parents tried to talk to the couple but with only Vikrant answering, they called up Sanjay as well as Swati's parents. \"All of them tried to convince Vikram to come out of the room but he did not open the door,\" said senior police inspector Rajendra Kadam of the Khadak police station.Kadam said that the family members then informed the police. A police team reached the flat and broke open the door. \"When we entered the room, we found Swati unconscious and Vikram sitting near her,\" Kadam said.A doctor was called and he declared Swati dead. \"There were bites on her body. Vikram had bitten her on her left hand, her left ear, on her chin and on the stomach,\" Kadam said.Vikram was arrested under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code for murder. \"Vikram told us that he had throttled his wife. We are investigating further,\" Kadam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447674", "title": "Revenge prompts another killing in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Gang rivalry in city seems to be turning bloodier. Within a day of one murder, friends of the victim killed another youth on suspicion of him being behind the crime. However, police later said the second victim lost his life unnecessarily as he was not involved in first murder.On Tuesday afternoon, Dhamma alias Suraj Damke (20) was stabbed to death by a group of assailants at Kailash Nagar in Ajni on Tuesday afternoon. Ajni police arrested three youths including the main accused Vicky Parsekar who had planned the murder.To avenge his murder, Damke's friends on eliminated Bhushan Vyavahare alias Rahul alias Tarzan (21) on Wednesday by stabbing him more than 15 times at Sonzari Mohalla in Bidipeth under Sakkardara police station.Cops learnt that Dhamma, himself a shady character, was murdered over some old rivalry and monetary dispute. Infuriated by the murder, his gang members ransacked homes of his rivals and had created tension in many areas of Ajni. To avert more trouble, Ajni police had deployed bandobast at Dhamma's residence and also at mortuary where his body was kept.Vyavahre, a resident of Dwarkapuri, was waiting for Dhamma's post mortem at the mortuary of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) when his assailants picked him up and took him near Sakkardara where they killed him. Hours later, they surrendered to the cops.Eyewitnesses said that Vyavahare tried to flee but the youths hit him with boulders from a nearby construction site causing his death on the spot. Vyavahre was also stabbed repeatedly on his face and head even as horrified labourers and others watched.Police said the murderers stated that a month ago, Dhamma had a tiff with Vyavahare, who was once a good friend of him. A few days before Dhamma was murdered, he had an argument with Vyavahare.After Dhamma's murder, Vyavahare was spotted by former's friends with the rival gang. This led them to suspect Vyavahare's involvement in Dhamma's murder. However, police claimed that Vyavahare was not involved and was killed for no fault of his.Among his assailants were Pawan Bhonsale alias Aloo, Rakesh Waghmare alias Chotya and one Rohit, all in their 20s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447470", "title": "Slum-dwellers move HC against eviction", "text": "NAGPUR: Eight slum-dwellers move high court alleging that they were forcefully evicted from there homes by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to favour a builder. They wrote a letter to the court highlighting their plight and injustice meted out to them by the NMC and builder Nitin Hande.Taking serious cognisance of the letter, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court treated the issue as public interest litigation while appointing Anand Parchure as amicus curiae. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Arun Chaudhari on Tuesday severely criticised the NMC officials after Parchure pointed out to the court that the civic officials acted in most insensitive manner by forcefully evicting the poor slum dwellers without providing them alternate accommodation. The respondents were told to reply by Thursday when the PIL would be reheard.Parchure contended that the petitioners are residents of Ward No 96 in Lakadganj and the area was occupied by their forefathers since pre-independent era. It was also notified as slum by the Maharashtra government's Urban Development Department ( UDD) on September 15, 1994.He claimed that the corporation officials in collusion with the builder allegedly sanctioned the map of the land by showing the area as vacant. On November 7, 2008, the NMC demolished their houses and shanties without giving any prior notice and flouting all norms. After their protests, the builder agreed to provide them 350 sq ft accommodation at his own cost on a lease of 30 years on the condition that they will vacate the land. Both parties then inked a compromise deal with the condition that both of them will withdraw all rival claims and cases from all courts. However, the builder allegedly started threatening them instead of fulfilling the conditions. After this they dispatched a letter to the court.The amicus curiae argued that the builder failed to honour the conditions of deed and resulted in serious miscarriage of justice and also violation of Article 14 and 21 of the Constitution of India. The petitioners prayed for directions to the builder to provide them alternate accommodation as per deed. During last hearing, the respondents, including NMC commissioner, builder, state government and Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) were issued notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "polba (hooghly)", "code": "12447757", "title": "Robbers kill farmer, rape his wife", "text": "POLBA (HOOGHLY): Less than 24 hours of a woman being raped by robbers in South 24-Parganas' Canning, a gang of four murdered a wealthy farmer in Hooghly's Polba around midnight on Tuesday, raped his wife before fleeing with valuables.Patna village, where the incident took place, is around 60 km from Kolkata. The woman was sent for a medical examination after she broke down and narrated her ordeal before senior police officers.Krishna Chandra Mal, 50, who owns around 25 bighas of fertile land, lived with his 40-year-old wife and teenaged son. Around midnight on Tuesday, he left his bedroom to go the toilet, which is located outside the main building. His wife followed him outside. As soon as Mal opened the courtyard door, four men allegedly pounced on him. Two of them pinned him down while the rest turned their attention to his wife. Before she could get over the shock, she was gagged and trussed up. The goons pushed her into a room.The men then entered the room where Mal's son Kushal, 14, was asleep. They gagged and tied him up before starting to loot valuables from the house. By then, Mal had managed to break free from his captors and rushed towards the house. At this point, one of the miscreants pulled out a dagger and slit his throat. After Mal fell on the ground, he was stabbed repeatedly.\"Even as Mal bled to death in the courtyard, the criminals entered the room where his wife was confined. According to the woman, the men abused her sexually before leaving with the valuables they had looted. After some time, Kushal succeeded in freeing himself and went to his mother's help. Mal had died by then. The two then raised an alarm,\" a police officer said.On Wednesday morning, a large number of villagers led by Trinamool Congress leaders gheraoed Polba police station, demanding arrest of the accused. Initially, a case of murder and robbery was registered at the police station. Later, when additional SP Ashis Biswas reached the village, the woman broke down and told him that she was raped. She said she decided to break her silence after receiving support from the villagers. She was sent to the Imambara Hospital in Chinsurah for a medical examination.\"Before leaving, she spoke to us but could not say why somebody would want to kill her husband or rape her. Mal had sold the potatoes he had grown some time ago and deposited the money in the bank. His wife told us that he had obtained a tractor on hire-purchase recently. Some EMIs are still pending and Mal had allegedly received some threat calls in this regard. We shall look into this angle,\" the officer added.Barely a month ago, a widow from Polba was lured by a relative to a place where some miscreants were having alcohol and raped. Four persons have been arrested in that case.\"We have got some clues and are investigating the matter. We hope to make a breakthrough soon,\" Biswas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449543", "title": "Bhatkal aide held with arms", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the 13th arrest in four months, another top Indian Mujahideen operative from the Bihar module has been nabbed from his northeast Delhi hideout. A native of Darbhanga, Assadullah Rehman alias Dilkash, 20, was recruited by IM boss Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh.Dilkash had recently come to the city to re-establish the IM base and plot terror attacks. He had fled from the Meer Vihar arms factory in Nangloi in November last year, where the terror outfit was manufacturing arms. He escaped just days before police raided the terror factory. Dilkash had smuggled out large quantities of explosives from Meer Vihar and stockpiled arms at his Karawal Nagar hideout.Police seized 1 kg explosives, detonators and a timer during the raid. He was nabbed by a police team led by DCP Ashok Chand and additional DCP Sanjeev Yadav on Tuesday. Dilkash had recently taken the house on rent. Barely out of his teens, Dilkash was lured into jihad by IM's principal ideologue Mohammad Kafeel Ahmad, who was arrested in February. \"Ahmad introduced him to Bhatkal who further motivated him to plot terror attacks,\" said an officer.In April last year, he travelled from Darbhanga to Delhi on Bhatkal's orders and was taken to the Meer Vihar factory in Nangloi. There he learnt to work on the lathe machine and assisted the gun makers. \"Soon, he became a trusted aide of Bhatkal,\" the official said.After the massive crackdown on Indian Mujahideen in November last year, Bhatkal directed him to flee the factory premises with explosives. \"Bhatkal told him to immediately leave the city and later return to regroup ,\" the official said. Dilkash fled to Mumbai where he landed a job at a construction site at Ambi Valley near Khandala Ghat. He worked there as a supervisor for two months. Later, he shifted to a factory in Kurla to acquire more expertise on lathe machines,\" said the officer.In mid-February , Dilkash left Mumbai and went to Nepal and then returned to Delhi. Dilkash told interrogators that he had finished his schooling from Darbhanga two years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12446972", "title": "22-year-old 'tortured' over dowry", "text": "NASHIK: A 22-year-old woman Yasmin Kausar Firoz Khan, resident of Akshardham apartment, on Datta Mandir road, Nashik Road has filed a complaint against her husband alleging harassment due to dowry.In her complaint, Yasmin has said that she got married to Firoz Khan on May 4, 2009. However, to enter the marriage, she was told that Firoz Khan was an engineer. Though allegedly cheated in the marriage in the first place, Yasmin was then harassed by her husband.She was repeatedly beleagured to bring Rs 1.50 lakh from her parents. The money was allegedly needed to to buy a house.The victim alleged that her husband also He also used to tortured her physically and mentally for the dowry amount. The Yasmin has alleged in her complaint.Upanagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "12447303", "title": "Delhi cops hunt for fake Scotch factory in city", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: A Delhi police raid - the third in the past six months - has failed to unearth what has been unnerving Kolkata's Scotch lovers for the past year.The crime branch of Delhi Police suspects that a well-organized fake Scotch racket is operating from the Kidderpore-Port area of the city. While the gang members operating from other cities like Delhi and Mumbai have been arrested, the Kolkata module remains intact. The gang originally was run by an 83-year-old muscleman - a former Mr Delhi and Mr North India. He was identified as Darshan Lal Sharma and arrested last year but the fake whiskey stll flowed. His aides have taken over.\"Sharma made 'real' looking caps for fake Scotch bottles supplied to Punjab (from Delhi), Bangalore and Chennai (from Mumbai). While he has been arrested from Delhi, we have credible information to believe that spurious liquor is still finding its way to Bangladesh, Bhutan and Nepal from Kolkata besides making its presence felt in the local market,'' said additional DCP (crime) Joy Tirkey.Tirkey told TOI that the Scotch was \"prepared locally in Kolkata\" though the caps were being sourced from outside.Earlier, the arrest of six people in the country's capital had helped police find out how eastern India was consuming more Scotch than what was being imported. The fake Scotch is a blend of local brands with a tinge of the original. Initially, these two were mixed in the ratio of 3:1 by the gang at a duplex DDA flat in Sarita Vihar in southeast Delhi. Police say the same formula is now been applied in Kolkata. The gang's inventory included brands like Chivas Regal and single malts like Glenfiddich.Sharma had been running a highly specialized business for 40 years - manufacturing the \"most authentic looking\" bottle caps for the thriving fake Scotch label business in multiple cities. \"At the time of his arrest, he was supplying caps to fake Scotch manufacturing units in east Delhi, Mumbai besides Kolkata,\" said a police officer adding that they did manage to get hold of fake Scotch from the Fancy Market area in Kidderpore but could proceed no more.When asked why the crime branch did not ask local police help, the officials said they wanted to inform the Kolkata Police only after they received \"credible information about the gang's whereabouts\".Police had seized a huge number of unfinished bottle caps - 4,900 of 'Johnnie Walker Black Label' and 2,200 of 'Red Label' from Darshan's cap making units. Besides, 380 finished 'Black Label', 220 'Red Label' and 60 'Double Black Label' caps were also recovered, along with 1,126 printed cap metal sheets and 450 'Johnnie Walker Black Label' cartons from Delhi and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447168", "title": "Acharya not in jail but on air", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when IAS officer BP Acharya was expected to have surrendered before the CBI court as per the directive issued by high court, the prime accused in the Emaar scam was found giving interviews to the electronic media in which he insisted that he was innocent.The high court had on Tuesday cancelled the bail granted to him by the CBI court and directed Acharya to immediately surrender before the trial court.But sources said that the high court order was yet to reach Acharya and therefore the delay in his surrender.However, in what is being perceived as an offence of contempt by senior advocates, Acharya gave lengthy interviews to Telugu TV channels.In these interviews, Acharya claims that the CBI chargesheet does not state that APIIC's stake had been reduced from 26% to 6% and said that he had not earned a single illegal paisa in his life.He also said that a section of the media was against him.A former advocate general, who did not want to be quoted, said Acharya can be arrested by the CBI and produced in the trial court in the event of failure to surrender before court.P Veera Reddy, a practising high court advocate, told TOI:\"The fact that Acharya spoke to television channels and spoke about the details of the case and also about his readiness to go to jail again proves that he knows the essence of the HC order.\"Viewed from this angle, Acharya's actions fall amount to a contempt of court. The CBI should arrest him immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448119", "title": "Medical stir continues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Striking medical teachers donated blood and sang bhajans at the medical college campuses all over the state even as their strike completed a week on Wednesday. Meanwhile, the stalemate between the doctors and state government continued even as both parties showed inclination to resolve the issues after seven.Principal secretary health Rajesh Kishore said that the striking doctors have been invited for talks twice but they have not responded. \"We are hopeful that they will come on the table and discuss the issue with us. We are keen to resolve their issues and end the strike at the earliest\", said Kishore.On Wednesday, medical teachers at the Civil Hospital donated 54 bottles of blood while 84 bottles of blood were donated by doctors in Rajkot and Bhavnagar.Over 100 doctors have also committed to donate their eyes while forms for committing to donate bodies to the medical college for learning purpose after death were also being circulated. Doctors said that they too are aware of the problems being caused to the patients due to their strike and they hope that the government accepts their demands. \"We have decided to take back the strike only after government accepts our demands\", secretary of Gujarat Medical Teacher's Association (GMTA) JC Makwana said. The doctors have embarked on indefinite strike since March 22 demanding pay parity with other professors as per UGC norms amongst other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12448553", "title": "Department conducts elephant data book verification", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Puthuppally Kesavan stood tall among the 51 elephants which had turned up at Kidangoor for verification of the data book on Wednesday. Towering above three metres (309 cm/10.1 ft), Kesavan is the tallest elephant in the district. There is only one elephant taller than him in the state, and he is Thettikottu Kavu Ramachandran of Thrissur (316cm/10.36 ft).The verification camp at Subramanya Swamy Temple in Kidangoor was jointly conducted by the Forest Department and the Kerala Elephant Owners Federation.A second camp was held at Ilangulam in the afternoon. S G Mahesh Kumar, divisional forest officer, Kottayam told TOI that the data would be published online once it was verified and updated.All the details of an elephant will be recorded by its owner in a data book which will be verified and maintained by the Forest Department. The owner will be given a copy of the book.\"We will also give a laminated copy of the book to the mahout,\" said Ravindran Nair, secretary, Elephant Owner's Association.\"Details such as ownership, microchip number, height, length of tusks, tail length and four photographs of the elephant are recorded in the book,\" he said.He said the idea had been mooted after it became difficult to meet the needs of different departments with regard to an elephant. \"Various departments like police, revenue, forest, etc., wanted details about elephants. Each one wanted different details and it had become a headache for us.\"Around 10 elephants did not turn up at the morning camp as they were under the influence of 'musth'.Advocate Rajesh Pallattu, assistant secretary, Elephant Owners Federation said the data book would ease identification of elephants and make the process more transparent.Dr Sabu C Issac, veterinary surgeon, Elephant Squad in Kottayam said that with the introduction of the data book getting details of an elephant had become easy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12453956", "title": "Kudankulam expected to commence production in 2 months: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Days after her government's green signal to the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa today said the plant is expected to commence production in two months.\"The Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project is expected to commence production in two months\", she said in the state assembly, elaborating on steps to increase energy availability to the power crisis hit state.The government had recently given its go ahead to the Indo-Russian project at Kudankulam, where work was stalled for several months, following protest by anti-nuclear activists over safety concerns. Work on the first two units, each capable of producing 1000 MW, is almost complete.The Jayalalithaa government had given the green signal after maintaining silence for several months on commissioning of KNPP, paving the way for immediate resumption of work.Both the central and state expert panels had certified the plant as safe.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, spearheading the stir against the project, withdrew its nine-day indefinite fast yesterday, but is continuing the agitation.Responding to members' observation that the budget did not contain any power projects, she said the AIADMK government had added 2,518 MW during its previous tenure in 2001-2006 as against 206 MW during the last DMK regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452577", "title": "Neha Dhupia refuses to get intimate on screen", "text": "It appears actress Neha Dhupia has changed, and how? In 2004, she gave a stunning, no-holds-barred performance in Deepak Shivdasani's Julie that was replete with some really hot love making scenes .Following which, she went about town saying, \"Only sex and SRK sell\". However, the actress doesn't seem to think so anymore, at least the part about sex being saleable. A case in point is her recent refusal to be part of Shivdasani's ambitious sequel to Julie.We can tell you that while Neha is yet to inform Shivdasani about her disinterest in Julie 2, she has made up her mind about not wanting to be part of the film. Although Neha remained unavailable for comment, a very close friend of hers told Mirror, \"Deepak Shivdasani approached Neha again for the lead role.He needs to start the sequel soon. But he'll have to hunt for someone other than Neha now. Julie 2 is going to be at least as bold as Julie if not bolder. And Neha has now decided she doesn't want to expose too much.\"So why such a paradigm shift in stance? Her friend said, \"Shivdasani's Julie happened eight years ago. Times have changed. It was different earlier. Neha's image has changed now, and she wants it to remain that way.\" True, over the years, Dhupia has been toying with different kinds of roles, even garnering critical acclaim for some like Ek Chalis Ki Last Local, Mithya, Dus Kahaniyaan and Chup Chup Ke. Then again, it is surprising to see her turn down the sequel to a film that catapulted her into the limelight in the first place.Dare we say that Neha's rock-solid relationship with Venezuelan boyfriend James Sylvester may be one of the reasons for her current bent of mind. What say Neha?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12449135", "title": "Fisherwomen to get loans at subsidized interest rate of 3%", "text": "MANGALORE: Now, poor fisherwomen in Mangalore and Udupi need not depend on local money lenders to fund their business. The state government's scheme of financing fisherwomen at a subsidized interest rate of 3% through joint liability groups (JLG) has been launched here on Wednesday.A total of 72 JLGs in Mangalore comprising about 700 fisherwomen will get loans to the tune of Rs 3.5 crore to procure fish and other implements, while 233 JLGs with about 2,000 fisherwomen in Malpe region will get Rs 9.73 crore.Dakshina Kannada and Udupi District Co-operative Fish Marketing Federation (CFMF) Limited will identify JLGs and distribute loans through the Corporation Bank.Corporation Bank chairman and managing director Ajay Kumar said that the loans were repayable within 35 months. \"Each JLG will have a minimum four and a maximum ten members and each member will be eligible for a maximum loan of Rs 50,000,\" he added.CFMF managing director M L Doddamani told TOI that the bank would charge only 3% as interest from fisherwomen. \"The actual interest rate is 12.5 percent. The state government will bear the rest of the amount, if fisherwomen repay the loans on time. Interest rate will be increased if fisherwomen default in loan repayment,\" he added.Coastal Development Authority chairman B Nagaraj Shetty, who launched the scheme, said that the main objective of the programme was to empower fisherwomen in the region. \"The government is committed to provide infrastructure including fish markets of international standards. The government will take initiatives to develop about 801 fish-vending centres in coastal districts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12448680", "title": "Sasikala disowns kin, woos Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move to patch up with Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, her estranged friend Sasikala Natarajan on Wednesday disowned her relatives saying they had conspired against the AIADMK supremo.In a startling statement, first flashed on Jaya TV, Sasikala said, \"I have snapped ties with everyone who betrayed the Tamil Nadu CM. I had no clue these relatives hatched a conspiracy against her. I can never forgive my relatives who tried to conspire against her.\" The statement is a clear indication that Sasikala is keen on a rapprochement with the CM.Recently, she gave a clean chit to Jayalalithaa in a Bangalore court trying the disproportionate assets case against the Tamil Nadu CM saying she had nothing to do with the day-to-day affairs of the firms floated by her relatives, and that it was she (Sasikala) who managed the affairs of the companies. Jayalalithaa has not reacted to Sasikalaa's statement yet.While there was widespread speculation about a conspiracy by Sasikala's relatives to unseat Jayalalithaa that had led to her and her relatives' expulsion from the primary membership of the AIADMK in December last, the CM herself had never spoken about it and neither had the AIADMK. Subsequently, a few of them, including Sasikala's husband Natarajan and her brother V K Divakaran, were arrested in a series of criminal cases.Sources close to Sasikala said that a patch-up between the two was likely soon. Her statement gave enough indication that she was likely to return to Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence minus her entourage. \"I have never dreamt of betraying the CM. I have broken ties with all those who betrayed her. Whoever betrayed the CM is unwanted to me. I was shocked to learn that they were scheming against her,\" Sasikala said.\"Those who claimed to be my relatives and betrayed the CM cannot be forgiven,\" she said. In a two-page statement, Sasikala addressed Jayalalithaa as 'akka' (elder sister) several times. At an AIADMK meeting soon after the expulsions, Jayalalithaa had told her party men that she will not forgive those who betrayed her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447907", "title": "Manufacturer of Goregaon building lift which crashed held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Goregaon police on Tuesday arrested the proprietor of an elevator manufacturing and maintenance firm on Tuesday in connection with the lift collapse at a highrise which left 10 persons injured.\"Karamveer Jain (35) of Hallmark Elevators Pvt Ltd was held on charges of causing hurt by endangering the life and personal safety of others. He has been released on bail,\" said senior inspector Arun Jadhav. Chamunda Builders &amp; Developers, which constructed the highrise, have also been booked.The lift, carrying 10 persons, had collapsed from the fifth floor of Chamunda Jewel Society around 1 pm on Sunday. \"Jain claimed that his team had been servicing the lift at Chamunda Jewel every two to three days. He also claimed that the manufacturing was foolproof and there was no reason for the collapse to take place. Inspectors from the Public Works Department (PWD) observed that a mechanical defect had caused the collapse. But we are awaiting a detailed report from them,\" Jadhav added.Of the victims, three are still in Surana Hospital in Malad. \"Pravin Jain, Darshan Gill and Jasminkant Jain are recuperating. Their condition has shown improvement. The fourth, Dinesh Shrivastava, was discharged,\" said Afzal Shaikh, vice-president of the hospital. Shrivastava and Pravin require arthroscopic surgery for ligament injury.The police said most of the residents had moved in only six months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448203", "title": "Ex-Mhada man's bail plea rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: Former deputy collector of Mhada, Nitesh Thakur, who was arrested in a disproportionate assets case was remanded in judicial custody till April 10.The Alibaug court rejected his bail application on Wednesday after the ACB filed a report that if he was granted bail he may tamper with evidence.On March 15, the ACB, Alibaug division, had raided Thakur's 26 properties in the ongoing probe into his disproportionate assets worth Rs 118 crore. After the raids the ACB found that Thakur's assets were worth more than Rs 200 crore. Public prosecutor Vaibhav Bhole said, \"The police custody period of 14 days was over. We are opposing his bail application since if he is granted bail, he may hamper the probe.\" Bhole said the ACB is awaiting the Forensic Science Laboratory's report of Thakur's hard discs, bank account statements and evaluation report of the jewellery siezed from his residences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448282", "title": "Mulling law to curb trial by media, govt tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attorney General G E Vahanvati on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that the Centre was considering Law Commission's 200th report titled \"Trial by Media', which recommending amendment to contempt of court laws to empower judiciary to impose restrictions on reporting to curb possible interference in the administration of justice, protect fair trial and right of accused.\"The government is actively considering the recommendations and seeking response from the state governments for preparing a draft law on the issue,\" Vahanvati told a five-judge constitution bench during the hearing of an application by Sahara India Real Estate Corporation for framing of guidelines on media reporting of cases under active judicial scrutiny.The AG's response came a little after senior advocate Fali S Nariman told the court that the Law Commission's report in August, 2006, elaborately dealt with the issue of reporting relating to sub-judice matters but the government had neither rejected it nor bothered to act on it.The Commission headed then by Justice M Jagannadha Rao had said: \"There is need to empower the courts to pass 'postponement' orders as to publication. While courts have held that conditions for passing orders of prior restraint should be permitted only under stringent conditions, it is, however, accepted that temporary postponement of publication can be passed. This is accepted in several jurisdictions across the world.\"The commission had also said that publications prejudicial to the person after his arrest relating to his character, previous convictions and alleged confessions could also amount to contempt of court.It had said intervewing witnesses after filing of chargesheet was highly objectionable even under the existing law but lack of knowledge of contempt laws among media has resulted in abuse of this.The court pointed out that for the purpose of the ongoing exercise, page 171 of the Law Commission report was crucial. The relevant page referred to Australian Law Reforms Commission report on Contempt and Prejudice to Jury, which accepted that the risk that reports of legal proceedings might contain material which could prejudice a jury trial.The Australian commission had recommended that a court should have power to postpone publication of a report of any part of proceedings \"if it is satisfied that the publication could give rise to substantial risk that the fair trial of an accused for an indictable offence might be prejudiced because of the influence which the publication may have on jurors.\"The court said it would lay down guidelines which would remain in force till the government framed appropriate law. \"If administration of justice is affected, we will act,\" it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449666", "title": "After MCD split, parties split manifestos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Congress chief J P Aggarwal may be keen on a single manifesto for the coming municipal elections, but he's learnt to have bowed to the CM's will, who wants separate manifestos for the three new corporations . Sources said even during apex committee meetings held over the weekend, there was friction between the DPCC chief and chief minister Sheila Dikshit . But, like on all other issues, party members buried their differences and presented a united front. Earlier last year when the CM was pushing for MCD trifurcation , Aggarwal had made his opposition to the move known. It was only after the party high command, Sonia Gandhi , stepped in that the differences were smoothed out, and Aggarwal agreed to follow the party line.On the issue of manifesto, too, the DPCC chief and the CM had different views. But an agreement has been reached and the Congress is giving final touches to the document. The party proposes to highlight in its manifesto the successful trifurcation of the MCD by the Delhi government that will make municipal governance effective. The manifesto is likely to hold out promises of development across the three corporations .Taking on the BJP for poor governance while being the ruling dispensation in the MCD, the Congress proposes to package trifurcation as a panacea for the mess. It will also highlight the 50% reservation for women in the three corporations . The Congress plans to convince voters that all that remains undone to make Delhi a \"world-class\" city has a lot to do with poor civic services under the BJP, which can be overcome through trifurcation, top party sources said.For each of the three municipalities, the Congress plans to offer something different. For instance, the manifesto committee is taking into account the special development needs for decongesting the Walled City and Karol Bagh, which fall in the North corporation. Also the Congress may offer assurances for development norms and building bylaws in the large number of rural and urban villages that fall in the South corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448392", "title": "MPs bay for Gen V K Singh's scalp, BJP calls for restraint", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was outrage in Rajya Sabha over General V K Singh's letter to PM Manmohan Singh on arms and ammunition shortage in the Army, with several parties demanding that the Army chief be sacked immediately as he himself seemed to have leaked his communication to the PM.As the Opposition led by BJP took a more nuanced position, there was complete unanimity in the House that those responsible for the leak be identified and punished. Antony later assured the House that he had taken serious note of the observations made by the House and that \"appropriate action\" will be taken after discussions with the PM. Received with a thumping of desk even by Opposition MPs, this paved the way for House to resume its work.The House was adjourned twice in the morning with BJP MP Venkaiah Naidu raising the issue. He was supported by JD-U Shivanand Tiwari who demanded that the Army chief be sacked on the grounds of indiscipline. Ram Kirpal Yadav of RJD, a staunch Congress ally, too insisted on an explanation from Antony.Admitting that the issues raised by Gen Singh's letter were being looked into, Antony said that the \"top secret letter\" was not expected to come out and that the government would respond to the letter at an appropriate time. This failed to pacify the MPs though. When the House finally resumed at 12 pm, Antony said that such issues cannot be subject of public debate and that publishing the secret communication \"cannot serve our national interest\".Leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley said that while there was a need for restraint, issues of leakage and defence preparedness needed to be addressed. \"Too much information, which disturb us, are coming out with regard to integrity of procurement process. I urge the government to ensure there are no malpractices in it,\" said Jaitley.\"Once such communication comes out in the media, an alarmist situation is created because the facts mentioned are very disturbing. I hope the defence minister will plug all shortcomings in the procurement process,\" he added.Lok Sabha MP Asaduddin Owaisi, a member of the Defence standing Committee, said he was thinking of filing a privilege motion. \"Government should take strong action against the Army Chief. For the past two years, the defence standing committee has been told that the armed forces have been very successful in spending their capital outlay, unlike the previous years. So were they fooling the members? It is a breach of privilege, I am thinking of filing a privilege motion,\" he said.While BJD Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra reminded the House that sacking can also be carried out under Article 311 of the Constitution without any inquiry, SP's Ram Gopal Yadav too demanded that action be taken against the chief if he is found guilty of the leak.CPM leader Sitaram Yechury too demanded action against those responsible. \"That responsibility will have to be fixed and action be taken irrespective of the position he may hold in defence services or civilian administration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447719", "title": "Construction boom takes toll on green cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: Construction boom is the biggest factor taking a toll on the state's green cover. If one goes by the past 10 years' record, Construction work has beaten other infrastructural projects like power, irrigation and roads. At least 3,400 hectare forest area has gone for construction and other one-time projects in UP in ten years' time from 2000 to 2009. The forest land used for two major infrastructure activities, road widening and power projects, is a chunk, half in size or even less of what has been used for 'other' purposes.\"Construction is one of the major purposes under the head. It's mostly the one-time activity,\" said sources in the forest department.However, what have been the construction projects for which the forest land was transferred is what even the yearly review report of the department does not mention. And, the safest plea taken by the department is that to know of the construction projects, every individual transfer case will have to be assessed.The biggest ever transfer of forest land has been to the Army in Shivalik. Some 2,000 hectare was transferred to the Army for developing a firing range in 2007-08, the biggest ever in the past three decades in the state, says the report.The land has been given on a lease for 30 years to the Army, and there cannot be construction done at the place. The department has got one-time premium for the land, along with 10% of the one-time premium (which is worked on the basis of the DM circle rate), every year.The diversion of forest land for any non-forestry purpose requires transfer of the land under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980. The department realizes the cost of the land, from the agency to which the land has been transferred. Besides, the land never loses the status of being the forest land.Road widening has been the second major activity for which forest land has been used. NHAI in the past ten years has taken up widening of state and national highways actively, seeking transfer of more than 1,900 hectare of forest land in the state.\"And this has happened all over the state,\" said sources. NHAI has also sought clearance for Lucknow-Sultanpur, Lucknow-Allahabad and Kabrai (Mahoba)-Kanpur stretches. The forest land transferred to the power projects has been much less, some 490 hectare. The forest land has also been transferred for mining, laying water pipelines, irrigation and drinking water projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12448636", "title": "MC: Pay dues with no interest before Mar 31", "text": "LUDHIANA: After being unsuccessful in recovering water, sewerage and house tax charges, the municipal corporation is now trying all possible ways to get people to pay their bills. Public announcements are being made in the residential areas.According to data, MC needs to recover more than Rs 99 crore as water and sewerage charges and Rs 26 crore as house tax. However, the operation and maintenance cell got just Rs 25 crore water and sewerage dues and Rs 20 crore house tax. MC is plying four-wheelers in many areas and the loudspeakers are mounted inside the vehicles. The authorities are telling people to clear the dues by March 31 or pay interest. Additional commissioner (technical) Manjit Singh said, ''People should come forward and pay the outstandings. We hope to recover Rs 1 crore before March 31.'' Superintendent of house tax department Tajinder Singh said they hope to meet their targets in time.Meanwhile, residents said it was difficult for them to reach the MC office for clearing their dues. ''MC was to start the online bill payment facility around a year ago but nothing had been done. Waiting for the service to begin, people avoid visiting the civic body office,'' said Taranjot Singh of Haibowal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12448900", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's senate meet may get stormy", "text": "SURAT: Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's (VNSGU) senate meeting scheduled on Thursday is likely be stormy as the senators are expected to press for revoking of decisions by former vice-chancellor B A Prajapati. For the first time in the history of VNSGU, a vice-chancellor's decision will be challenged by senators during the senate meeting.The past senate meeting was held amid controversy as there were allegations against Prajapati from all corners of the varsity. During the meeting, a group of students barged into the senate hall after which the meeting was discontinued in 2011. However, the decisions which were on the agenda of the senate were approved by the VC after the meeting was over.\"Governor and chancellor of the university is chairman of senate as per the University Act 9 and he is the only person who can approve any decision on behalf of the senate. But in this particular case, the VC took decisions which is violation of the law as he does not have powers,\" said V D Naik, syndicate member at VNSGU.The decisions approved by Prajapati include total 10 items including amendment to the VNSGU's ordinance and statute. \"It is a major violation of law and a person sitting on seat of vice chancellor cannot do this. Other learned senators and I will demand withdrawal of the approvals,\" said Gaurang Vaidya, a senate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448012", "title": "Gold dealers strike from March 29-30", "text": "PANAJI: Following a call by the all India gold and jewellery federation, the Goa gold dealers have decided to down shutters of their establishments on March 29, 30 and 31 in protest against government proposals of revising import and excise duty on gold.The Goa gold dealers took the decision at a meeting held under the chairmanship of their president Vikram Verlekar, at the Goa chamber of commerce and industry Ghall in Panaji.It was felt by members that the industry was presently facing a slowdown due to increasing prices of gold and that the industry, not being an organized one, involved thousands of small jewellers and artisans who will be further affected by an increase in excise and import duty rates.The proposal to impose TDS on cash transactions of over 2 lakh was impractical and would cause immense hardship and also loss of business to the dealers, Verlekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12447801", "title": "Journalists thrashed by junior doctors in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Junior doctors and group D staff of Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH) beat up seven photo journalists on Wednesday. Hospital authorities have lodged an FIR against the junior doctors. RAF personnel were deployed at the spot to bring the situation under control.On Wednesday afternoon, a sixteen-year-old patient died of diarrhoea. Her family members alleged that she died due to negligence of hospital authorities. This led to an argument between the deceased's family and junior doctors. When people from the media reached the spot, the junior doctors reportedly attacked them with sticks and broke their cameras.Asit Samanta, superintendent of BMCH said, \"A cholera patient died today at the hospital. There was a tussle between the patient's family members deceased and junior doctors. The junior doctors also attacked media persons. An FIR has been lodged against the doctors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449175", "title": "Paazee forex scam: CBI opposes top cop\u2019s bail plea", "text": "CHENNAI: The CBI has told the Madras high court that it needed to arrest inspector-general of police and senior IPS officer S Pramod Kumar in the Rs 1,000 crore Paazee Forex scam in Tirupur. Pramod Kumar, who was inspector-general of police (west zone) when the scam surfaced, extorted Rs 2.85 crore from the accused.Opposing the anticipatory bail plea of Pramod Kumar, the CBI said that during the searches conducted at the IPS officer's homes in Chennai and Bihar, documents relating to movable and immovable properties purchased by him had been seized.\"Investigation so far revealed the involvement of the officer in extortion of money by abusing his official position ...It is pertinent for the investigation to interrogate him as to where he concealed or invested all the money,\" the counter affidavit said.The Paazee Forex scam broke out in September 2009 after its directors - K Mohanraj, Kathiravan and A Kamalavalli - failed to pay huge returns promised by them to thousands of depositors . The high court entrusted the matter to the CBI on April 19, 2011. Pramod Kumar's houses were raided a couple of weeks ago.The CBI contended that Pramod Kumar's men demanded Rs 10 crore from the Paazee promoters promising they need not pay any money to depositors. In about 11 installments, the promoters paid Rs 2.85 crore.CBI said it needed to recover the extorted money and wanted the court to reject the IPS officer's anticipatory bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448051", "title": "Govt rallies to give netas access to Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Wednesday assured political parties that it is committed to ensuring that Shivaji Park is made available to them for special rallies and events.Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav told the legislative council that efforts were on to work around a high court ban on political rallies at the historical maidan and make the ground available at least for political rallies of leaders of national importance.\"The state government understands and is committed in upholding the sanctity of the freedom of speech and its importance in the growth of democracy. I will hold a meeting of officials from the urban development department, law and judiciary and the BMC to find a solution,\" said Jadhav, while reminding members that a request to change the environment law is pending with the Centre. He said the government, in its affidavit to the court, has suggested that only registered religious places be recognized as part of silence zones, hospitals be defined as those with at least 15 beds and schools with at least 100 students.After having failed to hold a single political rally at Shivaji Park during the recently-concluded BMC polls, the Opposition parties, on Wednesday, made an attempt to corner the state government on the issue.Leader of opposition in the council, Vinod Tawde, said, \"The government must understand the significance of the sentiments of the Marathi people. It must push for a change of law at the Centre to allow special rallies at the ground.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447320", "title": "Bengal set to amend panchayat act amid protests from opposition", "text": "KOLKATA: The recent vesting of financial powers in DMs of three zilla parishads by an executive order could be the beginning of more such steps in the days to come. State panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee left broad hints on Wednesday, saying that the government won't compromise on performance. \"Let not the grey areas in the panchayat act come in the way of the delivery mechanism,\" he said.The government is going to amend the West Bengal Panchayat Raj Act, 1973 to incorporate certain sections based on the experience of running the panchayat system in the state. \"It's true that the act came in place when I was the minister in the Siddhartha Shankar Ray cabinet in 1973, but I couldn't implement it. The panchayats were formed in 1978. The Left Front could have amended the act to plug the loopholes. But they didn't.\"For instance, the Act doesn't specify what happens to the zilla parishad karmadhyaksha when the financial powers are vested in the district magistrate or the fate of elected representatives from a particular party to the zilla parishad if they lose their majority before the tenure ends. It doesn't even specify the fate of the defunct panchayat and panchayat samitis. Mukherjee will be taking up these points with the Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh in New Delhi today.Mukherjee's statement comes only days after he wrested all financial powers of three opposition-run zilla parishads and handed it over to district magistrates.Mukherjee's statement came amid assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra blaming the government for selectively targeting opposition-run zilla parishads, which are much higher on the performance scale.Mukherjee said the 1973 Act did not address a situation when the civic bodies' functionaries, elected for a five-year-term, lose their majority before the end of term.Mishra alleged: \"As per the state government's own records, North 24-Parganas zilla parishad is only second in terms of all performance parameters. South 24-Parganas and North Dinajpur, where incidentally Trinamool controls the zilla parishad, figure in number 17 and 18 respectively on the list. These are the last positions. If the minister had done this on the basis of performance, why were the Trinamool-controlled laggard zilla parishads left out?\"Mukherjee's statement in the assembly regarding North 24-Parganas didn't mention anything on the zilla parishad failing to pass its budget (it is explicitly mentioned for Nadia and Mushidabad), though he had mentioned it only the day before.It said: \"Immediately after the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, a special session was convened demanding the ouster of the zilla parishad office bearers and it was passed by a majority vote creating legal complications.\" Mukherjee said in the assemblythat for North 24-Parganas, only section 212 of the 1973 panchayat act had been invoked.For Murshidabad and Nadia, Mukherjee chose to blame the zilla parishads for not passing their budgets.as a reason for taking away their financial powersTherefore, in addition to the 1973 Act, a 2008 rule - enacted by the then Left Front government - has also been invoked. Mukherjee claimed that the Left Front government had done the same with 67 gram panchayats and four panchayat samitis during their tenure. Mishra rubbished the claims and said: \"These were done primarily in extremist-affected areas where majority of these bodies were controlled by Left.\"Mukherjee didn't say anything against statement in the assembly is also quite on the claim that Murshidabad zilla parishad's claim that it had passed its budget on Saturday. \"On March 23, a letter was sent asking the ZP to complete the budget. On the same day another letter was sent saying the zilla parishad had no role in allocating or disbursing funds. They didn't even wait for a day for the budget to be completed,\" said CPM's Anisur Rehman. Mukherjee read out a letter written by Israil to the government on irregularities taking place, which were not part of the written text circulated among the MLAs.The CPM members, led by Mishra, rose from their seats and protested saying the letter was not circulated and questioned how the minister could read it out in the house. Mukherjee replied that the letter was only a supporting document corroborating the action taken by his department.The CPM MLAs later rushed to Speaker Biman Bandopadhyay and tore the circulated speech before walking out of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452380", "title": "Ashim Samanta's son to work with Sanju's niece", "text": "Their grandparents came together for a film 53 years back. One generation and 24 years later, the families reunited for yet another project. The legacy started by Shakti Samanta and Sunil Dutt with the film Insaan Jaag Utha, will now be taken forward by their grandchildren. The filmmaker's grandson will make his debut in Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai opposite Nazia Hussain, a third generation Dutt.Producer Ashim Samanta (Shakti Samanta's son) told us, \"Dad and Dutt Sahab (Sunil Dutt) worked together in Insaan Jaag Utha. Then I directed Sanjay Dutt in Main Aawara Hoon. And now, my son is working with Sanju's niece, Nazia.\"Talking about Nazia, the filmmaker added, \"It's in the Dutt genes to do good work. She is very talented. Our families have always remained cordial.\"Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is directed by Narayan Singh and the music composed by Anu Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12449337", "title": "PNB ATM theft case: Police still groping in dark", "text": "VADODARA: Despite questioning number of people, including employees of agencies that maintain ATMs, the city police have not been able to crack the theft case of Punjab National Bank (PNB) ATM yet. A gang of robbers had stolen over Rs 9 lakh cash from PNB's ATM about 10 days ago.According to the police, they have recovered images of the robbers from the footage, but nothing is visible as the robbers had covered their faces. \"We have been questioning employees of the agencies, but no concrete clue has surfaced yet. We are sure that some insider is involved but we are not getting any evidence,\" a police official said.The gang had broken open the digital and manual lock of ATM within short time - something that no other gang had done earlier. Even the cops were left surprised with the expertise with which the robbers had opened the machine. Days before the PNB ATM cash theft, robbers had stolen entire ATMs from two different areas. These cases too are yet to be cracked. The robbers have not disposed the ATMs after stealing cash from it. The police is working overtime to crack the case and it has even increased night patrolling to avoid such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447611", "title": "Digging deep to help conserve groundwater", "text": "NAGPUR: As the summer set in, the city-based Central Ground Water Board (CGWB), ministry of water resources (MoWR) of the government of India organized an awareness-cum-training programme among officials from the various government organizations. The main aim was to make officials aware about the importance of aquifer mapping and the proposed participatory groundwater management, two of the ministry's recent schemes.Officers of more than 30 organizations under the central as well as state government, like Geological Survey of India, agriculture department , irrigation department, zilla parishad, panchayat samiti among others, participated in the programme.Regional director of CGWB Pradeep Dube stressed the importance of aquifer mapping to help overcome stress situation and deterioration of water quality. He also spoke about a project of the board at Chandrabhaga watershed in the district, which has helped the locals get enough water throughout the year.\"With the help of Food and Agriculture Organisation of United Nations, participatory groundwater management may also be taken up at the site soon,\" he said. The participatory approach needs to be taken with due consideration by government, NGOs as well as people at large, he added.\"If every family makes an effort to save even 15 litres of water, the farmers in the country would have more groundwater available for irrigation,\" said Archana Kadu, deputy director of agriculture department, Nagpur, who was the guest of honour. She pointed out the need to include water-saving measures in our daily life.Urging the participants to propagate the knowledge that they acquired to the grassroots level, district superintending agriculture officer of Nagpur Uday Patil said, \"Last year, crops were affected severely due to less rainfall. This situation could have been avoided had we been using proper groundwater management practices.\"Senior scientist of CGWB PK Jain spoke about the impact assessment of various techniques of groundwater augmentation, said \"Different physio-climatic conditions call for different kinds of schemes.\"Being advisers of the people, these officials need to know about such issues themselves first,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448077", "title": "PIL against hotels-in-CRZ policy disposed", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently disposed of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by NGO Goa Foundation challenging the government's hotels and beach resorts policy in CRZ III areas.A division bench of Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre observed that \"the challenge to the policy is premature and at this stage when all requisite measures and steps have yet to be undertaken, leave alone completed, we will not be in a position to hold that the petitioner's apprehension is well founded\".The court further observed that although the policy, which includes detailed guidelines for considering project proposals of hotels/beach resorts in CRZ III areas, has been notified, the exercise that the high court had directed in an earlier judgment and the steps required to be taken under CRZ Notification 2011 have not yet been completed.Goa Foundation had sought a stay and the quashing of the policy which envisages the utilization of available open plots in CRZ III areas for establishing hotels and beach resorts. The NGO had pointed out that the policy is contrary to the findings and directions of the high court in its October 13, 2006 judgment.The court had at that time directed the state government to identify open plots in CRZ III which are available for construction of hotels and to frame an appropriate policy for the plots' utilization before allowing construction.The petitioner alleged that no such identification had been carried out before the framing of the policy.The petitioner further stated that CRZ Notification 2011 had also been violated and even turtle-nesting sites are included in the 4,000 sq m demarcated under the policy as permissible for development of beach resorts.The state government's policy was framed in June 2011 pursuant to directions issued by the high court in 2006 following a PIL filed by the Goa Foundation then.The latter PIL had alleged large-scale violations of the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) Notification, 1991. In the new PIL, the petitioner's lawyer, Norma Alvares, argued that the maps from the policy document would indicate resorts being permitted within the dwelling locality areas/gaothan of CRZ III.In addition, the policy also shows plots in CRZ I as permissible for resorts, she pointed out.She expressed apprehension that if this policy came into force it would have an adverse effect on the environment and ecology and would lead to the degradation of Goa's coastal areas in totality.The then advocate general Subodh Kantak had submitted that as per the provisions of CRZ Notification 2011 the state government has to identify and map sand dunes, mangroves, khazan lands and prepare management plans for turtle-nesting sites at Mandrem, Morjim, Galgibaga and Agonda.He had informed the court that the government was awaiting a detailed project proposal from RSI, Hyderabad, for identification and mapping of areas of sand dunes, khazan lands and mangroves along the Goa coast, including mapping of estuaries and riverine areas to determine the suitability of use of land for the purpose of hotel/beach resorts. \"At every level there is check and balance provided in the process of approving any proposal. This is the first stage in the assessment. There is a detailed process of analysis, assessment and appraisal and any hotel project that is detrimental to the sustainable growth, protection and development cannot be considered,\" Kantak had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448198", "title": "Abducted Bangalore jeweller stabbed to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A Bangalore jeweller who had been abducted was found murdered near Dobbespet on Tumkur Road on Wednesday. The body of Nitin Behra, 33, owner of BRN Jewellery on Avenue Road and Shanthinagar, was found with multiple stab wounds near the old Nijagal bridge, 53 km from here.Tollgate employees noticed the body and informed Nelamangala police around 12.30pm. No bloodstains were found, indicating that the killers had committed the crime elsewhere. It is not clear how and where Nitin, a Shanthinagar resident, was picked up by his captors-turned-killers.He is survived by his wife, a four-year-old son and a two-year-old daughter. The jeweller usually returned home around 9.30pm every day. But on Tuesday night he was delayed. When his wife, Uma, called him on his mobile, Nitin told her he was busy and would return home soon. But when he did not turn up by 10pm, Uma again called him, only to be told he was held up and would come home soon. Nitin sounded to be in some trouble, Uma told police later.Ten minutes later, Uma received a call from Nitin, who asked her to keep all the money and jewels they had at home ready to be given to a man he would be sending. A shocked Uma asked Nitin how she would identify the man. He told her the man would be coming on his (the jeweller's) black scooter. A little later, a man arrived and took away Rs 2,000 and a gold chain that Uma gave him.\"He asked me to get all I had, so that he could give it to my husband. I was too frightened. I could not observe anything about the courier. I asked him how Nitin was. Before leaving, the man told me Nitin was fine and was at work,\" Uma said.Nitin again called Uma, asking her to go to their shop and give all the money and gold ornaments to some people who would turn up there. She sent their employee Mithun to a designated spot with the valuables. But nobody arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449156", "title": "Grocer waylaid in bid to steal day\u2019s collection, murdered", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified men murdered a 57-year-old grocer a few metres from his house in Madhavaram early on Wednesday in an attempt to snatch his day's collection. However, the many wasn't carrying the cash, police said.Police said P Rajarathnam was walking to his house on Gandhi Nagar Second Street when he was intercepted around 2am on Madhavaram High Road.The assailants, armed with a branch of a tree, stepped in front of the grocer, attacked him and escaped. The victim ran a grocery at Moolakadai where he had locked the day's collection of 52,000 in a safe before starting for home, police said.Later in the morning, a passerby noticed him lying in a pool of blood and alerted the police who rushed to the spot and sent the body for post-mortem to the Government Royapettah hospital. While forensic experts collected some sets of prints from the spot, a sniffer dog was pressed into service.\"Rajarathnam always took the same route carrying the day's collection to reach his house which is just a few meters away from his shop. The assailants could have probably followed him or may have waited for him and murdered him believing that he had come with the daily collection,\" MKB Nagar assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan said.Rajarathnam is survived by his wife Lakshmi, son Senthil and daughter Dhanalakshmi.\"We are investigating to find out if the murder was fallout of personal enmity. We are looking into other possibilities as well as the gold ring he had worn was intact,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12449480", "title": "Anger at your past life can make you ill", "text": "LONDON: Don't look back in anger at your life - it may take a toll on your health, says a new study. Researchers at the University of Granada have carried out the study and found that people who dwell on their past with regret or bitterness are more likely to fall ill in the future.Those who look back in anger are more sensitive to pain. The study also suggested that focusing too much on the future can stop people enjoying what they have. The happiest and healthiest people, according to the researchers, are those who manage to enjoy the here and now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12449332", "title": "Ruckus in Vadodara Municipal Corporation board meet over Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: A major showdown took place in the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) general board meeting over Sursagar. The ruling BJP and opposition Congress were involved in a verbal duel and the meeting had to be adjourned.The issue of Sursagar was raked up by opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi who demanded that the VMC should set a deadline for stopping drainage inflow in the pond. He even said that it was not proper to have an imposing Shiva statue standing in the dirty pond and it should be cleaned.Former mayor and standing committee chairman from BJP Shabdasharan Brahmbhatt countered Gandhi alleging that he was spreading misinformation. He said that Gandhi had given statements that immersions would stop in Sursagar even when the VMC had no such plans. Gandhi shot back saying that Brahmbhatt was diverting issues and it was his 'dhandha (business)' to do so.BJP councillors raised severe objections to the word 'dhandha' and said Gandhi's language was derogatory and he should withdraw the words. Gandhi who was in no mood to relent said that he would do so if he VMC gave a deadline for stopping drainage flow into Sursagar. The meeting was adjourned amid noisy scenes. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447781", "title": "Is Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat saga playing out again?", "text": "NEW DELHI: On December 30, 1998, shortly after midday a special aircraft arrived at the naval base in Kochi, and almost around the same time the then defence minister George Fernandes was on line with Vice Admiral Sushil Kumar, the then commander-in-chief of Southern Naval Command.Fernandes asked Kumar to collect a letter carried by the pilot of the special aircraft and report to Delhi by 6pm same day. \"The President is pleased to promote you to the rank of ADMIRAL and appoint you in command of the Indian Navy as Chief of the Naval Staff, with effect from PM 30 December, 1998,\" it said.Almost simultaneously, the then Navy chief Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat was served another order: \"The President has withdrawn his pleasure for your continuation in the Indian Navy for lack of confidence in you as the Chief of the Naval Staff, with effect from PM 30 December, 1998.\"It drew the curtains on a tumultuous stand-off between Admiral Bhagwat and the defence ministry that was going on for several weeks. For many veterans and serving officers, the present developments surrounding Army chief Gen V K Singh have brought back memories of that unique event in Independent India: the sacking of a military chief.The developments over past few days have painted the government into a corner over how to deal with the Army chief, who first dragged the government to the Supreme Court over the age issue, and now has repeatedly embarrassed the government over bribery claims and by leaking his letter to the PM.The Rajya Sabha on Wednesday witnessed an unusual political consensus, and concern about the leak of the detailed letter written by Gen Singh to the PM expressing concern about the Army's preparedness.While there are several parallels between 1998 and now, there is something else that stands out in case of Gen Singh. Defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday received overwhelming support from political parties for any possible action against the Army chief.Some Opposition members took care to tell the ruling front MPs on Wednesday that they wouldn't be doing what the Congress and Left did to them when Admiral Bhagwat was sacked. In 1999, when the BJP-led NDA government sacked Bhagwat, Congress and Left parties had opposed the sacking.The sacking of Bhagwat came about after weeks of stand-off between the two sides senior level postings, but soon spread to operational matters and even strategic outlook. The distrust grew by the day, and the Navy was deeply divided over the stand-off. The MoD had launched scathing and repeated attacks on Bhagwat, who retaliated in his inimitable way. However, the government soon ran out of patience, and sacked the Admiral, and made history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447225", "title": "Calcutta HC grants bail to 2 AMRI directors", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Wednesday granted bail to AMRI directors RS Goenka and Prashant Goenka, saying documents placed before it showed the board of directors wasn't responsible for the hospital's day-to-day affairs. The duo was in custody for 111 days since a fire at AMRI-Dhakuria claimed 91 lives on December 9.Significantly, the court also said it was a committee of management -which included only two of the nine directors arrested in the case, nonagenarian cardiologist Moni Chhetri and gynaecologist Pronab Dasgupta, and was headed by Chhetri himself - that was more responsible for running the hospital's daily administration. The committee, the court added, met once a week (every Saturday) while the board of directors met once every quarter.A division bench of justices Ashim Roy and Ashim Ray also noted that Chhetri, Dasgupta and senior vice-president Satyabrata Upadhyay, who was also part of this committee, had already been given bail and the state hadn't appealed against it. The judges said the trial will take some time as the chargesheet cites 455 witnesses and a large number of documents, and were reluctant to keep the directors confined till that time.The ruling is expected to have wide ramifications as hearings on the bail pleas of two other directors - Manish Goenka and Ravi Todi - resumed on Wednesday and will continue on Thursday. In all, 16 people - 12 directors and four employees - have been charged in the case of whom 13 were arrested and three, all of them directors, declared absconders.Apart from Chhetri and Dasgupta, the other AMRI director to have got bail before Wednesday is R S Agarwal. He was granted bail on February 17 by the high court. The Alipore court had granted bail to Chhetri, Dasgupta and Upadhyay. The state will move the Supreme Court against Agarwal's bail.Goenka and Agarwal are co-chairmen and co-founders of the Rs 3,000-crore Emami group. Along with the Shrachi group, they have a controlling stake in the AMRI Hospitals. The board of directors also has two government nominees - director of medical education and special secretary (health). The government nominees, though, didn't come in the ambit of the police probe and weren't charged. The hospital's licence, critical to investigations, was issued in Chhetri's name. Police have said all fire safety norms were flouted by the hospital, leading to the deaths.The police's January 30 chargesheet lists several key lapses by the hospital. The central airconditioners were not switched off even after the fire, allowing dense fumes to spread rapidly. Neither the fire alarm nor sprinklers worked.The basement, meant for a car park, had been illegally converted into an office-cum-storehouse. The fire started in a portion of the basement where the hospital stored cotton and bandages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12447979", "title": "Shantaram makes special status case for Goa in RS", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik, while participating in the budget debate in the Rajya Sabha, pleaded for the amendment of Article 371. The amendment will provide special provisions for Goa (commonly called special status) to empower the Goa legislature to enact a law to regulate land transactions in the state.Naik said that Russians, Israelis and other land mafia are coming to Goa with tonnes of money to buy village after village. Naik recalled that the Goa government made an attempt in this regard by amending the Land Registration Act but the bill was not assented to by the President of India in view of a Supreme Court decision which has categorized such a legislation as unconstitutional. \"Therefore, it is only an amendment to Article 371 which can make a law on the subject as constitutional,\" Naik said.He suggested that shipping companies, state governments and the central government should create a common fund for the purpose of providing appropriate pension to the families of seamen who suffer immensely for earning their livelihood living away from their families.Naik said that since coalition governments have become inevitable in this country, the Constitution of India needs to be amended to include a special chapter on the governance under coalition regimes which will lay down the responsibilities of coalition partners and other related issues.The Goa MP urged upon the finance minister to introduce a Direct Tax Code Bill and the Goods and Services Tax Bill at the earliest. Naik said that budgetary allocations can be meaningful only if quality of the projects being implemented is checked, delays are avoided and corrupt practices involved therein are curbed. He welcomed the commitment made by the finance minister to lay on the table of the House a white paper on black money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447944", "title": "Child population down in rural Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The provisional population figures up to the tehsil-level released by the directorate of census operations, Rajasthan, on Wednesday showed an overall decrease in the child population in the 0 to 6 years age group and a clear divide on the social issue between rural and urban areas.The child population of both the boys and the girls in rural areas has decreased between 2001 and 2011, while the same for both sexes in the urban areas has increased. The total child population for 0-6 years age group for the state has declined at the rate of -1.37, even as the male population increased at the rate of 0.01. The rural areas - generally associated with low literacy rates and rampant social evils like female foeticide -recorded a decline rate of -4.70 for girls and -1.67 for boys from 2001 to 2011.In urban areas, too, the growth in child population has hardly been encouraging. Against a growth rate of 6.91 for boys, the growth rate for girls in urban areas was recorded at 4.73.The tehsil-level provisional population figures and the final figures for house-listing and housing census were released by the census department of India's joint registrar Preeti Shreevastava.\"The earlier figures released in April 2011 were provisional figures up to the district level. We will be releasing the final population figures soon,\" Shreevastava told reporters at a press conference.Surprisingly, Jaisalmer tehsil has figured among the top performers with regard to improvement in the child sex ratio. The worst performers have been Dausa, Peeplu and Buhana tehsils. The absolute child sex ratio has been highest in Kotra (962), Jhadol (951) and Seemalwara (950) tehsils, while the lowest has been in Buhana (763), Behror (785) and Kotkasim (817) tehsils.\"Not a single tehsil has touched the figure of 1000 in girl child population in the 0 to 6 years age group,\" said deputy director H C Sharma. He added, \"A maximum number of tehsils (135) have recorded between 850 and 899 sex ratio for the 0 to 6 years age group.\"As per the provisional figures released on Wednesday, 63 tehsils in Rajasthan were completely rural. \"These 63 tehsils have no urban population and exist in Sriganganagar, Churu, Jhunjhunu, Sikar, Sirohi and Jhalawar districts,\" Sharma said.The decadal growth of rural population has been maximum in the western Rajasthan. Six districts have recorded negative urban growth in population at the tehsil level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452310", "title": "Sunny Deol gifts a Range Rover to dad", "text": "Sunny Deol is not just about his dhaai kilo ka haath. The actor sure has a rather unexpected softer side to him. Mumbai Mirror has found out that the rough and tough actor has recently gifted his father Dharmendra a brand new Range Rover.We learnt that Dharmendra was not too keen on having a new car bought for him. The older actor used to have a chauffeur driven Merc, which developed a technical snag. As a makeshift arrangement, Dharam paaji decided to use a not-so-snazzy SUV. And this angered his son Sunny. \"During the promotions of Yamla Pagla Deewana Dharmendraji was roaming around in the car. Sunny did not like it. He asked his father to buy a car several times,\" said a source.Tired of asking his father over and over again and unable to see his father in a less fancy vehicle, Sunny finally bought a new SUV himself. he just barged into the showroom one day and knowing his father's love for big SUVs, picked up a white Range Rover. Now here's an adarsh beta!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447919", "title": "Govt vs Army chief: Anger turns to fear in Congress camp", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congressmen are seething at the government's failure to cap the V K Singh saga, jittery that it would compound the party's mounting trust deficit.MPs from the ruling camp were livid at the latest fracas over the Army chief's letter on the country's defence's preparedness.In the aftermath of electoral drubbing in key states earlier this month, Congress could have done without the latest controversy. Though it is confident that Gen Singh would not find much acceptance among people in view of intrinsic fear over the Army's overreach, there is a worry that it would add to the perception of further drift in UPA.The Congress mood has undergone perceptible change after the defeats in Punjab and Uttarakhand that it expected to win. While indifference to price rise and Anna Hazare is passe, unlike the earlier phase when Congress was on a winning spree, there is an apprehension that the situation could get worse. The mishandling of Army chief's issue is said to deepen the charge of mal-governance, which, if added to inflation and corruption, can raise a potent campaign against Congress.The signs don't augur well amid fears of early polls. It is strongly felt that ally trouble and SP can force elections ahead of 2014 which may not give the party enough time to recover. The demoralization in its ranks is such that an overwhelming chunk of Congress contingent from UP is hoping for an alliance with Mulayam Singh Yadav , a crutch that could help it win seats and also help in forming the next government.\"The message going out in remote corners is extremely negative. If government was doing well on other fronts like prices, development, jobs and infrastructure, the Army chief row would have been just a blip. But in UPA-2, it is bad all over that magnifies every failure,\" an MP said.The gloom in Congress showed as Singh saga stalled Parliament again on Wednesday, with livid MPs storming out in anger. \"Nothing is happening, everybody is watching. And we cannot even blame the opposition,\" said a disgusted member from Rajasthan.The exasperation showed in the anger against government leadership, PM as well as General Singh, with no dearth of MPs seeking radical measures. In an unusual development, a bunch of party MPs accosted defence minister A K Antony in the Lok Sabha lobby and asked him to sack Gen Singh.While being concerned, party leaders flagged the urgency to communicate with people. \"TV is taking our adversary's view to every corner. But there is no defence from the party,\" said a leader.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi refused to comment on the issue. The gag in AICC on speaking substantively on the row has Congressmen underline that \"failure to put our point of view across would hurt us badly\". The absence of ministerial panel on media in defending the government as it took the flak on 24x7 TV also worried the members. \"The party or government should speak its defence?\" asked an MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448143", "title": "Terrific end to Teqnix", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With cameras flashing everywhere - and energy and excitement peaking - the two-day technical festival, 'Teqnix 2012' at LD Engineering came to a close on Wednesday. The festival hosted 51 different events in which students from Nirma, Ahmedabad Institute of Technology, Kalol Institute of Technology and other government and private engineering colleges from all over the state came to witness and participate in various workshops and events.The campus was abuzz with activity, as students participated and cheered for their friends who were participating in the preliminary and final rounds of various events like FIFA , Robocop, and Aeroglider. Workshops like 'Autonomous Robotics', 'Model Engineering' and 'Be A Rocket Scientist' were held, at which students were taught how to create robots and rockets. Also a 'Cloud Computing' workshop was held to teach students about computer engineering.\"Around 100 students registered for the event called 'Plant Green. Keep It Clean',\" said G H Ban, professor of the environment engineering department and co-ordinator of the event. \"They were provided with plants and they had to identify the best area and plant them.\" Students from several schools also participated in the games and other activities; winners were given stationery kits.This year, a new online event was organized called 'Void Man ()', in which students from such institutions as IITs and NITs, participated. The top fifty winners of this event were then invited to the campus to participate in and witness the happenings of this festival.The participants enjoyed playing 'Live CS' and 'Virtual Boxing' and other virtual games. A healthy debate through the event 'Youth Assembly' on social and political issues added to the competitive spirit and made students think about various problems faced by society. The festival ended leaving the participants as well as the organizers tired but satisfied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448422", "title": "13362 per capita income in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday said in the legislative assembly that Bihar needed special status to rise fast on the ladder of development. \"Otherwise, the state would not be able to match developed states even in 25 years,\" he said.Deputy CM said the 2011-12 per capita income in Bihar was Rs 13,362, which was one third of national average of Rs 35,993 and one fifth of Rs 62,729 in Maharashtra.Modi said that per capita power consumption in Bihar was 85.86Kw. He said that the Centre should ensure that the state received Rs 33,126 crore as its share in Central taxes during 2012-13.Replying to the debate on Bihar Appropriation Bill 2, Modi said Bihar has been a victim of Centre's step-motherly treatment since 1951.Leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui supported state's demand for special status, but expressed concern over the government spending most of the 2011-12 budgetary allocation at the fag end of the financial year, paving way for March loot.Modi said there was no chance of any March loot as the treasury would be closed by 6pm whereas in the previous regime it remained opened till midnight for the March loot. Modi said 50 per cent of the plan outlay was spent by the end of third quarter of 2011-12 financial year.The assembly passed the Bihar Appropriation Bill of Rs 79,055.59 crore for budget expenditure in financial year 2012-13. This includes Rs 2,293.84 crore on the schemes giving 100% benefit to women and girls and Rs 5,541 crore on the schemes in which 30% would be spent for the benefit of women. This gender budget has been provided for 16 government departments whose gender budget accounts for 22.65% of the total budgetary provisions for 2012-13 and 2.97% of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP), Modi said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455373", "title": "Sky expresses his love to Pooja with roses!", "text": "'A rose a day' seems to be the mantra that Sky a.k.a. Akashdeep Saigal is following to woo Pooja Bedi .Sky and Pooja have been seen escorting each other at various social dos. Although they haven't announced anything officially yet, we learn that Sky sends a rose to Pooja every single day to express his love.However, Sky jokingly said that the roses are to no avail and that he hasn't yet succeeded in winning Pooja over. Well, if their behaviour at a recent Holi bash that they attended is anything to go by, then love surely seems to be in the air. Pooja and Sky were too intimate and their act of intimacy became quite the talk of the town.Pooja and Sky first met on the sets of Jhalak Dhikla Jaa, and their Bigg Boss stint only brought them closer. The two are being regarded as an item now. We wonder what's next for this couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448662", "title": "Local water sources to get priority: Planning Commission member", "text": "PUNE: The 12th Five Year Plan will give priority to local water sources, regulating groundwater use, suggesting structural investment while planning major projects and recycling as well as curbing discharge of untreated water in water bodies, said planning commission member Mihir Shah.He was speaking during the two-day national workshop on 'Overview and visioning of forum's work in the context of changing water sector discourse' organised by the Forum for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India and Society for Promoting Participative Ecosystem Management.The chairperson and members of some of the working groups of the 12th Five Year Plan have put forward their recommendations on various issues related to the water sector, Shah said. \"The 12th Five Year Plan is in its draft stage. It will be released by April and would be approved by July.''He said the working group has laid stress on rural drinking water and sanitation issues. \"We will integrate rural drinking water and sanitation. The Union budget 2012-13 has allocated Rs 14,000 crore for rural drinking water supply and sanitation, compared to Rs 10,000 crore last year. We are also working on construction of toilet and bathing facilities in rural areas.\"Speaking about groundwater use in rural and urban areas, Shah said the working group had recommended aquifer mapping to be taken up on the national level that will lead to comprehensive groundwater management plan. \"The effort will need large-scale participation from various organisations in the country.\"A Vaidyanathan, chairperson of the working group on water database development and management, said there is no comparable data and deficiencies related to groundwater data. The information available at the Central Water Commission is based on a model and not on ground realities.Tushaar Shah, member of the working group on major and medium irrigation and command area development, said there is need to be focus on management of irrigation systems, rather than sanctioning new projects. \"Mindless development of new projects should be stopped and such plans should not be given the go-ahead till the backlog is cleared.\"On flood management, Nirmal Sengupta, under whose chairmanship the working group of flood management and region-specific issues was constituted, said that measures of flood management should emphasise on modernisation of flood forecasting network and its extension to other areas and reservoirs. \"Automatic reservoir release information system, construction of reservoirs and diversion of flood water to water scarce areas, basin-wise integrated flood management approach, adoption of remote sensing-based state-of-the-art technologies in all spheres of flood management and use of new construction materials are some of our recommendations.\"Himanshu Thakkar, who is a member of the urban and industrial water supply and sanitation working group, said that public-private partnership projects should not be pushed blindly and should be better scrutinised.K Joy, coordinator of Forum for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India, said the recommendations of the chairpersons and members of the working groups working on nine themes have been forwarded to the planning commission. These recommendations will help to come up with a chapter on water in the document of the 12th Five Year Plan. The important themes are draft national water framework act, model bill for the protection conservation, management and regulation of groundwater and model bill for the Water Regulatory System Act, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448879", "title": "SGSITS to run MBA course from this year", "text": "INDORE: The state's premier government-run engineering college Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS) will start two-year management courses from this academic year.The institute aims to start specialized course in three streams including marketing, finance and computation intelligence. The college authorities have attended a meeting with higher officials in department technical education to finalize the structure of the course.Prof MPS Chawla, Public Relation Officer and Head biomedical engineering department at the institute told ToI that we are expecting to start MBA programme from July this year. \"Recently a meeting was held in which the course structure and program was discussed. Committee has submitted its report and we are waiting for the final outcome,\" said Chawla.Initially the MBA program at SGSITS will have an intake capacity of 60 students per year under the self-financing scheme. Under such schemes government do not provide any financial support hence its fee is likely to be higher than that of a regular course. \"Right now, nothing has been finalized about the fee structure. The decision has to come from higher authorities,\" said Chawla. Elaborating further about the need for management course in engineering college he said that a lot of engineers pursue management degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12449357", "title": "MKU convocation held without vice-chancellor", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the students and faculties in Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) were sore over the prolonged vacancy for the post of vice-chancellor over the past several months, the 45{+t}{+h} convocation went ahead sans the VC.Faculty members alleged that ever since the establishment of the varsity four decades back, a convocation ceremony was not held without a vice-chancellor. The varsity has been headless for almost a year since the tenure of Karpaga Kumaravel, the previous vice-chancellor ended in April 2011. Several other key posts including that of the registrar are also vacant, the faculties contend.While the state government is in the process of zeroing in on the next vice-chancellor for MKU, as well as few other universities that are headless, the absence of a helmsman had even prompted the chief guest of the convocation to suggest ways to end the delay in appointing the vice-chancellor.G Padmanaban, distinguished professor and scientist from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore (IISc) suggested to governor and chancellor of the university K Rosaiah, who was present on the dais, to look out for a new vice-chancellor even before the tenure of sitting VCs are over. He said that it was method followed in Central institutions.\"The search for the next director starts at IISc before one year from the present director's tenure ends and the new director will be appointed three months before the former leaves his post. Let's hope that MKU will get a vibrant VC shortly,\" Padmanaban said.The absence of a vice-chancellor in the university has been represented to the government by various teacher associations like Tamil Nadu Federation of Universities' Faculty Associations (TANFUFA). \"During the 20 years of my tenure in MKU, this is the first time that the convocation being held without a VC,\" said S Krishnaswamy, convener of TANFUFA.\"We have been demanding the appointment of a vice-chancellor. MKU handles several crores of rupees and receives funds from the government. There should be a proper head to streamline academic and administrative activities,\" said a PhD scholar.S Sivasubramanian, former vice-chancellor of Bharathiar University and an ex-faculty in MKU from 1972 to 2002 also said that no convocation took place without the presence of a vice-chancellor in MKU. \"Last five years or so, we have seen vice-chancellors appointed based on party affiliation or dubious means. While expediting appointments of VCs, the government should also ensure that they are selfless and are of great calibre,\" he said.M Rajiakodi, registrar (in-charge) of MKU said that the selection panel has shortlisted candidates for the post. \"The selection work is in the final phase. We will have a vice-chancellor in a short period of time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447969", "title": "185 bullets found in IGI Airport dustbin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed at Indira Gandhi International airport on Tuesday evening as the police recovered 185 bullets from a dustbin at terminal 1D, police said on Wednesday.The bullets are of caliber 0.22 bore, which are used in revolvers, and were discovered by a cleaner at around 7.30pm. The bullets were wrapped in an old brown cloth and dumped inside a dustbin at gate number 5, police said. DCP IGI RA Sanjeev confirmed the incident and said that a case under the Arms Act had been registered. He added that investigations had begun and cops were analyzing CCTV footage to ascertain further details.Police officials said that prima facie it appeared as if a passenger was forced to dispose of the bullets due to the heavy security apparatus at the airport. Security at the airport was stepped up after the incident. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12447956", "title": "Patient dies after ambulance stuck in toll plaza traffic", "text": "ALWAR: An hour-long traffic jam at a toll plaza in Shahjahanpur village in Alwar district resulted in the death of a 38-year-old man, who was being taken to a hospital in Jaipur following a heart attack. While the man died in the ambulance itself, the villagers accompanying him created a ruckus, forcing the authorities of the toll plaza to announce an ex gratia of Rs 7 lakh to his family.Jeetendra Vijayvargiya, a resident of Shahjahanpur village on Jaipur-Delhi highway, complained of a severe chest pain at 4.30 am on Wednesday. Since he lives in a joint family, his father immediately took him to a private clinic in the town. The clinic, considering his serious condition, referred him to Sawai Man Singh hospital, Jaipur. An ambulance carrying him soon left for Jaipur, according to the police.However, the ambulance soon got stuck at a toll plaza run by Pink City Expressway Private Limited. \"One of the gates at the toll plaza gives freeway for VVIPs and medical emergency cases but was blocked due to some maintenance of the road. The driver of the ambulance asked the toll plaza authorities to clear the way for him. But nearly half-an-hour was wasted in arguments and counter arguments. Finally, at 5.30 am, Vijayvargiya died,\" said a villager from Shahjahanpur.Soon after, the villagers rushed to the spot and picked up a fight with the toll plaza employees. Some persons also thrashed employees, according to the police.Later, the villagers demanded an ex gratia for the alleged laxity and negligence of the employees. Local BJP leader Dharampal Chaudhary also reached the spot. Finally, the general manager of the toll plaza, Colonel U K Rai announced an ex gratia of Rs 7 lakh to the family of the deceased. Chaudhary also announced a compensation of Rs 51,000, police said.Jeetendra is survived by two daughters, a family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ariyalur", "code": "12449368", "title": "DMDK member in land grab row", "text": "ARIYALUR: Despite action being taken by the state government on several land grabbing incidents, the number of such crimes is yet to come down. In the latest incident, complaints against Desiya Murpoku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) party secretary of Ariyalur district, which had fallen on deaf ears, have now been taken up with the Trichy deputy inspector general of police (DIG), A Amalraj.One T Maharajan of Ottakovil village in Ariyalur district and his sister submitted a complaint to the DIG on Wednesday accusing Rama Jeyavel, district secretary of the DMDK and few others for grabbing 3.66 acres of land at Thamaraikulam in Ariyalur from the complainant on August 24, 2006.In his complaint, Maharajan stated that he got the land registered in his name from his maternal grandmother R Chellammal of Thamaraikulam on May 25, 2006 in return for his support and care rendered to her since the death of her husband Ramachandran. Frustrated by the settlement, Chellamal's daughter-in-law Amarajothi and her (Amarajothi's) daughter Pushpa of Aathikudikkadu, who also happened to be the wife of Jeyavel, conspired to usurp the property from Maharajan.Three months later on August 14, 2006, Jeyavel, Selvaganesan, Kannadasan (brother of former MLA of the Congress party), Amaramoorthy, V Subramanian (former vice-chairman of the municipality) and Rayampuram C Rajendran allegedly intimidated Maharajan at knife-point to sign the stamp paper and to sell the land to one of the cement factories situated there. Fearing repercussions, Maharajan and his family members signed the document.In his complaint, Maharajan stated that Jeyavel and others also refused to give the total cost of the land Rs 9,58,920 and instead gave him only Rs 2 lakh. The present market value of the land may touch Rs 1 crore.In this connection, he had already lodged a complaint with the Perambalur district crime branch which set aside it citing their political influence. So, he made the appeal to the DIG to retrieve the land.Reacting to the complaint, Jeyavel told TOI, \"The property should be enjoyed by my mother-in-law Amarajothi. Realising her mistake, Chellammal had cancelled the settlement deed to Maharajan. A case was also pending in the court in this regard. Since he had obtained the land title in his name, he tried to usurp the land from us.\"DIG A Amalraj told TOI that the incident took place in 2006 according to the complainant. So, an investigation has to be conducted to ascertain the facts. Only then, they would decide to register the case against the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12447753", "title": "Police arrest one in recruitment racket in Margao", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch produced Peter D'Costa, a resident of Maina-Curtorim, before the Margao Judicial Magistrate First Class ( JMFC) court on Wednesday. D'Costa was arrested on Tuesday in connection with a fake overseas recruitment racket.The investigation officer and crime branch PI, Neenad Deaulkar, said D'Costa used to work as an agent for Global 3 International, had an office in Margao and was involved in recruiting personnel to work in Afghanistan.\"We arrested D'Costa in Margao and he is in police custody for five days,\" Deaulkar added.The complaint was filed by Goa Citizen Welfare Trust's Michael Fernandes on behalf of 123 \"victims\". The police said that the accused had promised the victims suitable jobs in Afghanistan , out of which the first batch of 28 recruits paid 9,000 and completed their medical examination.D'Costa also asked them to pay the remaining 25,800 towards their tickets before they could leave for Afghanistan, the police added.The accused had stamped a 14-days transit visa on the passports of the victims, but a delay in the departure created a doubt in the minds of the victims which lead them to file the police complaint against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448304", "title": "Congress MP ignores party 'whip', seeks V K Singh's ouster", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP Harshvardhan asked the Centre to sack Army chief Gen V K Singh, saying public knowledge of country's defence unpreparedness would help nations hostile to India. He even accused the Army chief of preparing for a post-retirement innings (read politics) by misusing his office.The MP sent a letter to defence minister A K Antony after Gen Singh's leaked letter to the PM rattled the establishment and brought Parliament to a halt on Wednesday. It was quiet a bombshell as the Centre was still recovering from the row triggered by his claim that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by a colleague to draft in sub-standard trucks in the force.A livid Harshvardhan, a member of Parliament's consultative committee on defence, said, \"In the interest of the country and the army, I urge you to sack this loudmouthed General in the belief that you would dismiss this motor-mouth Army chief without delay.\"The stinging letter broke ranks from a cautious Congress that steered clear of the raging row amid indications there was a party directive to the spokespersons. There was palpable unrest in Congress on how could Congress be quiet on an issue that showed its government as helpless and lacking statecraft.Harshvardhan, instead, spoke his mind, in what appeared driven by the concern that the development would bring political costs for the ruling party. It is no coincidence that he was among a handful who wrote critically against Singh's claims on his date of birth, diverging from fellow members who represented to the PM in favour of the Army chief.The UP Congressman cited continuing row involving the army chief - like date of birth row and bribe offer - to impute, albeit implicitly, post-retirement political ambitions to his action. \"... it shows that army chief is misusing his position to prepare for a second inning after retirement,\" the letter said.With Singh's warning to the PM landing in public domain on Wednesday even as foreign heads of government are in the national Capital to attend the BRICS summit, the MP alleged that the Army chief's actions were demoralizing the forces and maligning government's image in people's eyes. \"Sacking Singh would be in national interest,\" he said.While asserting that defence forces, in any given situation, have enough ammunition to deal with an emergency, the Maharajganj MP said Singh's recent actions had sent a negative message about the high office he holds.\"He earlier said that he accepted 1950 as his date of birth under duress and showed that head of Indian army could come under pressure. It is country's misfortune that it has an army chief who yields to pressure,\" he said.Harshvardhan did not take kindly to Singh's bribe claim. \"Despite your instructions, he did not order inquiry for two years and then making public comments about the bribe offer shows that he is misusing his position to prepare for a post-retirement innings,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448854", "title": "JNNURM projects miss deadline in Indore", "text": "INDORE: With hardly three days left for the March 31, 2012 deadline on Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme, Indore is yet to complete its 11 out of the 14 projects sanctioned under the scheme. Poor performance of local bodies- Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and Indore Development Authority (IDA) has drawn flak from both Union and state governments in this regard.As many as 10 IMC and 4 IDA projects were approved under the JNNURM for a total cost of Rs 1031.18 crore. Out of 10 projects, the IMC managed to complete only two-- Yeshwant Sagar Dam and Feeder Road projects. Two of its projects River Side Corridor and Slum Redevelopment and Rehabilation project did not even take off. IDA managed to complete only one project and gave up on MR 9 project before its completion. Two of its projects are under progress.\"Some of the projects have been delayed and we cannot meet the deadline. But as per the norms of JNNURM, we will continue to get funds for the on-going projects even after expiry of the current JNNURM scheme dates,\" said municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma, adding that the pending projects are expected to be completed in coming months.Solid waste management and Pipliyahana Link Road projects are on the verge of completion.Officials claim that the projects were delayed mainly due to financial crunch and encroachment of lands.Civic body has not yet received even the first installment of funds for River Side Corridor project. Third installment for BRTS, Pipliyahana Link Road and Sewerage project was received on March 25. Solid waste management project received the third installment in November 2009. Since then, no fund has been released for the project.\"The delay in cash-flow affects the projects and increases their cost, putting an additional burden on the already cash-starved local bodies,\" said an official wishing anonymity. JNNURM has financially crippled the local bodies. Today all the local bodies are under huge debt mainly because of these schemes, he added.Elaborating further, he said the sanctioned amount for Yeshwant Sagar Dam project was Rs 23.75 crore while the civic body had to spend around Rs 30 crore. Similarly, sanctioned cost of Sewerage project was Rs 307 crores while total cost came around Rs 403 crore. The sanctioned cost for Feeder Road project was Rs 43.83 crore and the civic body spent Rs 50 crore on it. The cost of Juni-Indore ROB went up by three times as against the approved cost of Rs 6.31 crore. IMC has spent Rs 18.17 crores on it.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe, who has lodged protest with the Union Government over escalation cost of JNNURM projects, said there is a huge difference between sanctioned cost and tender cost.\"We have been demanding from the Union Government to share the cost difference, but it pays no heed,\" said the Mayor adding that the local body does not have sufficient resources to meet the expenses.Interestingly, Union government had also deducted money from the third installment of the six-year project for the city.Union minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy, on Wednesday, said in the Parliament that the ministry had received reports alleging misuse of the JNNURM fund from several states including Madhya Pradesh.Earlier, the steering committee of the state government for the JNNURM projects had also expressed its unhappiness over the slow pace of works in the city. Indore is one the poor performers among four JNNURM cities in state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448080", "title": "HC to take a call on PCO for disabled kin", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court will decide whether an able-bodied legal heir of a handicapped person can get a telephone booth transferred in his name.Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More were hearing a petition filed by Jayaben Gala, widow of a physically challenged man. Jayaben's late husband, Mulchand Gala, was given a HPCO (handicapped public call office) at Lokhandwala Complex, in Andheri, by the BMC through an NGO.According to her plea, after his death in 2006, Jayaben Gala continued to operate the booth. However, in 2011, its possession was handed over to another handicapped person by the NGO. Her advocate Dipesh Siroya argued that Gala was forcibly dispossessed. He said being unaware of the formalities, she did not apply for transfer of the booth in her name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448532", "title": "Building bridges of laughter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Laughter with brains is the motto of the Comedy Club initiated by star humorists from a cross-section of disciplines at the Panjab University. In the first of its kind initiative, these comedy champions make people burst into rib-tickling laughter with scripts that carry a social message.Not missing out on a single cultural event on campus and in the region, these students come from departments including School of Communication Studies (SCS), History and Gandhian Studies and have been wining awards for their incredible performance on stage.\"Our aim is to make the audience burst into laughter yet at the end think hard on a social issue that really touches a cord in their heart. We pick issues very close to reality,\" said Mohd Riasat Riyan, a student of SCS, who is the club member.From highlighting the issues like brain drain, with budding doctors and engineers in the country still aspiring to go to US or Canada , to blending their scripts with patriotic fervor; these students have been doing all.\"We recently did a hilarious skit on youngsters getting entrapped into drug addiction and indulging in money laundering,\" said a student Sukhwinder Pal Sukhi.With several team members, having won awards at zonal and inter-zonal youth festival level and others having a knack for stand up comedy, the club is at an infant stage, claim its creators.\"We will be expanding our horizon and include students from other departments and even colleges. A joint effort can create a stress-free atmosphere for youngsters and at the same time, harness skills among young people who wish to perform on stage,\" said Priyavarth Sharma, a student of the Gandhian studies department.Accompanied by Gurpreet Singh and Mukesh Ahlkan, from School of Communication Studies, Riyan and his fellow comedians have been touching societal issues including dowry practice and invoking youth to lead by example.\"If the youngsters get inspired not to accept dowry through our performances, our work is done. We wish to revive the patriotic feeling and highlight the contribution of Bhagat Singh, Sukdhdev and Rajguru,\" said Riyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449652", "title": "Murder in Delhi spa after row over charges", "text": "NEW Delhi: A travel consultant has been arrested for killing a 28-year-old girl in Rajendra Nagar. Her body was recovered from the basement of an ayurveda massage parlour five days after the murder . The accused, Shyno Varghese, had gone to the parlour on March 9. The victim, who ran the parlour, had demanded Rs 2,000 for the services , but Varghese refused to pay more than Rs 500. When she threatened him, the man strangled her and fled.Varghese is a resident of Inder Villa, Sector 41 in Gurgaon . \"He has been arrested for murdering Swapna alias Rekha Joy at her clinic on March 9,\" said D C Srivastava, additional commissioner of police (central district). On March 14, Amit Madnani who owns a shop nearby stumbled upon the body in the basement. He informed the police.\"Madnani said she had rented the basement to run the massage parlour on the very day she was murdered,\" police said. Police said she used to carry two mobile phones. Since one of them was missing from the spot, they took the number of the missing mobile from the owner of the basement and put it on technical surveillance.It was revealed that the victim used to visit Kilokri village. The locals, who were shown her photographs, identified her as Rekha Joy, wife of Pankaj Bhatt, a resident of Sunlight Colony II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12448060", "title": "In Siolim, restructuring of a pre-1961 bridge begins", "text": "MAPUSA: The PWD has begun the work of reconstructing the bridge at Siolim in front of the St Anthony's church. The parish priest of St Anthony's church Fr Britto Furtado offered prayers and blessed the commencement of the work. The bridge will be 8 metres wide.The narrow bridge was causing heavy traffic congestion and bottlenecks that hampered the smooth flow of traffic at Siolim, especially during peak hours. This road also witnesses heavy traffic because of the connectivity to coastal villages like Baga, Anjuna and Calangute.The work is being executed by the PWD (roads division). PWD officials said that the bridge would be widened by another 4m (the present is 4 m) making it 8 m wide so as to enable smooth flow of traffic.Local MLA and water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar, Siolim-Marna sarpanch Savita Govekar, PWD executive engineer Umesh Kulkarni and others were present.Construction of the new bridge here was a long pending demand as the villagers said that the small bridge was built during the Portuguese time and was in a bad state.The work was delayed because of the necessary approvals from the authorities for the closure of the bridge. The authorities informed that arrangements would be made for vehicular traffic through alternate roads till the bridge is rebuilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12449361", "title": "TANGEDCO to pay 5 lakh to family of electrocuted man", "text": "MADURAI: Holding that the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) officials were responsible for the electrocution of a man due to negligence of service, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday ordered the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to pay Rs 5.4 lakh as compensation to the boy's father.Rejecting a contention by TANGEDCO officials that the accident was an act of God and that the board is not liable to pay compensation, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The materials available on record clearly indicates that the electricity line snapped on account of heavy rain. The board cannot avoid responsibility on the ground that it was a sudden rain and they never expected that the line would be snapped. Since it was made out that the death was due to electrocution, necessarily, the board should compensate the legal representatives.\"Originally, the petition was filed by Ariyasamy, a resident of Sivaganga, seeking to order compensation for the loss of his 28-year-old son due to electrocution when he touched a live wire that got snapped and fell on the road side. According to Ariyasamy, his son Ramakrishnan, after completing his 10th standard, was engaged in scrap iron business. He was earning a sum of Rs 15,000 per month. He was the sole earning member of the family.On October 2, 2011, Ramakrishnan went to his business on his motorcycle. While he was returning to the house, the electric wire running across Grunathan Servai Street snapped and fell on the road. Ramakrishnan, unaware of the snapped wire, rode the motorcycle over the electric wire and suffered a shock. The locals immediately took him to the government hospital in Sivagangai where the doctors declared him brought dead.His father said that the death took place solely on account of the negligence of the officials of the electricity board. They took no effort to maintain the line in good condition, he had contended. According to the assistant engineer, there was heavy rain, wind and lighting on October 2, 2011 and as a result, the wire snapped. \"There was no negligence on the part of the board or its officials. The natural calamity alone was the reason for electrocution. Since the accident was an act of God, the board is not liable to pay compensation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449240", "title": "HC for quota in local body posts", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has suggested that the Tamil Nadu government bring a legislation reserving posts/offices of vice-chairmen or vice-presidents in local bodies to dalits and women.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice P P S Janarthana Raja came out with the suggestion, while passing orders on a writ petition filed by advocate M Palanimuthu. The advocate had sought a direction to the state government to reserve 33% of all vice-chairmen and vice-president posts in local bodies and municipalities, besides 22.5% reservation for dalits.In this regard, he pointed out that already such reservation had been provided for dalits and women as heads of various local bodies. He wanted the similar benefits to be extended to deputy chiefs of such civic bodies.The judges, conceding that reservation was an affirmative action designed to improve well being of under-represented communities, pointed out that the state had restricted such reservation to persons directly elected to posts in civic bodies, such as chairmen, presidents, members and councillors. The law has not extended the quota to vice-chairmen and vice-presidents.Noting that such direction cannot be issued by the court to the government in the absence of statutory provisions, the judges said: \"It is for the state to consider for inclusion of a provision extending the same reservation to the posts/offices of vice-chairmen and vice-presidents, identifying constitutes for Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and women candidates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448306", "title": "MANIT hostel students down with hepatitis A", "text": "BHOPAL: Over one and a half dozen hostel inmates of the MANIT have fallen sick with viral Hepatitis A after allegedly consuming contaminated water at over-crowded hostel number 4, according to MANIT Alumni for Social Initiatives (MANIT ASI). The institute management, however, has denied the charge.Over 20 hostel inmates are now being treated in private hospitals, MANIT ASI president Bupendra Gupta, vice president Rajan Warrior and general secretary Ajay Chauhan told TOI.\"We have visited students who are admitted in city hospitals,\" they said, pointing out hostel inmates fell ill after drinking water from an ill-managed dispenser of hostel No. 4. More than four dozen unwell students have left for their homes in other cities to get treated there, the three added.\"After students started falling ill, some of them had even put up a board near the filter that water is not safe,\" they said.When contacted, Institute's counsel of wardens' chairman Dr SPS Rajput said only four to five hostel inmates have tested positive for jaundice and a mountain was being made out of a mole. There is no outbreak of Hepatitis A. It is absolutely wrong information, he said.Three students undergoing treatment in Narmada Hospital were day scholars, who are suffering from some other ailments.However, Dr Rajput admitted that the hostels of MANIT have a capacity for 140-odd students, but they were accommodating around 320-340 persons. \"We have checked the hostel and found that everything is in order,\" he added.Dr Rajput said the institute had in fact put up notice near water outlets asking students to drink water only from the places provided by the institute. \"We are discouraging students to drink water outside given the summer. Maintenance of the water filter was carried out before the onset of summer,\" he added.They claimed over 20 students including -- Arvind Chada, Kuldeep Rathore, Indra Bhanu, Shivam Soni, Dipak Kumar, Dipak Gupta, Harvashvardhan Nigam, Amit Shukla, Khamdari, Taran Singh, Ayush Jain, Animesh Rai and Ashish Soni , suffering from Hepatitis A, are undergoing treatment in hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449922", "title": "Faridabad set to jump onto Metro bandwagon", "text": "GURGAON: After Gurgaon, Faridabad is all set to become the next city in the state to boast of having a Metro rail network. On Wednesday the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) started piling (laying of foundation for piers/pillars on which viaduct will be put up) work on the Badarpur-YMCA Chowk corridor. With this, the civil construction for the 13.875-km-long Metro corridor actually commenced. The first piling work started near Sector 28, Faidabad, on the Mathura Road national highway.\"The average height of the pillars on this corridor will be approximately 9 metres and over 500 piers (pillar) will be erected to make the viaduct for this corridor. On this corridor we will be using specially designed pre-cast U-shaped girders to complete the viaduct in about 20 months. This is for the first time in our history where a single span of approximately 27 metres in length and weighing about 160 tonnes will be used. These spans will be cast in advance at a casting yard near Sector 12 and once the piers are erected, they will be brought to the site on trailers mostly during night hours and installed in the fastest possible time to avoid any inconvenience to the traffic running along the alignment,\" said a spokesperson.This fully elevated corridor will have nine stations and is likely to be operational by 2014. This is an extension of the already operational 20.16-km-long Central Secretariat-Badarpur corridor of Line 6 which is further extended from Central Secretariat to Kashmere Gate covering 9.36km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12441732", "title": "John wants me to marry a half Mallu: Asin", "text": "John Abraham clicked with Asin so well on the sets of Housefull2 that he even advised her to get married to a half Mallu like himself...John Abraham and Asin have become good friends. No doubt their Malayali connection seems to have done the trick. After all, John's father is a Malayali.When we caught up with Asin, she told us, \"I tried speaking to John in Malayalam. He had no clue what I was saying. He, obviously, doesn't know the language. But said that I should get married to half Mallu!\"Asin and John worked together for the first time in Housefull 2. The duo bonded over Mallu food too. Speaking about it, Asin said, \"John and I have a strong Mallu bond. He is half Mallu. He used to ask me to get unni appams from home. We didn't get any chance to share much Mallu food though he actually wanted me to make some for him. Someday..\" she trailed off, laughing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449434", "title": "Accused face lawyers wrath", "text": "KANPUR: An angry group of lawyers on Wednesday manhandled the four accused who had killed a truck driver and cleaner after looting the truck when they were being produced before the court by the police.The police brought the four accused to the court to around 1.30 pm. Around six lawyers gathered there. As soon as the police reached outside the court of the chief metropolitan magistrate, they surrounded them. They manhandled the accused and slapped them. Police force present at the court managed to control the situation. However, district judge Kanpur Nagar OP Verma said the incident was not in his knowledge. He would take appropriate action if the matter was reported to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448540", "title": "Readers, RWAs scuttle news agents strike", "text": "KOCHI: Readers and residents welfare associations ( RWAs) across the state have joined hands with newspaper managements to ensure that the strike called by a section of distribution agents does not deny them the pleasure of holding a copy of their favourite morning newspaper.Newspaper managements have come together to set up paper kiosks at various locations so that readers can pick up their copies.Saji K Thomas, circulation head, Mathrubhoomi, said everyone in his organization, including the editorial staff, has come forward to sell newspapers from Wednesday.\"Many resident associations have come forward to help us. Not only Mathrubhoomi, but newspapers such as Malayala Manorama and The Times of India are being sold by us,\" he said.\"On Wednesday noted Malayalam critic M K Sanu, Kochi deputy mayor Bhadra B, GCDA chairman Venugopal and many other well-known citizens came together at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium in Kochi to sell dailies to people. he added. Thomas Ravi, GM, circulation, Malayala Manorama said all the major newspapers in the state had joined hands to deal the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448046", "title": "Price right for the milling crowd", "text": "PANAJI: The agriculture department's proposal of setting up a modern rice mill for dehusking is expected to bring much cheer to Goan farmers as it is likely to boost production of higher-yielding rice varieties in Goa.\"We have invited expressions of interest from agricultural co-operative societies to set an unit with a capacity of 5 metric tonnes per day,\" S S P Tendulkar, agriculture department director said.The rubberized mill will process both the coarse varieties of rice, especially Jaya, Jyoti, Annapurna and IR-8 and also the slender or fine grain ones, Karzat 3 and Triguna.At present, the traditional rice mills (hullers or crushers) in Goa process only parboiled red kernel rice varieties of Jaya and Jyoti. \"They employ a crude method of dehusking,\" H R Prabhudesai, agronomist, Indian council of agricultural research, ( ICAR), Old Goa.The lack of infrastructure for milling was a deterrent for farmers to grow higher-yielding rice varieties like Karazat 3, though they were introduce here about seven years back. Though they preferred growing red kernel varieties for their personal consumption, a few tried out the later additions.The yield from traditional varieties, Jyoti and Jaya is barely 2.5 to 3 tonnes per hectare, but improved varieties like Karzat can yield upto 5 tonnes per hectare. The Parrikar government has assured a support price of 17 per kg on paddy to farmers and Rs one crore for the mill in the 2012-13 budget.Goa has a total annual production of 120 lakh tonnes raw paddy. \"Out of this total, only 20,000 tonnes is white rice like Karzat,\" Tendulkar said. But the ICAT agronomist said unscientific drying of paddy on tarred roads may lead to more breakage of the grain due to brittleness.Tendulkar said the farmers will now have an assured market. Agreed Prabhudesai, \"If rice is organically grown and value addition is done after processing, like idli mix or vermicelli, and it is marketed as a Goa brand, it will fetch a premium price,\" Parabhudesai said.Chorao farmers are marketing korgutt variety of rice through a co-operative effort.Mechanization has revived paddy growing to a certain extent. Better milling facilities will help add impetus to it, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448294", "title": "Net kiosk onISM campusfor villagers", "text": "PATNA: International School of Management (ISM), Patna, under its 'Society connect initiative', inaugurated an Internet kiosk on Wednesday on the college campus located at Sarari, Danapur.Inaugurating the kiosk, AK Haldar, dean, ISM, Patna said, \"This kiosk would facilitate free Internet access to villagers who were devoid of the facility, thus empowering them with the benefits of Internet and computers.\"Speaking on the occasion, Samrendra Singh, chairman, ISM, Patna said, \"Villagers who are seeking information regarding crop varieties, current prices of their produce, weather forecast and other issues can visit the kiosk where the kiosk in-charge would help them in accessing information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12446840", "title": "Farsi's name missing, to approach HC", "text": "After the scrutiny, returning officer Pragnya Bade rejected the nomination papers of one of the blasts accused Salman Farsi. \"His name is missing from the voters' list. This is why his nomination paper has been rejected,\" she said.However, Farsi armed with a printout taken from the internet on March 19 said his name is in the list and he will be approaching Bombay high court.\"The voters' list uploaded on the internet by the municipal corporation shows my name. But the voters' list available with the returning officer shows my name missing. We are approaching the Bombay high court on Thursday for a solution,\" he said. Meanwhile, preliminary reports from four of the eight election offices show that of the 339 candidates whose papers were scrutinized, nominations of 11 candidates besides Farsi have been rejected due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448858", "title": "IMC attaches 39 plots for tax dues", "text": "INDORE: Toughening its stand against tax defaulters, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on Wednesday attached as many as 39 plots for non-payment of pending property tax dues. A week back the IMC had released a list of 110 plots with outstanding tax dues and issued notices on the property owners asking them to pay the dues before March 28 or else their properties would be auctioned.\"We have attached 39 plots with pending property tax dues and a board informing this has been put up on each plots,\" said Municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma adding that action has been taken after receiving no reply to the IMC notices from the respective plot owners.Each attached plot has an outstanding tax dues to the tune of around Rs 2 to Rs 3 lakh and put together, the pending dues amount will cross Rs 1 crore. The plots which have been attached are in scheme Nos. 45 and 59. The civic body had asked its officials to prepare a list of open plots (with no construction) with pending tax dues following which a list of 110 plots from zones 5,7 and 13 have been identified and notices were issued.Civic officials said that they failed to trace the owners of these 39 plots so a board has been installed on each plot reading that the plots has been attached by IMC and it will auctioned. This is for the first time in the recent past when IMC attached properties for non-payment of tax dues. Meanwhile, IMC is content with its revenue collection. \"Till now we have collected Rs 51.5 crore, which is more than the amount as compared to the corresponding period the previous year and three more days are left. We have not only increased our revenue collection but the number of tax payers has increased to 1.7 lakh from 1.4 lakh as well compared with the previous year,\" said Sharma adding that 30,000 new tax payers have been added to the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12448248", "title": "City man attacked in Chhattisgarh succumbs", "text": "RAJKOT: A man from Rajkot, who was attacked by a youth from Vadodara in Raipur, Chhattisgarh, a week ago, died here during treatment at Rajkot Civil Hospital on Tuesday night. Following this, police converted the case from assault to that of murder on Wednesday.According to Champaran police station officials from Raipur district who were here as part of investigation, deceased Kalpesh Joshi (40) was attacked with stick by accused Hemang Parekh.\"We arrested Parekh on Tuesday and today we've booked him under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code for murder after Joshi succumbed. In his statement, Parekh said he had attacked Joshi as he was into an extra-marital relationship with his sister, the charge Joshi's wife has denied. She has claimed that Joshi was attacked following a financial dispute with Parekh,\" an official from Champaran police station said.Joshi used to work as a librarian with Mahaprabhuji Haveli in Raipur, while Parekh had the contract to run the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448357", "title": "Forgery case against 4 for renting out govt houses", "text": "BHOPAL: TT Nagar police on Tuesday evening registered cases of forgery against four persons, including three government employees for renting out official accommodations in South TT Nagar area. The cases have been registered against the occupants as well.The inquiry was conducted after a surprise inspection by officials, police said. The government employees have been identified as Shailendra Shrivastava, Sunila Saran and Gayatri Shukla. The name of the fourth accused has yet to be confirmed. Those occupying houses have been identified as Ajay Nigam and Pankaj Dubey. The names of the other two have not been confirmed by the police.The officials said inspection would continue against the government servants misusing the government properties by renting them out after allotment. Though notices have been served in the past, an FIR was lodged when repeated warnings were overlooked, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449925", "title": "CCTVs installed at estate office II", "text": "GURGAON: Cracking the whip on touts, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar has installed eight CCTV cameras at the authority's offices to keep an eye on visitors. Soon after joining office last year, Kumar had announced the installation of CCTV cameras at various HUDA offices. The office of the Estate Officer II at Sector 56 had been the centre of controversies in the recent past. The differences between Kumar and Estate Officer II, Mukesh Solanki, had been the talk of the town recently.Asked about the hastening of the process of installing CCTV cameras at EO II office, Kumar said: \"There were specific complaints about middlemen frequently being spotted at EO II office, even carrying records and files of HUDA.\"The administrator claimed the cameras have been installed at various locations both outside and inside the EO II office premises, covering the reception and the corridor area. \"It will help keep an eye on people frequently visiting the HUDA office,\" said Kumar.The administrator has also installed three more CCTVs cameras at the office of the Estate Officer I in Sector 14. \"During an inspection, it was found that three CCTV cameras were not functioning. Now, all the whole office premises is properly covered,\" said Kumar.\"The entire CCTV footage can be accessed through internet and the footage is automatically stored date and time details,\" said Kumar. The installation of CCTV cameras will not only keep touts at bay but also discipline HUDA employees. \"It's good that the CCTV cameras have been put up at the EO II office, the employees now will not leave the office and have extended lunch hours,\" said Sanjay Gupta, a resident of Sector 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12452759", "title": "Indian-origin lawyer in Strauss-Kahn's defence team", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin lawyer is part of the defence team of embattled former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn who is fighting to have a civil lawsuit against him in a sexual assualt case dismissed.Amit Mehta, along with William Taylor and Hugh Campbell , is defending Strauss-Kahn in the civil lawsuit filed against him by hotel maid Nafissatou Diallo in a Bronx court here.Diallo has accused Strauss-Kahn, a one time French presidential hopeful, of raping her in his luxurious hotel suite last year.Mehta presented Strauss-Kahn's case before Bronx Supreme court judge Douglas McKeon arguing that the case be dismissed as his client enjoyed diplomatic immunity, akin to that extended to a UN Secretary General, in his capacity as head of a multilateral organisation.According the Mehta's bio published in the legal periodical National Law Journal, the 39-year-old is a partner at Washington law firm Zuckerman Spaeder.He had helped Strauss-Kahn defeat criminal charges in the sexual assault case in New York state court.The bespectacled lawyer was part of the defence team that won an acquittal for the former president of the Salt Lake City Olympic Bid Committee against federal charges of racketeering and fraud.He was also the primary brief writer for former Representative Tom Feeney in a case at the US Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in 2009.Mehta had a five-year stint as a staff attorney for the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia before rejoining Zuckerman in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12449113", "title": "Maoists make new demands for Italian's release", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With talks between the Orissa government and the Maoists via mediators yet to yield any result, the rebels sprang a surprise on Wednesday making new demands.The new demands included cancellation of all licences of liquor traders in scheduled areas, implementing a comprehensive excise policy adopted by the Central government in 1974 that banned commercial vending of intoxicants in tribal areas, and allowing preparation of traditional brews for personal consumption in such areas.\"The government has received additional demands from the mediators appointed by the Maoists for the release of Paolo, the Italian national. These are now being examined,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik told the assembly.\"The examination of these demands may take a day or more,\" Patnaik added, suggesting that the talks between the three government representatives and two CPI (Maoist)-named interlocutors for the Italian's kidnapping \"may be delayed for a brief period\".The rebels have also pressed the state government to lift ban on \"mass organizations\"; withdrawal of cases and freeing of 30 people, including hardcore Maoist Ashutosh Soren; expeditious disposal of cases against tribals of Kandhamal, Gajapati, Rayagada, Keonjhar, Sambalpur, Deogarh and Sambalpur districts jailed in the name of Maoists; action against officers held guilty by high court in the Lalit Dehuri, Pradip Majhi, Junesh Badaraita and Katru Huika custodial death and fake encounter cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454002", "title": "Sunil's advice for Isha Chawla", "text": "Perhaps one of the most inspiring and motivating example for self-discipline in terms of fitness is hero turned comedian Sunil. Given his weight of 100 plus kilos, Sunil has turned out to be a man with chiseled six pack abs and a physique that is making many envious in the film industry. So it is obvious that his health tips do matter.Now, it is heard that Sunil has given an advice to one heroine. She is the endearing smile beauty Isha Chawla. Apparently, both Sunil and Isha paired up for the film 'Poola Rangadu' and are now teaming up for one more project which is the remake of the Bollywood hit 'Tanu Weds Manu'.Sources say Sunil has advised Isha to cut down some flab and become more curvaceous and slim. Isha has a attractive face but her figure is yet to get those right curves which can be flaunted. Those who heard this say Sunil must give her some fitness tips and exercises which can burn the fat and get Isha the right kind of curves. Let us see what happens.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12453232", "title": "Chiranjeevi resigns from AP Assembly membership", "text": "HYDERABAD: Actor-turned-politician K Chiranjeevi today resigned from the membership of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly following his election to Rajya Sabha.Chiranjeevi, who was elected to the assembly from temple-town Tirupati in 2009, met Assembly Speaker Nadendla Manohar and handed overhis resignation. Chiranjeevi will take oath as Rajya Sabha member on April 3.With Chiranjeevi's resignation, the number of vacancies in the 294-member AP Assembly increases to 18. It may be recalled that the Speaker early this month disqualified 16 ruling Congress MLAs and accepted the resignation of one rebel Praja Rajyam Party MLA for violating their respective parties and voting against the government on the no-confidence motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448764", "title": "Woman run over by bus while crossing road", "text": "PUNE: A woman was killed after she was run over by a Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) bus in Shivajinagar on Tuesday night.The woman, Sulochana Dnyaneshwar Shelar (69) of Rege road, Model Colony, had just got off another PMPML bus and was crossing the road at the beginning of the flyover on Ganeshkhind road around 9.15 pm, when the accident occurred.Bus driver Prakash Bhaguji Kamble (52) of Khadki has been arrested. Inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police said, \"Kamble told the police that the woman got off another bus and was crossing the road. We suspect Shelar may have missed her stop and had got off the bus near the flyover.\"Assistant police inspector M P Sartape of the Shivajinagar police station is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448355", "title": "State award for slain MP cop", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar repents why he allowed IPS officer Narendra Kumar's cadre transfer from Bihar to Madhya Pradesh where he lost his life in fighting criminals.Narendra Kumar had done commendable job as ASP Purnia for which he was posthumously awarded at a function organized by the crime investigation department (CID) of Bihar police on Wednesday.\"Had I refused Narendra's request for cadre transfer, probably his life would have been saved,\" the chief ministerv said, adding that he would be cautious in attending such requests of IPS officers. \"I feel very sad when someone asks for cadre transfer,\" he added.The chief ministerv said the government would institute an award in Narendra's memory which would be given to the best probationer IPS officer every year. \"What would be method or quantum of award would be decided by the DGP but, I think, at least the awardee should be given a revolver as a memento,\" he said.Altogether 308 police personnel and 109 civilians, who helped police burst cases of heinous crime, were also honoured with citation and cash award on the occasion.THE CID used to organize such award function at Sonepur every year. But the CM directed the ADG (CID) A S Nimbran to organize it in the state capital, saying that such functions were important for police personnel and should be organized with much fanfare.Apart from the state police personnel, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans and officers were also awarded.CM also stressed on the need of organizing 'Police Day' for which he asked the State Director general Of Police (DGP )to decide the date.Nitish said a large number of constables and sub-inspectors were required before segregating law and order duties and investigation of cases, adding that the process should be expedited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448307", "title": "Guide for interaction with gas-hit likely by April", "text": "BHOPAL: Twenty-six years after it was conceived, a clinical practice guide for interaction of healthcare providers with gas victims seeking mental healthcare is likely to become a reality.An estimated one-fourth of all gas victims visiting hospital reportedly suffer from mental disorders. Indian Council for Medical Research ( ICMR) citing a need for a comprehensive, coordinated response for victims with mental disorders has formed a committee of doctors from the city to produce a manual.Speaking to TOI, committee head Professor R Srinivasa Murthy said, \"We are developing material that would deal with the problem faced by gas victims.\" The manual with demonstration films would target the existing medical practitioners, who would be trained to handle patient and family by counselling to prescribing recommended drugs.\"Community-level studies carried out within one month of the disaster to 10 years after the disaster report higher levels of physical and mental health morbidity,\" said Satinath Sarangi of Bhopal Group for Information and Action.Though psychological support to the affected population is available in some form in gas relief hospitals, the planned initiative would train about 2,000 doctors in the city. \"The focused training programmes would evolve a system of comprehensive community based health care for mental disorders,\" said Prof Murthy.The guide is based on the World Health Organisation's (WHO) intervention guide for mental, neurological and substance use disorders in non-specialized health settings.Implementation of the project is likely to commence from May while the intervention guide is likely to be completed by April. \"Stakeholder's meeting, needs assessment and identification of barriers are undergoing,\" said Murthy.Toxic gas from the Union carbide plant caused mental disorders 'on a fairly large scale' among the survivors which was ascertained in a study by the King George Medical College, Lucknow and the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) Bhopal in 1985, a year after the disaster.Studies conducted on 369 cases of mental disorders, with 72.3% of gas victims with mental disorders were women under the age of 45. More than 80% suffered from depression and anxiety neurosis. The studies, however, did not attempt to determine whether the disorders were a direct chemical reaction of the gas or mental trauma or both.The ten chapters are likely to provide valuable inputs from identify, cure and treatment of moderate-severe depression, psychosis, bipolar disorder , epilepsy or seizures, developmental disorders, behavioural disorders, dementia, alcohol use and alcohol use disorders, drug use and drug use disorders and self-harm or suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447581", "title": "Karwafa primary health centre staff ran away when approached by jawans", "text": "NAGPUR: The staffers at a government's primary health centre (PHC) refused to help the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans injured in the Naxal blast near Pustola village between Karwafa and Fulbodi Gatta in Dhanora tehsil on Tuesday.The injured jawans were stunned when they were refused treatment at the PHC at Karwafa village, around 11km from the blast site. When some of the jawans reached the place to get some preliminary treatment, the PHC employees, including paramedical staffers, left the clinic. The jawans were left flabbergasted on realizing that they would not get even first aid from the place.District collector Abhishek Krishna said the administration will look into the charges.\"They even refused first aid supplies. We are trained to a certain degree to apply first aid and could have helped each other if the doctors and nurses were disinterested ,\" said an injured jawan at Nagpur.\"We don't know whether it was the sight of injured jawans or the clinic having no medicines or the fear of Naxals prompted them to deny us treatment. We did not have any time to argue, with injuries all over our bodies and danger looming from all the sides,\" he said.The injured jawans had to rush back to Gadchiroli by road, some 38km away, to avail medical assistance.Injured CRPF constable Govind Maurya, one of the eight jawans at Wockhardt Hospital in Nagpur, recalled the horror. \"I had lost consciousness for a couple of minutes as the blast went off but regained my senses quickly,\" said Maurya. \"I could see some unidentified men rushing towards us. May be they wanted to loot our arms and weapons. I managed to pick up myself and started firing, which unnerved them. They retreated as soon as we fired at them,\" he said.Maurya not only picked up an injured colleague on his shoulder but also started gearing up for a counter attack. \"I cautioned my colleagues about more landmines while taking defensive positions,\" said Maurya, who has been in the Naxal-affected Chhattisgarh and Gadchiroli for three years.Maurya, father of three , has not even informed his family about his being injured. He said their group had just returned from an operation . \"In the jungle, we were forced to sustain only on dry fruits and snacks,\" he said.Dr Pravina Thawre, supervising treatment of some jawans at the hospital, said that the condition of constable Mahesh Chandra is critical. \"He has sustained multiple fractures, but the one in the ribs has created major problem. It has punctured one of the lungs, where there is accumulation of blood and air. Our team is trying the best to treat him,\" she said.The hospital authorities also said that the condition of constable Nayan Jyoti is serious as a part of his skull has got peeled off in the blast.Dr Rajesh Gade, head of customer care, said most jawans had sustained head injuries as they banged into the ceiling of the bus after it was thrown into the air by the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12448551", "title": "Gangrape case registered after 3 days", "text": "PANCHKULA: Three days after a 19-year-old woman of Sector 15 alleged rape by two unidentified persons, a case under Section 376-G (gangrape) was registered on Wednesday evening. Angry at the dilly-dallying attitude of the police, the woman had met assistant commissioner of police Dheeraj Setia, who ordered that a case be registered.Late on Sunday night, the woman had alleged that on the pretext of providing her a job, two men, one of whom was turbaned, took her to a hotel in Morni and violated her.\"The victim in her complaint has alleged that both the accused had met her husband in Sector 15 market and told him that they would get her a job and for it, she will have to accompany them for interview. Her husband then sent her to their place. ,\" said SHO of Sector 14, Aman Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447544", "title": "NU to put roster scam in management council's court", "text": "NAGPUR: After sitting over the inquiry report of roster scam for over a year, the Nagpur University administration has found another escape route to stay away from the controversy. Now, the NU administration, led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, has decided to place the justice GG Loney panel report before the management council during its next meeting, sources revealed.Registrar Mahesh Yenkie confirmed the development to TOI but denied spelling out the further details. The Loney panel had handed over its report to the VC on January 5 last year terming the tampering of job manuals, better known as roster, as a \"big conspiracy\". He had asked NU bosses to immediately lodge a police complaint. The panel had named former assistant registrar who confessed of tampering and also admitted it in writing.Sources alleged that NU bosses were severely pressurized by high-profile politicians including state and union ministers against taking action over the scam which rocked the NU three years back after TOI first exposed it on March 19, 2009. The newspaper ran a series exposing how NU bosses were sitting on the various reports confirming the big scam in job manuals.Three years down the line, NU administration failed to take any action despite four reports confirming the scam. Over 500 NU appointments including those of heads of various departments, deans, teachers and assistant registrars appointed after year 2004 may stand cancelled if roster was properly implemented. Sources questioned that when former VC SN Pathan took decision to constitute Loney panel, he hadn't consulted the management council, then what was the propriety of placing the report before the body now.In fact, when one of the legislators had raised a query in this regard during ongoing assembly session in Mumbai, NU had replied that action was under consideration. Similar queries were earlier raised by leader of opposition Pandurang Phundkar along with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and MLC Ashok Mankar demanding clarification from the government on the scam. MLA Vikas Kumbhare had raised the issue last year. But the reply from NU's side was same.After TOI expose, the first panel of general administration department (GAD) officer SG Kedare had reported that even the appointment of Yadav Kohchade, prime accused in NU's fake mark sheet and revaluation scam, was 'suspicious'. Even, former ex-principal secretary PS Meena, in his confidential report, had mentioned that the appointment of 12 NU teachers was completely illegal and passed strictures on the NU bosses. Sapkal then constituted another panel of deputy registrar with North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, RJ Valvi, but he also endorsed same action.Minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope had instructed the VC to initiate action against the accused in December last year. But VC's silence over the entire issue that has stalled all NU appointments clearly indicate that the accused are being protected under political pressure, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448901", "title": "Lokayukta nabs woman inspector for taking bribe", "text": "INDORE: In a trap laid by the Special Police Establishment (Lokayukta) on Wednesday a woman inspector in weights and measures department was caught accepting an amount of Rs 35,000 from a contractor as bribe. According to the SP (Lokayukta) Arun Mishra the woman inspector Dipkshika Nagle was caught accepting bribe from a local contractor Manoj Chauhan in lieu of clearing his pending bills in the department. The SP said that Nagle allegedly had demanded Rs 45,000, however, the 'deal' was settled for Rs 35,000.The contractor then informed about bribe demand to the Lokayukta police. \"The sleuths laid a trap and caught her accepting bribe red-handed in the office,\" said the SP. He said that chemicals were applied on the currency notes that change its colour with the fingerprints of the receiver. The inspector was arrested and was released on bail. Lokayukta will recommend for the suspension of the inspector to the state government on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449127", "title": "Man\u2019s bid to kidnap teen bride foiled", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old flower vendor was arrested on Wednesday on charges of trying to kidnap a minor girl with the intention of marrying her.Two volunteers of the Centre for Women Development and Research (CWDR), an NGO, and police rescued the girl when the vendor, Sivasamy, tried to kidnap her as she came out of a government school in Choolaimedu after writing her Class 12 examination.Later, the girl and Sivasamy were taken to the anti-dowry cell office at the Thousand Lights police station where assistant commissioner of police C Shyamala Devi interrogated Sivasamy. \"We found Sivasamy planned to kidnap the girl and marry her,\" Shyamala Devi said.Soon, the girl's mother Nagalakshmi, a flower vendor, and her son Raj Kumar rushed to the Thousand Lights police station. While Nagalakshmi expressed happiness at her daughter's rescue, Raj Kumar kept calling some friends to eliminate his sister for deciding leave with Sivasamy, police said.The case was forwarded to the Poonamallee police for inquiry.Police said Sivasamy was a friend of the girl's father Murali who died when she was 25 days old. Later, he became a mentor for the family and began an affair with Nagalakshmi, police said based on the initial investigations.Sivasamy, during his long association with the family, treated Nagalakshmi's son Raj Kumar and daughter like his own children at first. His attitude changed after the girl attained puberty, police said.He began insisting that Nagalakshmi get him married to her daughter and the woman, too, agreed. Raj Kumar, who initially opposed the marriage plan, agreed to get his sister married to Sivasamy after the latter promised to buy a motorbike for him, police said.CWDR director K R Renuka said she came to know about the situation through a teacher of the girl's school. \"We planned to rescue the girl and provide shelter for her at a home. However, the girl's movements tipped off her family members about her plans to leave home immediately after her annual examination. They arrived at the school with the vendor and were about to take her away when our volunteers arrived with police,\" Renuka said.The girl had scored 421 in her Class 10 examination and planned to study further. \"We plan to provide her with a job after training at an institute,\" Renuka aded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448133", "title": "Men mistaken for child abductors face mob fury", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Widespread fear over missing children in the city took an ugly turn on Wednesday when an innocent beggar was beaten to death by an irate mob after he was mistaken for a kidnapper. In a separate incident, residents of Shahpur not only beat up a drunken man for allegedly trying to kidnap a boy, they even resorted to rioting when the police refused to handover the accused to them for street justice.There was no apparent reason for the beggar on the streets of Teen Darwaja to be suspected of kidnapping except that a rumour started on Tuesday evening that he had tried to kidnap a child. The man was beaten up so badly that he fell unconscious on the road. It was only later that the cops came and took him to VS Hospital where he breathed his last on Wednesday morning. The police have registered a complaint against unknown people in the case.In the other case, mobs went on the rampage and attacked the cops when they refused to hand over a kidnapping suspect. In all, eight people were injured in the stone-throwing, including two constables. The police lobbed as many as 16 teargas shells to disperse the stone-pelting mob.It all started when Manish Rajput, a handcart-puller, living in Chunara Vaas of Shahpur, noticed that a stranger was talking to his nine-year-old son who was playing outside the house. Bystanders asked the boy if he knew the man. When the boy refused to recognize him, people started beating him for trying to kidnap the boy.The crowd brought the man to the police station, but before any action could be taken, word spread in Shahpur that a kidnapper had been caught. A large mob gathered at the police station and asked that the man be handed over to them. By this time, senior police officials also reached the police station, asking people not to get agitated. But within minutes, some men started throwing stones at the cops, leading to riot-like situation.As many as 16 teargas shells were used to disperse the mob. The situation was brought under control in about two hours. The cops have taken Rajput's complaint of an attempted kidnapping and arrested Balwant Thakore, 50, a Jamalpur resident. Top cop appealsPolice commissioner S K Saikia has appealed to the people not to take the law in their hands.He said on Wednesday that the police force was looking into cases of missing children in the city seriously and residents should leave the law to the police.Stay calm, say copsThe lynching of a beggar in Teen Darwaja over rumours of being a kidnapper has rattled the cops. They have appealed to the people to remain calm. There have been at least 19 cases in the last five days alone where people have beaten up people suspected of trying to kidnap children and handed them to the police. In Juhapura, people even set 40 shanties on fire after word spread that its residents were trying to kidnap children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12448906", "title": "Rio Tinto's exit from diamond business has Surat traders' fingers crossed", "text": "SURAT: As the London-based Rio Tinto group has started scouting for buyers to take over its diamond business including the biggest Argyle mine in Australia, diamantaires in Surat are hoping the buyer should not be a Chinese dragon.Reason: There is a surge in Chinese investment into Australia's resources sector and as China is emerging as the second biggest diamond cutting and polishing sector, India could lose control over the $1.5 billion worth of annual supply from the Argyle mine in the long term. Argyle exports about 85 per cent of its rough diamonds to Surat.If the latest figures from the Shanghai Diamond Exchange (SDE) and the Diamond Administration of China (DAC) are any indication, the diamond cutting and polishing in China has increased from a mere $600 million in 2007 to $2 billion in 2011. Also, the strength of skilled diamond workers has increased from 7,000 in 2007 to more than 60,000 in 2011.Rio Tinto mines the most diamonds, producing the majority at its Argyle mine in Western Australia, where 90 per cent of the world's pink and red diamonds are mined. At its prime, annual production at the mine reportedly fluctuated between 20 and 30 million carats, but in the past five years the production has tumbled from double to single digits, with fewer than nine million carats coming from the mine in 2010-2011.\"China is a biggest threat for us as far as the Rio's plan to sell off its diamond business in Australia and other countries like Canada and Zimbabwe is concerned. If a Chinese company takes over the Argyle mine, then it would control the rough supplies thereby affecting the market in Surat in the long term,\" said Ashit Mehta, chairman of Blue Star group.Mehta said that China has invested in the diamond mines in Zimbabwe and now it is eyeing Australia, Canada and other African countries. China wants to become the biggest rough diamond trading hub.According to a recent global study by Bain &amp; Company, commissioned by the Antwerp World Diamond Centre (AWDC), the rough diamond demand in carats is likely to grow by more than six per cent per year through 2020 because of an expanding middle class in the two Asian countries - India and China. Rough diamond prices rose 24 per cent last year after two consecutive annual gains of 32 per cent as producers struggled to keep pace with the consumption.India's annual rough diamond requirement is pegged at $10-$11 billion. In 2010-11, India imported $11 billion worth of rough stones.Aagam Sanghavi, director of Sanghavi Exports said, \"I think the buyer to whom Rio will sell its diamond assets would certainly put in efforts to increase the rough diamond production. If it is so, then Surat would gain as most of the Argyle production is exported to India. But the fear of Chinese investment will always be there for the diamantaires\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448216", "title": "3 friends held for killing Abhishek", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have secured three minors for the murder for 14-year-old Abhishek, who was found dead near Ittamadu on Wednesday morning. They said three of them were allegedly drunk when they killed the Class 8 boy. The motive is said to be a long-held grudge as they considered him to be a bully. Following an argument, they initially hit him on the head and then stabbed him repeatedly with a knife.Deputy commissioner of police (south) Sonia Narang said it was not a pre-meditated murder but triggered by an argument. Around 4pm Tuesday, the boys called him out for a swim and they were out for a long time. During this time, they had taken a bottle of alcohol they found with some other friends. They got cold drinks from a bakery nearby and left for Hanumagiri Hill. They drank near a church late evening before the argument broke out.Police did not release any information about the accused but merely said they were school dropouts and worked in some shops in the area. Police picked them up after some locals said they'd seen Abhishek with them on Tuesday evening.Sniffer dogs and forensic experts were rushed to the spot. Abhishek's brother Praveen also zeroed in on one of Abhishek's friend who was last seen with him. Police sources said sniffer dogs raced to the house of one of his friends which indicated his likely involvement. They were detained for questioning during which they confessed to the crime.The three children have been produced before the juvenile justice court and remanded to the juvenile home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447245", "title": "Pro-statehood cries choke House again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition members from the Telangana region continued to paralyze Assembly proceedings for the third consecutive day on Wednesday, forcing speaker Nadendla Manohar to rush through the statutory procedure of adopting demands for grants for all government departments.The House witnessed unruly scenes the moment it had assembled for the penultimate meeting of the budget session with TDP, TRS and two independent members rushing to the well holding placards and shouting slogans in support of the Telangana cause. While TDP insisted for a discussion on the Telangana suicides other political parties wanted a resolution to be passed in support of a separate state.The ruckus continued when the House reassembled at 11.20 am, forcing an adjournment within 10 minutes. Upon resumption after 40 minutes, the Speaker made an appeal to the people of the state to not give up their lives in the sway of emotions.Commiserating with the bereaved families on behalf of the Assembly, he said that these extreme steps being taken by the youths were causing anguish to not only their families but also to the society at large. \"It is a matter of grave concern that some youths are committing suicide in the state (over the Telangana issue). The solution to any complex issue can be achieved in an amicable manner through discussions and there are several options available in our parliamentary democratic system. Suicides are not a solution,\" the speaker said in his appeal.With normalcy eluding the House, the Speaker adjourned the proceedings for the day at 12.20 pm even as opposition members cried foul over the way the Assembly was being run. The much-anticipated short discussion on the issue of tainted ministers, scheduled for Wednesday, thus could not take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448470", "title": "CHB to launch file tracking system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your house was built by the Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), you will no longer have to run around authorities' offices for any sort of inquiry.CHB would launch a file tracking system for all its consumers in the next three to four months. Residents will be able to track all the information regarding their property with just a single click with this service.At present, the city has around 50,000 houses constructed by CHB. A large chunk of these residential properties comprise the flats situated in over 200 housing societies, mainly constructed in the southern part of the city.CHB secretary M M Sabharwal said, \"We are developing a software that will provide all financial and administrative information to the owners, relieving them from the trouble of coming to the CHB office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12452627", "title": "Muted celebrations in Punjab over stay on Rajoana hanging", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the Presidential stay on the hanging of Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict in the assassination case of former chief minister Beant Singh, the celebrations in Punjab were muted on Thursday as the government ensured that no 'victory' processions were taken out in the state.All the victory marches planned for Thursday were aborted by various Sikh organizations after Punjab police in a late night swoop had arrested over 20 leaders of radical organizations including Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar), Dal Khalsa, Panthic Sewa Lehara and SAD (Panch Pardhani).Punjab government has also imposed section 144 of CrPc at various places in the state to prevent the gathering of individuals.However, despite the arrests there was no let up in people congratulating each other over the phone or visiting gurdwaras for the thanksgiving prayers.Members of various Sikh organizations had started visiting the gurdwaras on Wednesday evening as soon as the news of the stay on hanging broke and the thanksgiving prayers continued on Thursday also.Sweets were also distributed by Sikhs and congratulated text messages continued to be sent and received on the cell phones.The leaders who have been taken into preventive custody include SAD (A) president Simranjit Singh Mann , Panthic sewa Lehar leader Baljit Singh Daduwal, SAD (Panch Pardhani) president Daljit Singh Bittu and general Secretary Harpal Singh Cheema, and SAD (Delhi) state president Jaswinder Singh Balliewal.Police officials said that the leaders were arrested to ensure communal harmony was not disturbed in the state as most of the Sikh radical organizations had planned victory processions in the state.Officials added that the government also did not take the risk of letting radical organizations \"exploit the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12452216", "title": "AOL patents valued at $290m", "text": "NEW YORK: AOL Inc's patent portfolio would be valued at about $290 million in a sale, less than a third of the amount that shareholder Starboard Value LP has estimated it could generate, according to patent-advisory firm M-Cam Inc.\"That is the absolute ceiling price,\" David Pratt, president of Charlottesville, Virginia-based M-Cam, said yesterday. \"It's worth much less than what investors have estimated, based largely on the fact that most of AOL's patents are not commercially viable, or junk grade.\"AOL, based in New York, has hired Evercore Partners Inc to explore strategic options and find a buyer for its more than 800 patents. While Starboard has said the portfolio may yield more than $1 billion in licensing income, some of AOL's patents are variations on existing technologies that companies, including Google Inc, could license from others, Pratt said.The ceiling price of $290 million for the patents reflects a \"Google-like transaction,\" Pratt said, referring to the search company's proposed $12.5 billion purchase of Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc, from which it could draw on more than 17,000 patents.A lower valuation on AOL's patents could hurt the company's chances to generate enough dollars to spur a sale of the whole company, Pratt said.Caroline Campbell, a spokeswoman for AOL, declined to comment.Evercore is also helping AOL explore other strategic options. Private-equity firms, including Providence Equity Partners Inc, TPG Capital and Silver Lake, have approached AOL about taking the company private, yet those overtures haven't resulted in a deal, according to people with knowledge of the situation.'Strategic buyer' A strategic buyer could bid a much higher price for the patents than M-Cam's estimate, said Erin-Michael Gill, chief intellectual property officer for MDB Capital Group LLC.\"There's a difference between a pure financial value for patents and a strategic value,\" Gill said by telephone yesterday. \"A strategic buyer could bid higher because they realize the long-term value of licensing those patents.\"Many of AOL's patents cover internet advertising and communications services, and the portfolio could fetch as much as $1 billion from a large technology company, Christopher Marlett, co-founder of Santa Monica, California-based MDB, said last week.AOL, led by Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong , posted declining sales for each quarter last year. The company's revenue for the first quarter of this year is estimated to drop 4.6 per cent to $526.1 million, according to analyst projections compiled by Bloomberg.Armstrong had been in talks with private-equity firms as recently as September, when the CEO approached potential financial partners about combining AOL with Yahoo ! Inc, two people said at the time.Starboard, which increased its stake to 5.2 per cent from 4.5 per cent late last year, said in a February 24 statement that it's \"increasingly uncomfortable\" with the direction the company and the board leadership are taking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12449050", "title": "4 hurt as group opens fire in family feud", "text": "BELGAUM: Four persons, including three women, were injured when miscreants in two vehicles opened fire at them between Bhendwad and Sansuddi road in Raibag taluk on Wednesday morning.Old enmity between two families is said to have triggered the incident. All the injured - Sadashiv Siddappa Dange, Shantavva Sahadev Rajapure, Savakka Basappa Dange and Sumitra Pralhad Kachadoni - are from Itagi village in Raibag and were heading to Chikkodi for a court hearing.They were taken to a hospital in Harugeri for first aid and then shifted to Gokak for further treatment.Sadashiv said the miscreants punctured their car tyres and started firing from their vehicles. \"They fired more than 20 rounds and also rammed our vehicle several times.''SP Sandeep Patil told TOI enmity between Dange and Mutnal groups was the cause of the incident. A case has been registered at Raibag police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447723", "title": "Karnataka paper leak: Lens on city press", "text": "KOLKATA: A city-based printing house was reportedly involved in the recent pre-university question paper leak scam in Karnataka.Nearly a week ago, Karnataka Police busted a racket that was selling questions of the state's pre-university exams. They had recovered three sets of physics and mathematics question papers while raiding a cyber cafe where the papers were being sold for Rs 10,000.The scam rocked the Karnataka assembly and the state government asked its CID to probe the matter. During probe, the CID team found reasons to believe that a printing press in Kolkata was behind the leakage and a CID team landed in the city a couple of days ago. Sources said to maintain secrecy of the questions, the authority had arranged for them to be printed in Kolkata. But apart from the concerned officials, some others were also aware of the address of the press, which might have led to the leakage.The Karnakata CID team zeroed in on a north Kolkata-based printing house located at Manmatha Mukherjee Row under Muchipara police station. They have already conducted a raid there and are examining the owner and the employees of the particular press with the help of Kolkata Police's detective department.Sources said the visiting team is yet to confirm the source of the leakage while another team of Karnakata CID is hunting for clues in the computers of the examination authority with the help of cyber cops. Police sources said that the seals of the envelopes containing the question papers were not tampered with. This fact, however, suggests that the questions were perhaps leaked out before reaching Karnataka. City police officers refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447892", "title": "Balwant Singh Rajoana gets a reprieve as Centre bows to Akali pressure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Balwant Singh Rajoana, convicted for the assassination of Punjab CM Beant Singh, received an extraordinary reprieve three days before his death sentence was to be executed, with the Centre buckling under the high-pressure advocacy of the Akali Dal government.President Pratibha Patil accepted a clemency petition from Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and his son Sukhbir Badal on Wednesday, a move that is seen to have the Centre's concurrence. The Badals came to Delhi at the behest the Akal Takht, the temporal seat of the Sikhs that directed the Punjab government to stall Rajoana's hanging.This will be the third high profile death sentence to be subject to political pressure. The assassins of ex-PM Rajiv Gandhi and Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru being the other two.The decision to put Rajoana's execution on hold will put in motion a fresh process as the petition is sent by the Rashtrapati Bhawan to the home ministry for its consideration and advice.The home ministry in its letter to the Punjab home department has said that as per procedure regarding mercy in death sentence cases, the execution has been stayed till the order of the Supreme Court or the President (whichever is later).Although India's recent vote against Sri Lanka relates to foreign policy, it was also a case of the government failing to resist domestic political pressure brought to bear by Tamil Nadu parties, including its ally DMK.The Centre's decision comes in the wake of unrest in parts of Punjab, J&K; with clashes between Sikh and right-wing Hindu groups. While the Akalis backed the plea, Congress also has not vociferously opposed it, despite Beant Singh having been a party leader, who was credited with providing sterling leadership that helped end terrorism in Punjab.A Rashtrapati Bhawan spokesperson said that the President had received Rajoana's clemency petition and sent to the union home ministry. \"The President met the Punjab CM and took the petition. It has been sent to the home ministry for consideration,\" the official said.Rajoana is a Babbar Khalsa International terrorist convicted in the assassination of Beant Singh in 1995.The petition moved by Sikh religious body SGPC and Delhi Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee forwarded by the Punjab CM to the President. Badal also met PM earlier in the day.Beant Singh had taken on Khalistani groups by steadfastly standing by former super-cop K P S Gill who was then director general of police in Punjab. Rajoana's co-conspirator Dilawar Singh, who was the human bomb, killed Beant Singh at the high security Punjab civil secretariat on August 31, 1995.While jailed Jagtar Singh Hawara was the mastermind of the assassination, Rajoana was the second human bomb in case the first assassin failed to kill Beant Singh. The Punjab and Haryana High Court had in October, 2010, had upheld the death sentence for Rajoana, but changed the capital punishment given to Hawara to life imprisonment. Rajoana had refused to challenge the death sentence awarded to him.Earlier Human Rights Watch had called for a halt to the execution describing hanging as \"inhuman punishment.\" \"The death penalty is always wrong and the Indian government should immediately stop this execution,\" said Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia director of Human Rights Watch. \"Beyond that, executing Rajoana would merely continue the cycle of distrust between members of the Sikh community and the Indian state that has long divided communities.\" Human Rights Watch opposes the death penalty in all circumstances as an inherently irreversible, inhumane punishment. \"The Indian government has rightly not carried out executions for nearly a decade,\" Ganguly said.\"It should now officially declare a moratorium, commute all existing death sentences, and then abolish the death penalty for all crimes,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447075", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd moves HC over order for compensation", "text": "NASHIK: Refusing to obey orders issued by the Consumer Grievances Redressal Forum (CGRF), Nashik in November 2011 to compensate a consumer Rs 24,000 for deficiency in services, the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has chosen to challenge this order in the high court.In a first-of-its-kind decision, the forum had ordered the power distribution company to compensate a farmer Rs 24,000 under 'standard of performance; for not supplying power to him. Though the company had to comply with the order in a span of 30 days, it instead chose to file a case in the high court. \"We have received a notice from the high court for the hearing scheduled on April 9,\" said Vilas Deole, secretary, Nashik Zilla Grahak Panchayat, who is fighting the case for the farmer.Farmers from Pimpalgaon Dhuum (Dindori taluka) had complained to the power company about failure of the distribution transformer, but it wasn't repaired in time. Accordingly, the farmers - Namdeo Kotale, Pandurang Kotale and Harish Kotale - demanded compensation of Rs 1,200 per day for not restoring power supply from March 3, 2011, to March 25, 2011.The forum heard the case on November 6, 2011, and ruled that the farmer, Namdeo Kotale, be paid the compensation. However, MSEDCL chose to knock the doors of the high court. \"The company is using the consumers' money to fight against the consumer, who will have to shell nearly Rs 35,000 to get this amount compensated,\" Deole said.A senior official from MSEDCL said that the company would never pay the compensation easily, as it would form a precedent. \"There have been the orders of the CGRF, but it has a clause of appeal and hence, we are doing it. It could be a small case for anybody, but for the company, giving such compensation would amount to a huge hole in its coffers. This should not form a precedent,\" the official said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12448028", "title": "MMC approves Rs 1.28 cr surplus civic budget", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council at its meeting on Wednesday approved the civic body's Budget for the year 2012-13.The 1.28 crore surplus Budget has projected a consolidated expenditure of 55.23 crore while receipts have been tagged at 56.51 crore.The exercise was not without incident though.A heated exchange of words between the chairperson and some councillors vitiated the council's decorum early into the meeting.During the debate on the Budget, councillors picked holes in the financial estimates, while also urging the chairperson to take urgent and effective steps to shore up the municipal coffers.Councillors Pratima Coutinho and Damu Shirodkar criticized the budget as \"directionless\".\"This budget is unrealistic and figures shown as estimated revenue have been inflated three-fold when the municipality could not even generate a fraction of the targeted revenue projected in last year's budget,\" Coutinho said.Shirodkar questioned the chairperson for failing to incorporate \"any worthwhile\" development projects in the budget.\"This just looks like a statement of accounts provided by a bank, without any thought going into its formulation,\" Shirodkar said.Coutinho also criticized the municipality for failing to initiate the hotel waste collection drive, despite the estimated 20 lakh revenue projection from its fees in the last fiscal.Councillors demanded that action be taken against hotel owners if they fail to cooperate with the MMC over the waste collection exercise.At the outset of the meeting, Coutinho placed on record her appreciation of chief minister Manohar Parrikar's initiatives to streamline traffic and parking arrangements in Margao.Participating in the debate, councillor Avinash Shirodkar demanded that no mega projects should be allowed in Margao till MMC puts in place drainage and sewerage systems and other infrastructural amenities.Councillor Arthur D'Silva voiced his disapproval of the \"tardy\" pace of work at the Sonsoddo garbage treatment plant and urged the chief officer to ensure that the project does not fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448295", "title": "Order withdrawn over Atal's photo in govt schools", "text": "BHOPAL: The state school education department has decided to withdraw order over installation of photos of Atal Behari Vajpayee in the government schools with the contingency funds. The cancellation of order came after the Congress objected to it in the Assembly on Monday. The state school education department cancelled the orders on Tuesday.A day before the Congress objection, the TOI had carried a story on Sunday, March 25, on the issue that the contingency funds of the schools would be used to install Vajpayee's photos. The funds are generally used in maintaining cleanliness around the premises repairing and maintenance of buildings, printing of question papers, provisions of water supply, photocopies of important documents and distribution of sweets among students on Republic and Independence Days.The contingency funds of the schools range between Rs 5, 000 for primary schools and Rs 10,000 for middle schools on a yearly basis. By this calculation, the monthly amount sanctioned for contingency fund in primary schools is Rs 417 and for middle schools is Rs 834. In all, almost Rs six crore would have been used in the exercise.One 12X18 inches photo, as specified by the government, would have cost Rs 500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449412", "title": "Devotees throng temples during Navaratra", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of devotees, chanting 'Jai Mata Di' and singing spiritual songs, thronged various Goddess Durga temples on the sixth day of Navaratra on Wednesday. Long queues of devotees were seen at temples including Terdhi Devi, Kali Mathiya and Lalita Devi.The idols of Goddess Durga were decked up in colourful streamers and flowers. \"We have been visiting Tapeshwari Devi Temple for years to get blessings from the Mata. We offered prayers, coconuts and a chunni,\" said Saroj, a resident of Kidwai Nagar.A number of 'Jagratas', where the participants were witnessed dressed up in traditional attire, were also organized. Devotees danced to the tunes of Bollywood and traditional music till the wee hours. Women also did 'Kalash Sthapna' and organised 'hawan' to pay obeisance to the Goddess.Almost city temples were also illuminated with decorative lights in the evening. As per the custom, it is considered auspicious to eat 'kala chana', 'halva' and 'puri' on this day. Most Hindu believers fast during the nine days, restricting their diet to milk and fruits and refraining from taking grain and cereal. Also, it is believed that Lord Rama performed yajna for Goddess Durga for nine days before going to fight Ravan in Lanka.This year, 'shashthi' is falling on two days, Wednesday and Thursday, and Saptami and Ashtami will be celebrated on Friday and Saturday respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448406", "title": "PM urged to reconsider changes in NSRA bill to safeguard RTI Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming exemptions to the RTI Act introduced through the proposed Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority (NSRA) bill as \"regressive\", information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi and legal luminary Fali Nariman have urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to reconsider the amendments in the interest of transparency.Nariman said the amendments were \"unnecessary\" and against the letter and spirit of the Act. \"I am distressed to hear that the government of India proposes amendments to the RTI Act - it is submitted that these amendments are unnecessary In view of the adequate protection for all legitimate interests provided for under section 8 of the RTI Act,\" he said.The NSRA contains two proposals for amendments. The first amendment seeks to add a new exemption to section 8 of the RTI Act to cover sensitive information relating to nuclear and radiation safety issues and also commercially sensitive information of technology holders. Information commission Shailesh Gandhi said the existing provisions of Section 8 (1)(a) and Section 8(1)(d) provide adequate protection for the legitimate needs of information that need not be disclosed.The second amendment seeks to insulate unspecified regulatory bodies that will oversee nuclear facilities established for strategic and national defence purposes. Gandhi argued that such agencies when created will automatically be part of Schedule 2 of the RTI Act that includes the agencies exempted from it.He added that the NSRA bill makes disclosure of information about such bodies a punishable offence. \"This clause will be used as a shield to prevent disclosure of information relating to even allegations of human rights violation and corruption in such bodies....In effect the NSRA bill seeks to vest enormous discretion in the hands of bodies that to withhold people's access to information. These provisions are a regression in the journey of our Parliament towards a participatory democracy. Whereas nuclear power and energy are important for the nation, transparency and democracy are certainly more important and must not be whittled down,\" he said.Two members of the parliamentary standing committee have expressed apprehensions, besides reservations from a number of citizens and RTI activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448536", "title": "Lawyers raise questions over profession tax", "text": "PUNE: The sales tax department of Pune and city-based lawyers are at loggerheads once again with the latter refusing to get themselves registered as professionals. Lawyers argued that the sales tax department should have served them the show-cause notices when an amnesty scheme was introduced for non-registered professions in 2009. The issue of show-cause notices now amounts to depriving them of the benefits of the amnesty scheme.The department recently issued notices to thousands of lawyers for failing to register themselves as professionals and pay the profession tax. The lawyers at the district and sessions court here quoted circular no. PTF/2009/P/TAdm-29/B dated November 3, 2009 saying that there was an amnesty scheme from August 1, 2009 up to March 3, 2010.Lawyers say that as per the amnesty scheme, tax, interest and penalty in respect of periods prior to April 1, 2005 would be waived in full and the penalty amount on tax payable after April, 2005 would also be waived. Also, persons required to enroll after April 2005, but who have not done so are also exempt from paying the penalty, they say.Lawyers said the notices issued under section 5 (5) of the Maharashtra Sales Tax, Professions, Trades, Callings, Employment Act, 1975, have lacunas as the actual notice mentions penalty of Rs 5 for each day of delay in registering under the Act. However, the law says that as per section 5 (5) of the Act the penalty is Rs 2 for each day of delay for individuals i.e. lawyers.Lawyers say that the law mentions one thing and notice mentions another, therefore the notice is illegal and hence not enforceable by the sales tax department. Besides, as per the table of applicable rates of profession tax, all those earning up to Rs 5,000 per month are exempt from payment of the profession tax. The lawyers argue that as per the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, all advocates who have not completed 10 years of practice are junior advocates and they are trained by their seniors without charging any remuneration. Therefore, their income is practically nil. Hence, all lawyers who have not completed 10 years of practice should automatically fall in the exempt category.Sunil Kashid-Patil, deputy commissioner of the sales tax department, told TOI that lawyers have not registered as professionals despite notices being issued to them. \"Now, the lawyers say that they will take up the matter with the state finance ministry for availing the benefit of amnesty scheme,\" said Kashid-Patil. Kashid-Patil further said the department had created awareness about the amnesty scheme, but all professionals, including doctors, availed of the benefit except the lawyers.He said the lawyers' argue that they are not legally bound to register as professionals. \"This when the competent authority has given them proper notices as per law,\" said Kashid-Patil.Since the department issued notices, only 2% to 3% of the lawyers have registered as professionals. \"The process of issuing notices is still on and we will bring lawyers under the ambit of law after the financial year ends. But it has been found that some lawyers have picked up jobs, changed their addresses, shifted out of Maharashtra or have got married. Hence, notices could not be served at their given addresses. The whole exercise is not applicable to lawyers who have completed 65 years of age,\" he added.Speaking to TOI, Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa chairman Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh said the council has submitted a proposal to the chief minister and the deputy chief minister to restart amnesty scheme for lawyers. \"We will also request them to exempt lawyers having practice of less than five years. Lawyers are ready to co-operate, but they should be given the facility to make payment on an installment basis.Lawyers from Pune, Mumbai, Solapur and Nashik have written to us through their respective council members requesting to take up the issue of starting amnesty scheme with the state government,\" said Konde-Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448862", "title": "Govt plans to make terror penalty stiffer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Collecting funds for terror activities should entail a punishment of at least 7 years imprisonment and a fine of up to Rs 10 crore should be slapped on companies, societies or trusts found to be involved in criminal activities, a parliamentary panel has recommended.At present, the penalty for collecting funds for terrorist activities is a maximum of 5 years in prison and the penalty for criminal offences by companies, societies or trusts could extend to Rs 5 crore.The standing committee on home affairs has also proposed that the ban period on unlawful organizations be increased from 2 to 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448126", "title": "Clinics run by fake doctors sealed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In just three days 33 doctors with weird medical degrees have been nabbed by the health department of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). Their clinics have been sealed for the moment but the AMC is now resolved to extend the raids to other parts of the city.Some doctors claimed to posses strange degrees like 'electro-homeopathy' while 17 others the AMC nabbed held degrees like RMP, GFMA, BEMH and SDF-degrees one has not heard off since professional medical practice came into existence.\"Frighteningly even these doctors did not know the full form of their degrees announced loudly on their boards. These people were dangerous than quacks as all of them were practicing alopathy when we raided their premises. Many poor people had been regular visitors at their clinics,\" says AMC's deputy health officer south zone Tejas Shah.These fake doctors cleverly chose one room accommodations in interior congested areas of Lambha, Vatva and majorly in Indrapuri. \"These doctors were giving injections, administering IVs and even prescribing drugs. This would have been dangerous. The AMC will continue the raids in the coming days and more such cases,\" says Shah.Copies of list of doctors and their degrees raided in the last few days have been sent to individual zones with special instructions to identify such quacks.\"These quacks were targeting poor migrant labourers who live in small accommodations nearby. We are planning an awareness campaign against such dubious medical men in the city,\" says Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448283", "title": "Early detection of TB facility in Bhopal, Jabalpur soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Patients in Bhopal and Jabalpur will not have to wait for the outcome of tuberculosis detection test as rapid test facility would be available in these cities. The new facility would cut down time for TB detection from more than two months to two hours.A pilot project is already underway in Indore and two similar proposals have now been recommended for the Bhopal and Jabalpur.The project is part of a project across 18 cities across the country in collaboration with government of India, WHO and co-founder FIND, an international organsation co-funding the projectThe new tests endorsed by World Health Organization , is cartridge based nucleic acid amplification test ( NAAT). This test has been termed as a revolution in rapid TB diagnosis by WHO as it provides diagnosis of drug resistant TB and TB complicated with HIV infection in less than two hours, compared to current tests that take much longer to have results.The pilot project in Indore is being carried on 37 patients since February this year. \"The testing for the laboratory which includes large incubators and adheres to bio-safety level I should get a certification by the end of the year,\" said Joint Director Dr B S Ohri.Experts have opined that the test would play a crucial role in reducing TB burden in countries like India with 1.8 million persons developing the TB disease in the country, of which about 800,000 become infectious; and 370,000 die annually -1,000 every day.The epidemiological benefit of this test translates into 13-42% reduction in TB incidence and 24% prevention of TB related deaths, according to the FIND. Evidence to date indicate that implementation of this test could result in a four-fold increase in the diagnosis of patients with drug-resistant TB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448883", "title": "Show cancelled, crowd goes on the rampage", "text": "INDORE: Unhappy with the cancellation of a show by the start cast of Bollywood movie Housefull II, the crowd went on rampage at a city mall on Wednesday.Stars were in the city for the promotion of their movie and organizers had promised audience a stage performance from them, which did not take place. Finally, the police had to step in to disperse the crowd.Star cast of the movie Akshay Kumar, John Abraham, Jacqueline Fernandes , Asin Thottumkal, Shazahn Padamsee and Riteish Deshmukh were in the city to address the media and interact with movie lovers. A large number of fans turned up at the local mall on AB Road to see their favourite stars.Seeing the situation go out of control, John Abraham was seen protecting Asin Thottumkal from the over zealous crowd who were jumping on the crowd.Everything was fine, but the moment Akshay Kumar announced at the press conference that they are not going to perform, the situation slipped out of hand. The news of non-performance of star spread like wild fire and people who were waiting for their performance went on rampage.CSP Amrendra Singh said, \"No lathi charge took place and we just disperse the crowd with whistle.\" He said that organizers had sought permission for press conference and stage performance from the police. But the stage performance was cancelled at the last moment making the fans restless.We requested them to leave the premises and go home. No force was used and no one sustained any injuries, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12448660", "title": "Old, rare coins fascinate this young collector", "text": "DUGRI: At 14, Chitrish Arora has a wide collection of old currency collected from across the world.''I have a large collection of ''aanas'', 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 paisa coins and those of the British period. Besides, I have currencies of 13 other countries, too,'' smiled Chitrish, a resident of Dugri.So, how did he take a shine to it? ''I started collecting these when my mother, Ruchika Arora, gifted me a piggy bank on my sixth birthday. Now, rare and old currencies fascinate me,'' he said. Whenever his family or uncles and aunts go abroad, they make sure they bring some ''capital'' gifts for him. ''I have currencies of United States of America, Hong Kong, Bangladesh, Egypt, Qatar, Nepal, China, Poland, Nigeria, Kenya, Vietnam, Canada and Iran. Like other children, I am not much fond of gazettes and clothes,'' he added. A student of Ryan International School, Chitrish said that he has a Rs 100 note of the year 1977 signed by then governor I G Patel. ''Recently, I learned that a similar note is being sold for Rs 3 lakh!''Ruchika said, ''I had never thought that a piggy bank will make him passionate about currencies. I think he will soon make a world record.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447520", "title": "UP may lower VAT on petrol, some other essential goods", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking cue from the Goa government which has slashed the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol, the Samajwadi Party government is also contemplating a similar decision from the new financial year (2012-13). The government may also reduce the VAT on some essential commodities, thereby giving more relief to the people.The SP manifesto also promised abolition of VAT in Uttar Pradesh. In fact, the party had been critical of the tax policies under the Mayawati government. The SP had opposed the implementation of VAT during its previous regime under Mulayam Singh Yadav (2003 to 2007) despite specific deadline of March 31, 2007. It was only after Mayawati government came to power that VAT was finally implemented in UP.The government has sought a brief from the finance department on the modalities of the proposal including the extent to which VAT could be reduced to directly benefit the common man. At present, UP has one of the highest VAT rates on petrol (26.55%) and diesel (17.23%) in the country. \"It will take time. The issue has to be assessed in totality. Being a policy decision, it will have to be scrutinized for its viability before a decision is taken to table it before the cabinet,\" said a senior IAS officer privy to the government move.The government, sources said, has agreed in principle to do away with a fraction of the revenue receipts to accommodate the tax reduction. It has also sought a report from experts to suggest sectors in which VAT could be adjusted, so that it does not have a direct burden on people.Similar reduction in VAT has been suggested by the state governments in Goa, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh. There are indications that the government may offer a relief between 4-7% on per litre price of petrol. This apart, taxes levied on some other essential goods may also see a fall.Any reduction in VAT on petrol and diesel is sure to have a ripple effect on the prices of commodities which need transportation, including locally cultivated vegetables and fruits, which are transported to the wholesale markets from the farm fields.The government has also planned to set up a task force to ensure that the benefit of the tax cut is carried down the line right up to the consumer. The task force will hold meetings with petrol and diesel dealer associations, transporter associations and wholesalers to ensure that the tax relief comes down to consumer level.The reason for setting up a task force is to ensure that benefit of tax relief reaches people. It will look for the ways to minimise the intervention of middlemen and transporters who absorb the entire relief themselves without putting forward to the consumer - the target beneficiary of the government.The state government move is based on some simple arithmetic based on petrol price hike by the UPA regime. When the fuel hike was announced in June 2009, the retail price of fuel in Lucknow was Rs 43.48.Of this, Rs 20.74 went to the Central and state governments by way of taxes totaling around 47.71%, leaving the cost price of petrol at Rs 22.74.After the last hike, the retail price of petrol in Lucknow had come to around Rs 71.32. Out of this, Rs 34.03 goes to the two governments as taxes. The state government believes that reducing its share of tax from petrol and diesel prices will, at worst, lead to revenue receipts from VAT at par with that of 2009 when the fuel hike was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12447111", "title": "Youth dies during home guard selection test", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: A youth died while participating in the fitness test held for the selection of Home Guards here on Wednesday.Twenty-five-year-old Ch Rajendraprasad fell unconscious after running for about 600 metres during the 800 metre race. Cops immediately took him to the first-aid centre and tried to revive him. When he did not respond, they rushed him to the government hospital. The doctors, however, declared him brought dead. Rajendraprasad was a native of Malleswaram village in Bantumilli mandal. He had aspired to join the uniformed service as his parents are agriculture labourers.Elur range DIG Suryaprakash Rao expressed shock over the death. He appealed to the candidates not to take the test if they are not physically fit. Meanwhile, an SSC student was crushed under the wheels of a tractor at Rompicherla village in Guntur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448103", "title": "Municipal poll: Doctors, teachers, managers are all in the fray this time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reflecting the city's changing demographics, the list of municipal poll candidates this time includes a large number of professionals like doctors, advocates, teachers, lecturers, choreographers and management graduates.In the Kashmere Gate ward, BJP has fielded Dr Sambit Patra, who was a surgeon with MCD's Hindu Rao hospital. Patra (38) is an electoral debutant, but he has been active in public life since last year when he started an NGO to help the Balmiki community. \"I have been working for the interests of the Balmikis. I filed a PIL against the Delhi government for using the word 'chura' for Balmikis while issuing Scheduled Caste certificates. In 2011, Delhi high court ordered the government to discontinue the use of the word in certificates,\" said Patra.To take on Patra, Congress, too, has nominated a professional - advocate Harsh Sharma (35). Also a first-timer, Sharma said he had worked for the welfare of the people for more than a decade. \"I was an active member of DUSU in college, and was the district president of the party. It is important to change the image of politicians. A councillor should be a social worker, not a politician. Educational background helps in understanding the problems of the area,\" said Sharma.BJP leaders admit that fielding professionals is a political necessity now. \"Professionals are willing to be a part of the political system and the public is looking for educated people who can bring about change. This time, we have tried to nominate more professionals. Doctors, lecturers, MBAs, engineers, social workers, among others, have been given tickets,'' said BJP's national secretary Vani Tripathi.For the Naharpur reserved seat, BJP has nominated Dr Neelam Goel, an associate professor at Shyama Prasad Mukherjee College. \"There are no political aspirations. I have been working for the welfare of women and give free English lessons to them. The party mandal (local unit) proposed my name and even if I lose the elections, I will still continue my social work,\" said Goel, a PhD in international business.In Janakpuri west, choreographer Neena Kapoor (43) is Congress's candidate. Neena, who teaches dance at DAV Public School, Paschim Vihar, said she had been giving free lessons to underprivileged children of the area. \"A councillor is like a leader of the ward and it is important that a local should contest, as MCD elections are a social cause. I am confident that I will comfortably win the elections as I share a rapport with the people,\" said Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447865", "title": "Bryson\u2019s visit to propel Rajasthan-US trade", "text": "JAIPUR: In what could be considered a growing importance of Rajasthan in the economic development of the country, the US secretary of commerce John Bryson visited the state with a trade delegation of 15 US businessmen. This is first-ever visit of any US secretary to Rajasthan.The visit to Jaipur is part of Bryson's six-day trade mission to India aimed at building partnerships with governments and businesses to participate in the country's infrastructure development for which the Central government has estimated an investment of $1 trillion in its 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17).Jaipur being one of the three cities (Besides Delhi &amp; Mumbai) in the Bryson's itinerary underlines the fact that the state is poised to play a significant role in the nation's economic development.\"I believe that if our businesses and governments work closely together, we can ensure that India will continue on a path toward inclusive growth - including areas and groups that may not have benefited from our partnership in the past,\" said Bryson while addressing a gathering of business community organized by CII.The $90-billion Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor project, National Manufacturing Zone, smart cities in Jodhpur and Neemrana would require massive resources and expertise. Rajasthan possesses huge potential for generation of solar energy. The need for smart technologies, expertise in project designing, implementation and management, building intelligent transport systems will require collaboration with companies.\"The business climate is improving in India and a number of US companies are interested in trading with Indian companies and partnering in their effort to build the strong infrastructure the country needs to achieve high growth,\" said Bryson.Bryson had a meeting with chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday evening where the chief minister drew his attention to the opportunities in solar energy sector. On Wednesday, he had an interactive session with the state government officials and also paid a visit to Jaipur Foot.Vijay K Thadani, past chairman CII northern region said that the bilateral trade between the US and India in goods has crossed $55 billion in 2011 - a nearly four-fold increase in the past decade and our economic relationship is also defined by trade in services, in which India is of course, an exporter but an important importer as well.Highlighting the strengths of the state Dileep Baid, chairman CII Rajasthan, said Rajasthan offers great opportunities in renewable energy, agro processing, textiles, handicrafts, and education.Bryson assured that the US under President Obama remains committed to make Indo-US relationship the \"defining partnership\" of 21st century. Wrapping up his address, he urged all stakeholders to continue to work together to ensure that the future of the US-Rajasthan partnership will indeed be bright in the 21st century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "12454613", "title": "Tension grips Gurdaspur, one killed, one hurt in police firing", "text": "GURDASPUR: Tension gripped Gurdaspur town after one person died and another was critically injured reportedly in police firing.According to reports a group of organisations of Gurdaspur had given a call for bandh after police had registered cases against members of another group during the call for Punjab bandh on Wednesday.On Thursday, police intervened when one group tried to close the establishments of another group and they entered into an altercation. Trying to bring the situation under control, police opened firing when members of a group began pelting stones on it following which one person was killed and another seriously injured.While downplaying the incident deputy commissioner Gurdaspur Mohinder Singh Kainth said, \"One person has died but so far we don't know how he died or who brought him here.\" He, however, said police was probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448597", "title": "Woman among 2 convicted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the sensational case of judge murder, a local court on Wednesday convicted two persons, including a woman.The case dates back to October 13, 2005. Judge Vijay Singh, who was posted as presiding officer at Chandigarh labour court, was murdered by a granthi Manjit Singh. Manjit was paid Rs 5 lakh by Ravdeep Kaur, who was the mastermind of this crime. They were booked for murder and criminal conspiracy.Deceased hailed from Patiala of Punjab.\"Ravdeep, who ran a nursing home in Patiala, was in love with the judge and wanted to marry him. Vijay Singh was already married and he had three daughters. But she wanted Vijay to divorce his wife and to marry him,\" said Vijay Singla, prosecution lawyer.\"Out of frustration, she hired a killer and paid him Rs 5 lakh to eliminate the judge. Vijay Singh was attacked by Manjit, with a sharp-edged weapon, while he was out for a walk at polo grounds in Patiala. There were several stab wounds on his body,\" he added.Police said the accused had a criminal past and there were over 25 stab wounds on the body of the deceased.Quantum of the sentence will be announced on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447564", "title": "Ignoring procedures, keeping cops in dark cost CRPF dear?", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra State home minister RR Patil and top officials may assure of healthy co-ordination between district police and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) but the IED blast that claimed 12 CRPF troopers at Pustola in Gadchiroli district on Tuesday has exposed a different reality.Initial investigations have revealed CRPF's local officials were so keen to ensure that the on-going civic action programme at Fulbodi-Gatta becomes successful in presence of their director general K Vijay Kumar that they ignored Standard Operating Procedures and walked into Naxal trap. Sources have claimed that the five-vehicle CRPF convoy had ventured into a highly sensitive territory without any precaution.Rushing to reach their camp at Phulbodi Gatta, CRPF personnel ignored the need to conduct a road opening exercise to ensure it was free of mines. Sources in security forces pointed out that there was no road opening done after civic election in February. \"The CRPF personnel followed their senior's orders and undertook the journey deciding against spending a couple of hours on road opening exercise so as to reach Gatta before their DG,\" said a source.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli district, S Vireesh Prabhu had faced criticism during elections, which were conducted without a hiccup despite Naxal boycott, when he had prohibited the polling and security parties to take the roads while going to-and-fro from the booths. In Gadchiroli, planting landmines is common. Prabhu had sent the polling parties through the jungles and did not allow them to even take the trails.The ill-fated bus, second in the convoy, was targeted by Naxals. \"Police had information there was heavy Naxal presence in the area but the CPRF did not disclose their plans to move a convoy through the place, so there was no exchange of input,\" said another source.Though CRPF officials avoided media for most part of the day, a bunch of scribes met the CRPF DG Kumar. He said that an enquiry team of CRPF had arrived in the district. The top cop has promised a storming operation of Abhujamadh soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448166", "title": "Rs 3,692.69 cr VAT evasion detected from Ahmedabad dist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has stated that in 523 cases where the department had carried out raids, they have found evasion of value added tax (VAT) to the tune of Rs 3,692.69 crore.The state government in a written reply to Dhandhuka MLA Ranchod Mer said that 785 raids were conducted in Ahmedabad city in the last two years. Of these, the government found evasion in 523 cases to the tune of Rs 3,692.69 crore.The government had earlier said that the VAT collection in Ahmedabad during the year 2011 had been Rs 6,915 crore.The government said the department has yet to recover Rs 361.25 crore as dues from various firms. Action has been initiated against these firms under various existing acts.In Jamnagar, VAT collection was Rs 1,896.33 crore and the government has to recover Rs 2,779.15 crore.Replying to another question by Arjun Modhwadia, the state government admitted that 16 cement firms in the state have evaded VAT worth 219.59 crore.The government said that in cases of Somany Cement Company and Jupiter Cement Industries, the state has taken action. Saurashtra Cement has the maximum evasion among the cement firms - to the tune of Rs 99.30 crore - followed by H M P Cement Limited at Rs 44.59 crore.The government said that Balaram Cement has dues of Rs 13.63 crore, while Somany Cement Company Limited Rs 7.63 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447782", "title": "Traders in Hatibagan open shops", "text": "KOLKATA: Amid speculation over reconstruction of Hatibagan market, the traders on Wednesday decided not to vacate the premises under any circumstances.Of the 530 stall owners in the century-old market, over 100 opened their shops, turning a deaf ear to the warnings by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). The civic body had asked the traders to wait till the unsafe part of the building is razed. Cleaning operations are on so that the traders can reopen shops soon.\"Come what may, a majority of our traders will restart business by Sunday. We won't wait any longer for any agencies,\" said Ranjan Pal, secretary of the Hatibagan Bazar Byabsayee Samiti. Ranjan and others were seen supervising the operations on Wednesday afternoon.Fish, vegetable traders and grocers opened shops on Wednesday and did brisk business till the KMC labourers arrived and told them to close their shops. Garments, flower, edible oil and ghee traders could not open their shops as debris on that part of the market were not cleared.Traders in the fire-ravaged market made it clear that they would run the show even if reconstruction of the market is planned. \"Let the reconstruction process take place in phases without shifting traders from this market,\" said Babu Pal, a fish merchant.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, said traders had been advised not to risk their lives till the unsafe part is demolished. \"We have requested the stall owners not to start business till the insecure part of the building is demolished. If traders do not pay heed to our warnings, it is up to them. We can't take responsibility for the consequences,\" Chatterjee said. He added that the civic top brass is trying to contact the market's owners to know if they are willing to go in for a joint venture for the mart's reconstruction. \"If the owners are not available, we may acquire the land for reconstruction of the market,\" Chatterjee said.Meanwhile, officials from the KMC building department visited the site on Wednesday to expedite demolition works of the unsafe part. Though traders demanded that the entire market be handed over to them in a week, a senior KMC official made it clear that it would take another three weeks to demolish the insecure part and clear the debris. \"Since we have a solitary demolition agency, it will take three more weeks to pull down the unsafe portion of the building and clear the debris.\" Atin Ghosh, the local Trinamool Congress councillor and member, mayor-in-council, visited the market and asked the KMC officials to expedite the cleaning operations so that the traders could restart business in full swing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448898", "title": "Lokayukta raid on patwari unearths Rs 2.5 cr assets", "text": "INDORE: The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta on Wednesday raided the houses of a patwari in Manglia village in Indore district and recovered assets worth Rs 2.5 crore.The SPE of Lokayukta had recovered Rs 4 crore worth assets disproportionate to the known sources of income from another patwari in Ujjain just two days back.The raid on Wednesday, started early morning, was conducted following a tip off against patwari Ramlakhan Yadav for amassing assets.SP (Lokayukta) Virendra Singh said Yadav had amassed Rs 2.5 crore assets as against his known source of income. He said that in last 28 years of service as patwari, Ramlakhan Yadav's known earning has been Rs 24 to Rs 25 lakh. \"He possessed movable and immovable assets much more than his income,\" said Singh.Yadav owned two houses, one each in Indore's Ambikapuri extension and Palkikariya village in Hatod tehsil.\"Apart from this, the patwari possessed 29 bigha land including some portion that has come to him through his ancestors,\" said Singh adding that a deposit of Rs 4.5 lakh in different banks and insurance policies worth Rs 80,000.The patwari also owned a JCB machine, two cars, two motorcycles and documents related to a house in Ambikapuri extension and land worth Rs 2.5 lakh and a house in Hatod. The Lokayukta police have recovered Rs 1.65 lakh in cash and jewellery worth Rs 7.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447826", "title": "HIV workshop for Rajasthan MLAs", "text": "JAIPUR: MLAs in the state on Thursday will take a test to assess their understanding of HIV/AIDS at a sensitisation workshop to be held at the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly. The workshops will be organised by Rajasthan State Legislators Forum on HIV/AIDS (Raj LFA).They will be required to fill up a brief questionnaire on HIV/AIDS at the workshop. \"Last year, the forum helped in the framing of appropriate laws and policies to curb the spread of the diseases and cooperated Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society in execution of the third phase of the national AIDS control programme,\" a source said.Dr NG Bijoy Singh, MLA and Member of Manipur LFA would share his experience and best practices to check the diseases they are following in Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449032", "title": "Wife drags unfaithful hubby to cops", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old woman thrashed her husband, a commercial tax official, in full view of the public in Purasawalkam on Wednesday morning, allegedly after she came to know that he had 'married' again.Police said Vijay Anand and Geetha had been married since 2003 and have two sons.Sophie, one of Vijay's colleagues, became friendly with Vijay and soon began visiting his house. Sophie and Vijay got married on September 15, 2011 and held a reception at a hotel in Egmore. A guest at the reception told Geetha about it in January.On Wednesday, Geetha spotted him in an autorickshaw near Purasawalkam, bashed him up and brought him to the Vepery police station. Sophie was also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447125", "title": "20% rise in wholesale onion prices since February", "text": "NASHIK: The wholesale prices of onions in various Agriculture Produce Market Committees (APMCs) in Nashik district have increased by around 20% after the central government reduced the minimum export price (MEP) from US$150 to US$125 per tonne last month.Auctions of onions in Lasalgaon, Pimpalgaon-Baswant and Yeola APMCs, which are the major onion markets in the district, will remain closed till April 2 as traders will be completing their annual accounts due to the end of the current financial year.The reduction in MEP has caused the wholesale onion prices, which were in the range of Rs 325 to Rs 375 per quintal on February 27, to increase and stabilize in the range of Rs 340 to Rs 475 per quintal this week.The summer crop has started to arrive in the wholesale markets and regular arrival is expected in the next two weeks. The harvest of the late kharif crop has reduced and its arrival is expected to continue only up to April 15.\"The summer crop has started arriving in district APMCs and its regular arrival is expected to continue in the next couple of months. The shelf life of the summer crop is almost six to eight months. Hence, farmers prefer storing it and bringing it as per their convenience and the prevailing market rates. Besides, the harvest of the late kharif crop has almost ended and its arrival is expected to continue till around April 15,\" said an official from the Lasalgaon APMC.The average wholesale price of onions in Lasalgaon APMC increased by 20% to Rs 425 per quintal on Tuesday, as against Rs 340 a quintal on February 27. Around 10,050 quintals of onions were auctioned on Tuesday at Lasalgaon APMC.The average wholesale prices of onions in Pimpalgaon APMC increased by around 21% to Rs 411 per quintal on Monday, as opposed to Rs 325 per quintal on February 27. Around 6,632 quintals of onions were auctioned on Monday at the Pimpalgaon APMC.The average wholesale price of onion in the Nashik APMC remained constant at Rs 375 per quintal as compared to the prices on February 27. Around 603 quintals of onions were auctioned at the market on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448617", "title": "Security slackens at railway station", "text": "PUNE: Security at the Pune railway station is missing as there is unrestricted access to all its seven platforms, tracks and other areas on its premises.Multiple unauthorized entry points allow people to walk in and out undeterred and the authorized entrances remain unmanned for long hours, allowing free movement of unwanted elements. The railway administration, plugged one such entrance on Tuesday, but another closed entrance near the main building is now open with no police personnel around to monitor people's movement.Railway officials said they were helplessness. Additional divisional general manager A K Gupta said it was not feasible to have security personnel at all the entry points. \"There is shortage of manpower,\" he told TOI on Wednesday.Security continues to be lax at the station despite a Comptroller of Auditor General report published last year which highlighted issues in Pune and 73 other railway stations where multiple unauthorized entry points need closure.The report suggested more visibility for the Railway Protection Force and the Government Railway Police on the stations. Both forces have been entrusted with managing the safety of passengers and their belongings.However, on Wednesday, at Pune station there was hardly any presence of security personnel at all the three authorized entrances-- the main entrance in the heritage building, near the reservation centre and at the end of the foot overbridge on Raja Bahadur Mill Road.There were no ticket checkers or staff from the railway administration to verify the credentials of passengers or visitors. Unauthorized people are found on all six platforms and on the foot overbridges.People can easily walk in and out of the station from these entrances as there is hardly any police presence. Ticket checkers too are not to be seen. Metal detectors at the main building entrance are unmanned. The railway protection force has installed a baggage scanner at the entrance, near the reservation office. Baggage is checked randomly, but police personnel do not stop unauthorized vendors, beggars or other people from entering the station.Harsha Shah, a member of the railway users' group, said entry of people from various authorized and unauthorized points has to be restricted. \"Shortage of manpower cannot be an excuse. Whenever there are official inspections by the general manager and other visits by senior railway officials and MPs, the Railways moves into action and the station is secure and clean for these visits. It should be regularly done,\" she said.Gulamali Bhaldar, former member of the railway users' group, said security at the station should be implemented round-the-clock.Police inspector Mahendra Rokade of the Government Railway Police said they were short-staffed. \"We have two policemen for all the platforms. We have diverted our staff strength on trains, particularly the Daund-Kurudwadi route to prevent dacoities. We are taking help from the RPF staff which is also facing a crunch.\"Meanwhile, the Railways, partially walled up an entrance gate near the parcel office for passengers, but passengers are not stopped from using the open portion leading to the overbridge. However, an earlier closed entrance located near the RPF office was opened and people were moving in and out of this gate.This closure may prevent people from using the second foot overbridge, passenger Rajendra Deshmukh, said. \"The overbridge is not much in use as many prefer the old one which has access to the main entrance. After the closure of the entrance, which is close to the exit point near the parcel office, no one will use it,\" he added.There are other unauthorized entry points from the electric engine locomotive shed, Maldhakka chowk where people can walk along the tracks, and railway yards on either ends of the station. \"We are helpless if people decide to walk along the tracks. Trespassing on the tracks is an offence. Everyday, there are instances of deaths on tracks,\" railways public relations officer Y K Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448250", "title": "Govt's clash with institutions has Congmen worried", "text": "NEW DELHI: With yet another row exploding in UPA's face, exasperated Congressmen have begun to wonder whether government has the necessary savvy to deal with assertive \"institutions\".The skepticism is because of the messy confrontations Centre has with an array of high offices: CAG, EC, Supreme Court and now the Army chief.As Gen V K Singh's claims rocked Parliament again, Congress leaders were at their wits end to understand why government managers end up making a hash of differences with institutions. It had cut a sorry spectacle also by botching up the appointment of P J Thomas as the CVC.While there is little sympathy in the party for the estranged Army chief, leaders are sore that government allowed things to reach such a pass. With a history of run-ins with other institutions, some in the party see a pattern, some are even beginning to worry whether government will come off as a \"serial offender\".The crisis-prone Centre this week ran into CAG again, this time over losses in 'faulty' procedures in allotting coal blocks. It has been at war with the top auditor for the past one year over 2G scam being estimated at Rs 1.76 lakh crore.An insider said that each of the officer locking horns with UPA was its own appointee. \"Not all can be at fault. Definitely, it has something to do with the government managers and their skills,\" he said.It has been a goof-up galore. Right in the middle of the crucial UP polls last month, Congress appeared confronting the CEC with law minister Salman Khurshid leading the charge. Khurshid's comment about government controlling the poll watchdog followed by his belligerence over 'Muslim quota', Congress leaders claim, hurt party's campaign.The 'UPA vs. judiciary' lineup has been the story of PM Singh's second innings, with many in the party questioning the efficacy of officers deputed to put government's viewpoint in the courts.Many leaders feel the Army chief too could have been dealt better. \"There was a lapse in reading the man, his motives. Also, why did the date of birth row linger for so long? It was a lapse by the political establishment,\" an MP said.Sources said while the constitutional offices had been mishandled, the allies too were not dealt cannily as a coalition would require. The frequent rows with TMC apart, DMK too is miffed, though hobbled by its domestic problems to speak out with belligerence and NCP is not very happy either. \"It is an all-round failure on Congress's part. The biggest reason is that we have not picked the right people for the right job,\" a senior leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448386", "title": "Civil aviation academy may take wing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pinjore-based civil aviation academy, which was once considered a nursery for pilots of the country and is non-functional for some time, may soon witness hectic activities as the Chandimandir-based Indian Army' s western command has asked the Haryana government to allow the Army to utilize the academy.A formal request was made by the Army commander of Western Command, Lt Gen S R Ghosh, to the state chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Thursday. The CM was in the Western Command headquarters to attend a Civil Military Liaison Conference.Lt Gen Ghosh told the chief minister that development of aviation infrastructure involves high capital costs and joint utilization of such available infrastructure near the command headquarters would be significant for the operational preparedness of the western command. Responding to army commandera's proposal, the CM immediately agreed to examine the issue favourably.The command lacks infrastructure as far as aviation is concerned and the Pinjore aviation academy, if permitted to use, would boost the command's operational powers.Even geographically, the Pinjore academy is within the proximity of Western Command. Once a favourite choice for aspirants to become pilots, Pinjore based aviation academy is completely non-functional for the past few years because of staff shortage. It had started gliding in 1980 and power flying in 1983.The academy had closed joy rides in 2002 and after February 2008, the paragliding and parasailing had also been stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12452129", "title": "Pakistan addicted to using militants against India: Pentagon", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan has an \"addiction\" of \"playing around\" with militant groups against India, a top Pentagon official has said.\"They have an addiction to playing around with militia groups to achieve certain interests, particularly vis-a-vis India. That gets them in all kinds of trouble,\"Michael Sheehan, assistant secretary of Defence for Special Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict, told lawmakers at a Congressional hearing. Responding to questions, Sheehan said the US has been having discussion with Pakistan in this regard, but without much success.\"We've had these conversations with them forever about that. I don't see that changing. I don't see any set of talking points that's going to be delivered by some new diplomat that's going to change their mind,\" Sheehan said, adding the US has virtually \"given up\" in its effort to change the mindset of Pakistan with regard to India.\"It's the way they view the world. We have to understand the way they view the world and try to work through it. But it's not going to be easy, but I think at the end of the day we have been successful in the FATA in degrading al-Qaida over the last 10 years despite all these problems.\"And I think that we're going to continue to work through it and hopefully again have another 10 years of success in degrading al-Qaeda's strategic capability in the FATA and elsewhere,\" Sheehan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449787", "title": "Gang looting highway motorists in cop net", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-member gang looting motorists on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway has been nabbed by the Thane rural police.The gang's modus operandi was to target cars speeding on the highway during the night. Nails would be placed on the road to puncture tyres and then the car's inmates would be looted.On January 25, Nilesh and Usha Shah were returning to Mumbai from Ahmedabad. As their car reached Kasa village around 1.20 am, the tyre gave way. When the couple stepped out, three masked men pounced on them and snatched their valuables.With such complaints rising , the Kashimira unit of the crime branch nabbed Dinesh Gupta (23) of Manpada, Anil Vetal (40) and Pramod Gosavi (26) of Kolshet. Cops have recovered Rs 2.5 lakh which was looted from motorists in a span of a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12451883", "title": "Another scam allegation in Army?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General VK Singh has sought a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) inquiry against Lieutenant General Dalbir Singh Suhag, commander of GOC 3 Corps, Times Now reported quoting media reports. Dalbir Singh is also second in line to be Army chief, after Lieutenant General Bikram Singh, who will succeed VK Singh in May, 2012.Ambica Banerjee, Trinamool Congress MP from West Bengal has written a letter dated on May 2011 alleging widespread procurement scams in Special Frontier Force.The MP alleged that Dalbir Singh has received crores of rupees in kickbacks for defence procurements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448384", "title": "City corporation's road quality panel hasn't met in three years", "text": "PUNE: If roads in the city are wearing off faster than they should, potholes appear after the first few showers and there is heavy waterlogging, blame it on the lack of a clear policy to build better and longer-lasting roads.The high-powered standing technical advisory committee, set up in 2007 by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), has not met since February 2009. Its task was to frame a policy that would improve the quality of roads.Additional city engineer Pramod Nirbhavane said the civic body had not called a meeting of the panel for the past three years. \"However, most suggestions made by the committee in 2007 have been implemented. It has helped improve the quality of roads in the city,\" he added.The nine-member panel, headed by a former principal secretary of the Public Works Department was expected to study the organisational and management aspects of road construction, suggest technical measures to improve the quality of design, specifications and construction of roads and their upkeep.When roads did not improve even after the appointment of the committee in 2007, Puneite Madhav Ghate, a retired judge of the small cause court, filed a public interest litigation in the Bombay high court in 2008. The petition wanted the civic body to construct roads based on specific guidelines.The court then directed the civic body to frame a policy for better roads. In April 2008, the high court ruling directed Ghate to suggest experts for the committee, and fix the guidelines. Accordingly, S N Mane and V A Kelkar joined the panel.\"However, hardly any work has been done to frame the policy. Even the nine-month deadline set by the high court in April 2008 to form the policy has not been followed,\" Ghate said. A policy and guidelines are a must as potholes sprang up even during the 2011 monsoon, he added.Some committee members said the lack of progress was demoralizing. \"There is no point in working for an advisory committee if it lacks sincerity,\" Mane, a retired senior officer of Border Roads Organisation (BRO), said. He may disassociate himself from the committee, he added.\"There are many manuals for construction of good quality roads. A policy related to Pune's roads can be formed after consulting these manuals. Only a few changes will be required to suit the city's needs and a policy can be formed in a couple of meetings,\" Mane said.Civic activists want the committee to meet regularly. \"Road quality suffers because they are not constructed scientifically, according to a policy framed for the city's needs,\" Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe, Sajag Nagrik Manch activist, said.\"The policy should not just curb potholes. Other problems like improper speed breakers and wrong zebra crossings that affect people should also be included. A policy for standardising roads in the city is required,\" Vivek Velankar, president of Sajag Nagrik Manch, said.Poor quality roads were because of corruption, Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd), founder of Nagarik Chetana Manch, said. \"Rules and a policy should prescribe steps for the tender process to be followed properly. It will reduce corruption and help improve quality of roads,\" he added.Nirbhavane said the committee would be revamped. \"I have begun contacting the experts and we will organise a meeting soon. Some new experts can be included. The process of framing the policy will be speeded up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447605", "title": "5% VAT may slash cotton prices further", "text": "NAGPUR: Cotton prices in the state fell further by around Rs 200 at Rs 3,400 a quintal following the state government's budget announcement of imposing a value added tax (VAT) of 5% on cotton.The additional tax burden has hit the market sentiment which was already low with the virtual stalling of exports since March 5.While on the one hand the state government has decided to extend a relief of Rs2,000 crore to around 5 million cotton farmers after crop failure in more than nearly 40 lakh hectares, it took a harsh measure to put 5% VAT on cotton.Prices which were ruling around Rs4,200 in the first week of March have steadily declined to Rs 3,400 in the current week. \"This will only add to economic losses of the already distressed cotton growers,\" said Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS). He has urged the state to roll back the VAT proposed in the budget. In other cotton growing states it was no more than 2%, he claimed.The director general of foreign trade (DGFT) literally stalled cotton exports by sea and road since March 5 leading to crash in raw cotton prices. VJAS has demanded that the group of ministers (GoM), which is likely to meet on April 3, should review the situation and lift all restrictions on cotton exports.\"When cotton arrival as per data is only 242 lakh bales as against 278 lakhs bales of last year and at least 120 lakh bales awaited in the markets, such restrictions will expose more than 7 million cotton growers, traders and exporters to huge economic losses and will damage Indian cotton trade. Just to protect a few garment manufactures, the DGFT should not be allowed to dictate its terms,\" said Tiwari.\"When domestic demand is just 20 million bales as against production of 33 million bales there is no reason to restrict exports. The move reeks of corruption,\" Tiwari alleged. \"India, is a major exporter of cotton but a cartel which monopolies the garment export is lobbying for the ban since 2010 although India is signatory to the WTO,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448208", "title": "IIM-A profs offer to give up key posts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least two top professors of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) had offered to step down from key administrative positions until investigations into allegations of plagiarism against them were completed. IIM-A director Samir Barua, however, asked them to continue. A person, who identified himself as Anil Sharma and claimed to be an employee of a multinational company, recently sent a mail to IIM-A faculty members and officials, accusing five senior IIM-A professors of plagiarism. The mail cited two case studies written by Rekha Jain, G Raghuram, Rachana Gangwar, Sebastian Morris and Ajay Pandey. Sharma has said he teaches in some management schools well.Following the allegation, Pandey chose to resign as dean of faculty. \"I would like to resign in my role as dean (faculty) pending the investigations. This is to prevent the possibility that such allegations may seriously result in erosion of moral authority while performing the role,\" he wrote in a mail to the director.In a similar mail, professor Morris also offered to step down from administrative responsibilities and wrote, \"We would also like to also disengage ourselves from activities where the implicit trust of stakeholders is involved pending the findings of the committee and further decisions that the institute may like to take.\"Barua, however, wrote a mail to all faculty members of the institute, that a committee had been set up to look into the matter and insisted the professors continue with their current roles \"till alternate arrangements are dictated by the course of the investigation by the committee\".Barua wrote, \"This committee will complete its task, without fear or favour, and as early as possible, to uphold the standards of academic excellence and academic propriety that this Institute has always cherished and demanded.\"Earlier this month, IIM-A professor Rajanish Dass, was held guilty of plagiarism in a preliminary inquiry conducted by the institute. The Gujarat high court, however, after hearing a plea by Dass, directed the institute to come up with a fresh inquiry report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12453677", "title": "400 ITS officers refuse to rejoin BSNL", "text": "KOLKATA: The government is likely to declare some 400 officers in the telecom department as surplus following their refusal to consider re-employment in BSNL.These Indian Telecom Service executives, who had transferred to the DoT from cashstrapped BSNL in November, are likely to be moved to a surplus staffers cell in the HRD ministry, according to a senior official of BSNL.\"ITS officers without work will be moved to a surplus staff establishment, a unit of the department of personnel &amp; training in the HRD ministry,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449837", "title": "Finally, training schedule for online admissions released", "text": "The deputy director of education (school) on Wednesday announced the schedule for training school officials in the online admission process for junior colleges. The schedule was published a day after TOI reported that students were at sea over the lengthy online application process as their schools had received no intimation from the education department.\"The training sessions for school officials will start in batches from March 29 till April 2. The junior college admission website will be functional rom April 2,\" said a senior official from the education department. Junior colleges in the MMR region will have to register themselves on the website and also update the total number of available seats between April 2 and 9. This year, too, students will get a trial run to fill out dummy forms by the third week of April.T A Shiware, principal of Hinduja College and a member of the online committee-set up by the education department for a 'problem free' admission process-has assured students that there will no hiccups this year. \"By April 30, we would have completed the training sessions for students and parents. This way, students will get enough time to decide on the colleges of their choice before the results are announced.\" The committee has suggested some changes with the aim of speeding up the junior college admission process so that FYJC classes begin on schedule.Nevertheless, schools and colleges are sceptical of the committee's assurances. \"Even the simple process of announcing a training schedule took so much time. These are processes that should have been finalized before the exams. After the exams, we are tied up with results and admission work,\" said the principal of a south Mumbai school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12448770", "title": "Gujarat PSU lost Rs 4,216 cr in three years: CAG", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government has always tomtommed its efforts in turning sick public sector units (PSU) into profitable ventures. A review of three years of CAG reports paints a different picture. During this period, state PSUs incurred losses worth Rs 4216.53 crore and infructuous investment of Rs 300.98 crore, which were controllable with better management.The aggregate accumulated profits of all 60 PSUs stood at Rs 169.34 crore as per their latest finalized accounts as on March 31, 2011.List of loss-making companies include Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (Rs 159.74 crore), Gujarat State Financial Corporation (Rs 156.91 crore) and Alcock Ashdown Limited (Rs 131.44 crore).The CAG report also says four power distribution companies or DISCOMs in Gujarat failed to utilize central funds worth Rs 135.33 crore till March 2011. It further says the increase in the distribution capacity during 2006-11 could not match the pace of growth in consumer demand in all the DISCOMs as a whole as well as in Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited (DGVCL) and Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Limited ( PGVCL).Improper management of feeders in three divisions caused losses of Rs 42.08 crore. The yet-to-be-tabled CAG report says state-owned ship-building company Alcock Ashdown (Gujarat) Limited is exposed to probable losses worth Rs 96.42 crore by imprudently accepting a contract. Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited incurred avoidable expenditure of Rs 9.95 crore due to imprudent selection of a firm and noncommissioning of ash collection system.Times ViewChief minister Narendra Modi has a relatively clean image when it comes to political corruption. It is another matter that his government has cleverly avoided or actively resisted the appointment of a Lokayukta for the last over seven years. In such a situation, the Comptroller and Auditor General's reports are the only way to pin-point financial irregularities. It has been an unhealthy practice of the present state government to submit the CAG report only on the last day of the state assembly. A clean government should have nothing to hide. These deliberate attempts to avoid a free debate on the subject only evokes suspicion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore/bhopal", "code": "12448974", "title": "Lokayukta raid on patwari\u2019s house yields Rs 2.5 crore", "text": "INDORE/BHOPAL: The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta on Wednesday raided the houses of a patwari in Indore and a superintending engineer of the state electricity board posted in Chhindwara and recovered assets worth over Rs 2.5 crore from each of them.The patwari's houses were raided in Manglia village in Indore district and recovered assets disproportionate to his known source of income.Likewise, in raids conducted at the residences of the SE in Bhopal and Chhindwara the SPE recovered assets worth over Rs 4 crore. The Lokayukta team recovered two houses belonging to the SE in Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448192", "title": "Sting operations on sex tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following the Census 2011 figures which show just a marginal improvement in the child sex ratio, a number of collectors from the state are in the process of hiring national-level detective agencies to help them catch erring doctors performing sex determination test red handed.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said that his office is negotiating with at least three detective agencies in order to carry out sting operations on doctors who are suspected of performing illegal sex determination activities in their clinics.\"The idea is to catch these doctors red-handed so that a strong case can be put up against them for violating the Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. If erring doctors are punished, it will set an example, so that other doctors would not risk carrying out illegal pre-natal testing resulting in female foeticide,\" Nehra said. The collector also said that completion of the selection process of the agencies and beginning of sting operations is in April.Mehsana district collector Rajkumar Beniwal too said that all stops are being pulled to prevent any further decline in the child sex ratio in the district. Mehsana recorded the worst sex ratio in 2001 with 801 girls per 1,000 boys, while in the 2011 census, it occupies the second position in the list with a sex ratio of 845 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group.Beniwal said that the district health officials will soon conduct sting operations with the help of detective agencies to catch doctors red-handed.Meanwhile, principal secretary and health commissioner P K Taneja has written a letter to all district officials asking them to step up the vigil and action against doctors suspected of carrying out sex determination tests leading to selective killing of the female foetuses.\"State has recorded an improvement in the child sex ratio from 883 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 to 886 in 2011. This is not a noteworthy achievement and stricter implementation of PCPNDT Act is needed to bring a change. Collectors should build an internal intelligence network as well as take help of external agencies and step up vigil on doctors who are suspected to carry out sex determination,\" Taneja has said in the letter issued early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "imampur (medak)", "code": "12447188", "title": "Youth hangs self for Telangana", "text": "IMAMPUR (MEDAK): A 23-year-old youth was found hanging from a tree in Imampur village in Medak district's Toopran mandal on Wednesday morning in what appears to be yet another suicide in support of the separate Telangana cause.But what has everyone stumped is how Chyapala Yadagiri, a class VII dropout, came to land up in this small village as the deceased hailed from Rayalapuram village in Rangareddy district's Medchal mandal.Yadagiri, who was trying to set up as an autorickshaw driver after recently having taken driving lessons, claimed in a voice message on his mobile phone that he was ending his life for the Telangana cause. The deceased's cellular phone was found lying on the ground close to where his body was found hanging.\"Jai Telangana. Don't stop me from dying for Telangana. I am pained by the delay in the formation of Telangana,\" he said in the recording.Police said that the voice belonged to Yadagiri after his mother Lakshmi and maternal uncle Suram Ravi arrived to confirm that it was indeed him. DSP Srinivas Rao said passersby found Yadagiri hanging from the tree on the outskirts of the village close to NH-44. \"He left behind a cigarette packet cover on which he mentioned the phone recording. We don't suspect any foul play after a preliminary investigation,\" he said. Ravi, with whom Yadagiri started sharing accommodation after his father Venkataiah's death three years back, said that Yadagiri had been actively involved in the Telangana movement in Rayalapuram and nearby villages.As news of the suicide spread, hundreds of TRS and ABVP activists poured out on to the roads to hold rallies in Toopran and Gajwel towns.Former Congress MP Indrakaran Reddy said that the party could now ill-afford to ignore the strong sentiment among the youth and warned of more suicides unless the leadership made its stand clear on the separate statehood issue.Meanwhile, Pallavi, who attempted suicide in Karimnagar district, was critical with over 75% burns. She was taken to Gandhi Hospital in Secunderabad. Anguished by the delay in formation of a separate Telangana, she had set herself ablaze at her house in Pallenizamabad village on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12454466", "title": "All 3 service chiefs enjoy govt's confidence: Defence minister Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: In possible signs of thaw, defence minister A K Antony on Thursday appeared to be ruling out any action against Army chief Gen V K Singh but vowed to take the \"strongest action\" under laws against those responsible for the leak of his letter to the Prime Minister.He disclosed that the Intelligence Bureau has been asked to go into the leak of the letter in which the Army chief had said that the country's security might be at stake and said the government will get to the root of it and find out the persons behind the \"anti-national\" act.\"All the three service chiefs enjoy the confidence of the government. They are working...otherwise, how can they continue,\" he told reporters when he was asked whether Gen Singh still enjoyed the government's pleasure and confidence.At a press conference at the DefExpo, he was also asked whether the government would continue to \"grin and bear\" Gen Singh till retirement in May or ask him to go on leave following a spate of controversies surrounding him.The minister's remarks on the confidence in the service chiefs came moments after a statement issued by Gen Singh from Jammu that the leak of his letter should be treated as \"high treason\" and its source should be dealt with \"ruthlessly\".Maintaining that no patriotic Indian would indulge in sensitive communication because it would only help the enemies, Antony said the report will be available at the earliest. \"I assure you that we will not leave it there. We will make every possible attempt to find out the real culprits who have done this anti-national activity and they will be given the maximum punishment under the Indian Penal Code,\" he said.Ever since he lost the battle over the age issue, Gen Singh has been at loggerheads with the government and has given media interviews claiming he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore to swing a substandard defence deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454520", "title": "Ram Charan's heroine On B-Struggles", "text": "It is not a small thing for any actress to have her debut with a very powerful mass hero. Usually those who enter the cine circuit like that go on to make big careers and top league heroines. However, it appears that one starlet is yet to make her mark and has been struggling a lot to make her presence felt.She is none other than Neha Sharma. Apparently, this seductive eyed beauty made her debut with 'Chirutha' alongside mega powerstar Ram Charan but since then barring a film or two, she has not been able to grab anything big. On the other hand, it is heard that Neha has been trying real hard to make her mark in Bollywood.Though she is a perfect package of sex appeal and good looks, Neha is unable to bear the competition from the new age beauties who are willing to go to any extent in skin show and glamour quotient. The cine folks are suggesting since she also has a lot of potential in her, it is time for Neha to unveil the wild seductress inside her which will shake Bollywood.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12448158", "title": "Societies not without blame", "text": "Housing societies that are crying foul over R R Patil's remark about not being allowed to park on the road often eschew the BMC's rulebook. They devise their own guidelines, either driven by space compulsions or security perceptions.Often allegations are made in managing committee meetings about privileged members hogging preferential parking spots. So, open lots are often rotated among members. Some do not wish to park under a tree for fear of bird droppings while others do not like to keep their vehicles near the gate.Moreover, the BMC's development control rules stipulate that societies should reserve space for visitors' cars, a rule that is observed more in breach. In the island city, the reserved space is 25% of the building's total parking area, while in the suburbs it is 10%. But most societies display warning notices at the gate announcing that visitors will not be allowed to park.Pradnya Morje of Prabhadevi says she and her neighbours receive few guests because they cannot park in the area, either in her compound or outside owing to restrictions over the security of Siddhivinayak temple.\"How do you allot space for visitors' parking in the compound? Can you keep a few parking lots vacant, expecting visitors to drop in? The DC rules were framed in another era when not every household could afford a car,\" says Manik Shah, managing committee member of a housing society in Mahim. \"Nowadays, each household owns two or more vehicles and it is difficult to find space for legitimate users. What if the visitor parks in a spot meant for a resident?\" Shah also admits that tenants who rent apartments are often given second preference or not allotted parking space.Security is another concern. \"I cannot envisage a scenario where unknown persons are allowed to bring their cars or SUVs inside the compound and keep them there for an uncertain period,\" says Amish Shah, a resident of Ghatkopar. \"We would have to assign more security personnel for the task and keep a keen eye on small children playing in the compound.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448747", "title": "MSRTC gets permission to serve chargesheet on rogue bus driver", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday granted permission to the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) to serve a chargesheet on rogue bus driver Santosh Mane at the Yerawada central jail, so that a departmental inquiry can be conducted.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate bus stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine dead and 31 injured.MSRTC divisional traffic officer Anagha Bartakke had filed a plea to serve the chargesheet on Mane through its counsel Atul Gunjal before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More.Officials of the corporation said permission was required as Mane was lodged at the jail.More directed MSRTC traffic inspector Deepak Nagarkar to serve the chargesheet on Mane at the jail. A copy of the order has been sent to the jail superintendent.MSRTC had suspended Mane from service on the day of incident and had obtained permission from the court to serve the suspension order on him in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12449031", "title": "Train derailment leaves passengers stranded", "text": "HUBLI: The derailment of a goods train between Ballekere and Devanur stations on Arsikere-Birur section of Mysore division of SWR affected the movement of trains between Bangalore and Hubli. As a result, people of the region had to drop their rail journey plans and take buses and other vehicles to reach Hubli.A lot of people were stranded in Hubli railway station as several trains were delayed for long hours. The worst hit were people from Haveri, Byadagi, Savanur, Kundgol, Ranibennur, Karjagi, who came to Hubli for their routine work.Some PU students who had to attend exams in Kundgol, Savanur and Byadagi also came by bus and other vehicles. Kamalesh, a second year PU student said that students from Gudigeri and Saunshi and other remote villages came by bus and tempo to write the exam on Wednesday, as they had to reach the venue by 8.30am.Bus services too hitPeople of Chikkodi and Belgaum suffered due to hampered bus services on Wednesday.Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation Workers Association Struggle Committee had organized workers conference in Hubli on Wednesday.KSRTC staff and workers from Hubli, Belgaum, Chikkodi, Haveri, Sirsi and Gadag divisional participated in the conference.NWKSRTC president Mallikarjun Sahukar told TOI that following the conference, there was shortage of bus services in Chikkodi and Belgaum divisions as 400 workers were absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12447952", "title": "Missing man's body found in Ghaziabad forest", "text": "NOIDA: The body of a 24-year-old man was found in the forests of Raghunathpur in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. Police said the deceased was working as an HR manager in a software company in sector 7 of Noida and had gone missing on Tuesday. The victim, Kulbhushan, is a native of Ayodhya and was residing in bordering Ashok Nagar in Delhi.When Ghaziabad police found his body on Wednesday, they recovered a pen drive and a wallet that identified him. \"The data on the pen drive and wallet confirmed that the victim was a native of Ayodhya,\" said PP Singh, SHO Pilukhwa. Later, his uncle identified his body.Police said no arrests had been made, but investigations are on. \"We have not been able to ascertain if it is a murder case or kidnapping gone wrong. A case has been filed against unknown persons,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448414", "title": "\u2018Minorities neglected in budget\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of Muslim activists has \"thanked\" the state for \"neglecting\" the minorities in the budget of 2012-2013.The activists said the Congress-NCP government would have to pay the price for not allocating adequate funds for minorities, especially Muslims. They said they would soon launch a campaign against the government for \"gross negligence. \"Muslims account for 13% of the state population. Yet the government has ignored us,\" said activist Salim Alware.However, minister for minority development Naseem Khan said: \"Rs 275 crore has been allocated for the existing schemes for minority development and Rs 100 crore will be added for the four new schemes announced in the budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449603", "title": "Sion youth latest swine flu case in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old male from Sion with a travel history to Pune is the latest to test positive for H1N1 in the city. This has taken the toll of positive cases to six in the city in less than ten days.Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said that the Sion resident had travelled to Pune two weeks ago. \"He came to the hospital with a history of fever and cold last week. His samples were collected and the report has come positive now,\" he said. He added that the patient did not require any hospital care.Bandivadekar also said that by the time the patient was put on Tamiflu, he had already recovered from fever and cold. This substantiates what experts have also been explaining as the classic behaviour of influenza viruses. According to the director of Haffkine Research Institute , Dr Abhay Chaudhary, \"Influenza, in most of the cases , is self-limiting . Whether or not one takes the anti-viral , he/she should recover. If there are associated ailments, one has to be cautious,\" he said.Experts have also cautioned that children and elderly people should be more alert as in the post-pandemic phase, they remain the most vulnerable. This is opposed to the behaviour of the virus in the pandemic phase, when it attacks those with a stronger immune system. Of the six cases so far, one is a child and three are in their 50s.Observations based on the trend of positivity in Pune have also shown that more children and non-working population are coming in contact with the virus this year. Joint director of Directorate of Medical and Research (DMER) Dr Pravin Shingare said \"We are seeing more positive cases in women and children this year, though initially it was the working population that was getting majorly affected,\" he said.The state has also sanctioned Rs 1 crore for Pune's Sassoon General Hospital to strengthen its ICUs. Experts are flummoxed by the behaviour of the virus in Pune, where it has killed people as opposed to Mumbai, where it is almost as benign as the common flu. To this, Shingare said, \"In Pune, people who have succumbed to H1N1 had some morbid condition or the other,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449011", "title": "Guindy engineering student ends life over failed love", "text": "CHENNAI: A third-year engineering student, who aced his school board examinations after being rescued as a child worker at the age of eight, committed suicide in his hostel room at the Guindy College of Engineering, Anna University, here on Tuesday.Police said 21-year-old S Manivannan, a BE (electronics and communications engineering) student from Papireddy Patti in Dharmapuri district, used a dhoti to hang himself from the ceiling fan in his room.An investigating officer said a preliminary probe indicated that Manivannan, who scored 461 out of 500 in Class 10 and 1,159 out of 1,200 in Class 12, had been depressed for the past few months and drank liquor every day. \"He fell in love with a girl but apparently his feelings were not reciprocated,\" the officer said.Police said fellow students found him hanging at 4.30pm on Tuesday. They informed hostel warden Sheik Mansur, who called the police. The Kotturpuram police recovered the body and sent it to the Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy.\"We found that 105 missed calls had been made to his cellphone after 10am on Tuesday,\" the officer said. \"He probably committed suicide several hours before students found his body.\" Police found empty liquor bottles in the room on the first floor, in which Manivannan stayed alone after three roommates moved out due to his drinking. They also found several pages of poetry about the girl he loved. \"His classmates said he started drinking regularly only late last year,\" he said. \"He became withdrawn and stayed indoors most of the time. He had few friends in the college and hostel.\"Manivannan, who wanted to become an IAS officer , became well known among people in Dharmapuri after he was rescued from a farm by Apoorva in 1999 and went on to perform brilliantly in academics. Relatives said Manivannan's family members pinned hopes on him after his father deserted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448308", "title": "Yeddyurappa takes on chief minister yet again", "text": "BANGALORE: After the unsuccessful visit to New Delhi, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is now busy mobilizing breakfast politics for BJP legislators.Taking chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa head-on, Yeddyurappa will host breakfast for legislators at his residence on Friday. \"It's customary for the chief minister to call for the legislature party meeting before the start of legislature session and host a tea for them when the session ends. Gowda has done neither. So Yeddyurappa is doing it,\" a minister close to the former chief minister said on Wednesday.According to Yeddyurappa's loyalists, no political significance should be attached to the breakfast meeting in the light of the high command issuing a gag order on both factions. Breakfast politics is being perceived as a get-together and regrouping of Yeddyurappa followers a day before a rally in Shimoga to felicitate him.Meanwhile, MLCs - G Madhusudhan, PV Krishna Bhat, Shivayogi Swamy and Narayan Sa Bandage - met party leaders in the capital and asked them to resolve the crisis quickly. The Eshwarappa-Gowda combine reportedly sent these emissaries to New Delhi. Though Belur Gopalakrishna, MLA in the BSY camp, said some 20 MLAs were ready to go Delhi, Yeddyurappa reportedly told them not to go ahead with this mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448696", "title": "Report suggests ways to manage water resources", "text": "PUNE: Climate change presents a unique opportunity to revisit our plans to develop and manage water resources, besides helping frame policies and practices, says a report titled 'water sector options for India in a changing climate,' published recently by South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP).The SANDRP is an informal network that works on issues related to rivers, large dams and their impacts, sustainability and governance. The report provides options for coping with climate change and mitigating its negative effects, besides discussing challenges in managing water resources.The study is based on community initiatives taken up across the countryThe report cites examples of Hiware Bazar in Maharashtra which displayed efficiency in rainwater harvesting in local water systems to ensure groundwater recharge; Bhandara Nisarga va Sanskrutik Abhyas Mandal which worked closely with government committees on tank revitalisation and bringing the local perspective on board; and Ralegaon Siddhi for retaining rainwater.Parineeta Dandekar, associate coordinator of SANDRP, Pune, told TOI that there were methods to cope local changes on a small scale and these community-based initiatives were the best examples. Large hydro electric power dam or irrigation dam is not an answer to climate change, she added.Himanshu Thakkar, coordinator SANDRP, said that groundwater is India's lifeline. In the context of climate change, groundwater demand, use and recharge will be affected leading to further depletion of groundwater levels.Urgent action is required to protect existing groundwater recharge systems, to create more groundwater recharge systems, reduce groundwater use by adopting appropriate cropping patterns, cropping methods, and take up regulatory system.The report cites an example of the impact of crops in the changing climate scenario. Itstates that changing weather patterns are affecting cultivation cycles on 444,790 acres of grape farms in Maharashtra. It quotes Mahendra Sahir, president of the Maharashtra State Grape Growers' Association, who says rainfall in November for the last three to four years has delayed pruning and thus harvesting, making it increasingly difficult to meet deadlines for supplies of grapes to the European Union .Thakkar said that some of the sections of Indian population that were most vulnerable to the impact of climate change in the context of water and agriculture, included farmers dependent on rain-fed agriculture, coastal populations, communities from Himalayas , eastern and western ghats, fisher-folks, tribals, dalits, rural populations, urban poor and women. Any climate action needs to begin with identifying and listing such sections and then proceeding to prepare plans in a participatory way for its mitigation, he said.The report said that the approach for revamped water management strategy in changing climate would need to include a protection strategy for rivers, forests, wetlands, water bodies, biodiversity, critical ecological habitats and groundwater reserves, as well as demand side management measures, along with a definition of the clear linkages between these domains.According to Thakkar, the opportunities provided by climate change were still within reach. India, with the world's largest water infrastructure, also has the biggest performance deficit in terms of what that infrastructure can deliver and what it was delivering now. However, he pointed out that India's national action plan for climate change, or the national agriculture and water missions do not take this first crucial step and hence have remained directionless, ineffective and have not inspired much confidence.The report will be submitted to departments concerned, local bodies and civil society organizations to take up the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448174", "title": "City club gets notice over appointment of directors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The union ministry of corporate affairs has slapped a show-cause notice to Karnavati Club management over appointment of two non-retiring directors.The ministry has temporarily withdrawn approvals granted for appointing Pankaj Patel , chairman and managing director, Zydus Cadilla and Pranav Adani, managing director Adani Wilmar, as non-retiring directors during the club elections held last year.However, Natu Patel and Pravin Patel of Parth Masala alleged that the election was eyewash and complained to the registrar of companies (ROC).According to the notice, the appointment of Patel and Adani has been cancelled till further orders due to ongoing inquires on complaints against the club management complaints with ROC's Ahmedabad office.\"The Central Government granted approval for appointment Patel and Adani as non-retiring directors. However, it was subsequently found that complaints against management of the club were already under examination... These facts, however, were not known at the time of granting approval...Now, it is proposed to withdraw the approval till the report on the affairs of the company is received and examined at the conclusion of the inquiry,\" according to the notice.\"Elections at the club were rigged. We have challenged the appointment of eight other permanent directors who were elected during elections which were held only on paper,\" said Pravin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447950", "title": "State changed game to favour multi-national corporation: MLA Devendra Fadnavis", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis on Wednesday accused the state government of slashing tax on semi-processed and ready-to-cook food items to favour private players, especially a leading multi-national corporation (MNC), in the food sector.Participating in a discussion in the legislative assembly, Fadnavis said the blamed a private food and beverage company will profit from the state government's budget proposal to curtail the tax on semi-processed and ready-to-cook food items from 12.5% to 5%. The proposal has been made in the 2012-13 budget which finance minister Ajit Pawar presented to the state legislature on Monday.Fadnavis's allegation sent shock waves through Vidhan Sabha as the Nagpur-based MLA is seen as a no-nonsense legislator who always backs his charges against the treasury benches with hard facts.\"Pepsi has huge stakes in the food sector. There are other private players in the sector. The finance minister's decision to curtail tax on semi-processed food and ready-to-cook items has been taken deliberately to favor Pepsi,\" Fadnavis alleged.Striking yet another blow to the ruling Congress-NCP combine, Fadnavis alleged that the latest unopposed Rajya Sabha election was facilitated because of the withdrawal of one candidate. Alleging that there was quid pro quo as the candidate has struck a deal with the ruling combine, Fadnavis alleged, \"The candidate stands to gain from the government's proposed water transport project.\"Meanwhile, leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse (BJP), who had initiated the debate, alleged that there are no funds in the government's kitty and therefore the schemes announced by it remain only on paper. \"Government has a huge loan to repay. There is no fiscal discipline in the state and it is leading the state towards bankruptcy,\" Khadse said.According to the state budget, of the total revenue of state, little more over 63% is spent on administrative expenses.Launching a scathing attack on the government, Khadse said that even after spending Rs 70,000 crore on irrigation, there is no significant change in the irrigation scenario in the state. in the irrigation scenario of the Maharashtra.\"Where has the money spent by the government gone,\" he asked.The debate was inconclusive and will continue on Wednesday. The discussion will be wrapped up by an official reply by the finance minister on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12451968", "title": "Rani Mukerji to play Begum Samru", "text": "The success of Paan Singh Tomar hasn't satiated director Tigmanshu Dhulia's appetite for biopics.This time around, he will tackle a biopic set in medieval times on Begum Joanna Nobilis Sombre (1753-1836), popularly known as Begum Samru, who started off as a nautch girl in 18th century India, eventually becoming the ruler of Sardhana, a principality near Meerut.Importantly, Rani Mukerji has been pencilled in for the role.A source close to the project revealed to Mirror, \"Last week, Tigmanshu had a long meeting with Rani at her office in Juhu. She loved the role and agreed in principle.\"Asked why Tigmanshu selected Rani, the source said, \"The role is tailor made for Rani. Tigmanshu wanted someone who can hold the film on her own.\"The modalities are being worked out. \"Rani loves Tigmanshu's style of filmmaking. He is soon going to go for a recce,\" added the source.So, if all goes well, Rani will start working on Tigmanshu's next sometime later this year.About Begum Samru:Begum Samru, who started her career as a Nautch girl in 18th Century India, eventually became the ruler of Sardhana, a principality near Meerut. She played a critical role in the political struggle in 18th and 19th century India. She was the head of a professionally trained mercenary army, inherited from her European husband, Walter Reinhardt Sombre.This army consisted of Europeans and Indians. Significantly, Begum Samru is also regarded as the only Catholic Ruler in India. She died immensely rich at the age of 90. Her inheritance was assessed as approximately 55.5 Million Gold Mark in 1923 and 18 Billion Deutsch Mark in 1953. Many stories and novels have been written on her political and diplomatic astuteness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448079", "title": "Govt assures HC to raze Porvorim illegal structure", "text": "PANAJI: The state government recently assured the high court of Bombay at Goa that an illegal construction at PDA colony in Porvrorim will be demolished within four weeks.Flora Heredia and three others-residents of the colony-had approached the high court seeking the demolition of an illegal construction of a religious structure on a public place designated for a market in the colony.In May 2011, the petitioners noticed construction activity at the site and they filed complaints before the authorities. In the complaint, it was pointed out that an illegal construction was under way on a public place reserved for a market. The structure was constructed without permission from any authority considering the fact that the same is in a space reserved for a market, and besides, is in violation of the existing building laws, the petitioners pointed out.The petitioners stated that they had filed their complaints with the authorities against the structure . However, no action was taken, the petitioners alleged. The petitioner also pointed out that the state government had issued a circular dated February 15, 2010, to all authorities with regard to the survey/identification and action to be taken in regard to any illegal/unauthorized religious structures in public spaces .During the hearing of the case, the government advocate informed the court that the construction would be demolished within a period of four weeks. The village panchayat also assured the court that they will not interfere with the demolition work.The high court observed that the petitioner sought the performance of statutory duty by the authorities and the petition is disposed of in view of the statement made by the government advocate on instructions from the Bardez mamlatdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447504", "title": "Class XII maths paper cancelled in Bareilly", "text": "LUCKNOW: The secondary education department on Wednesday cancelled the Class XII Mathematics-II examination in Bareilly after the District Inspector of Schools (DIOS) found that the question paper was leaked.Confirming the paper leak, director, secondary education department, Basudev Yadav, said, \"We have cancelled the examination due to the paper leak. All students who took the Mathematics-II examination in Bareilly district will soon be given a fresh examination date. The district police are already investigating the matter and we will take strict action against the culprits.\"The examination was cancelled after Bareilly DIOS Rakesh Kumar raided a photocopy shop where he found photocopies of the question paper along with answers.The photocopies had handwritten questions. The DIOS in the presence of DM Subash Chandra took out the photocopies to the Government Inter College and compared it with the original question paper. Nearly 40 questions (out of 50) in the leaked paper matched with the original question paper. Kumar said, \"We had received the photocopies of the hand written question paper. When we took it to a college, the questions in that paper matched with the original question paper. I recommended the cancellation of the paper immediately.\"As per the officials, the photocopies of the question paper were being sold almost one and half hours before the exam (scheduled from 2pm to 5.15pm) at the photocopies shop. Someone had left a copy of the paper at DM's office. Immediately, DM contacted the DIOS and the duo swung into action.Sources, however, said that smuggling of question papers out of the centres and getting them solved at coaching institutes before slipping them back to the students in the exam halls is an old practice. Copying nowadays is being done on a 'contract basis', with college managements making full arrangements for copying inside the examination hall, for entire batches. On Tuesday, a class X boy in Gonda had recorded the \"cheating act\" of an invigilator, who exhorted money from the students promising them success.Having failed to pay the money, the boy had carried out the sting operation while he was appearing in the social science examination. When asked to comment on this, Yadav said, \"We have asked the DIOS to take strict action against the erring invigilator.\"UP Secondary Education Teachers' Association has demanded an immediate probe. \"The cheating takes place in a planned way not only in Bareilly, but also in other districts. Instead of taking strict action against the culprits, the board officials become party to it. We request the government to probe the matter in the interest of students,\" said R P Mishra, state secretary, Secondary Education Teachers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448114", "title": "No action against Railway Protection Force men irks HC", "text": "MUMBAI: \"You are thick-skinned people,\" the Bombay high court told Central Railway (CR) on Wednesday even as it lambasted it for not taking action against RPF personnel involved in the fake rail bail bond scam at Kurla station.Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a PIL filed by the Railway Suburban Passengers Association.The petition stating that RPF officials posted at Kurla station in 2008-09 booked commuters for trespassing and crossing railway tracks and released them on fake cash bail bonds and misappropriated the money.In August 2011, the HC handed over the probe to the CBI. The petitioner's counsel Jamshed Cama and advocate Rajiv Singh argued that despite the CBI forwarding 20 names, none of the RPF personnel involved have been suspended. To a query from the court whether there is corruption in the railway, Cama replied, \"RPF officials are the biggest crooks. There are hundreds of these cases. It cannot happen without complicity of officials.\"The judges then observed that corruption in the system is like cancer. The judges said the courts were flooded with scam cases. \"Give us one institution where things are in order. RPF is the Railway Destruction Force because here instead of protecting the railways they are enriching themselves,\" said Justice Majmudar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12448881", "title": "South-western railway reschedules train timings", "text": "HUBLI: Three empty oil tankers of a goods train derailed on Tuesday night, between Ballakere and Devanur stations on Arsikere-Birur section of Mysore division of South-western railway.The section is re-opened for traffic at 06-50 am on Wednesday. As a result of the derailment, train number 16560 Yeshwantpur-Mysore Daily Express, 56913 Bangalore-Hubli passenger, 16557 Mysore-Bangalore Rajya Rani Express, 56227 Bangalore-Shimoga Town Passenger, 56902 Hubli-Dharwad Passenger and 56907 Dharwad-Hubli Passenger trains have been cancelled, due to late running of some trains.Train number 12725 Bangalore-Dharwad Intercity Express is partially cancelled between Bangalore and Birur stations, 16589 Bangalore-Kolhapur Ranichennamma Express which left Bangalore on March 27 is partially cancelled between Belgaum-Miraj-Kolhapur stations on Wednesday. Train number 16590 Kolhapur-Bangalore Ranichennamma Express leaving Kolhapur on March 28 is partially cancelled between Kolhapur-Miraj-Belgaum stations.Train number.17301 Mysore-Dharwad Express, which left Mysore on March 27 is partially cancelled between Hubli-Dharwad on Wednesday. Train number 17302 Dharwad-Mysore Express leaving Dharwad on Wednesday is partially cancelled between Dharwad and Hubli stations. Train number 56909/56910 Bangalore/Chikjajur-Hospet-Chikjajur/Bangalore Passenger is partially cancelled between Bellary-Hospet-Bellary stations.Train number 56213 Chamarajanagar-Tirupati Passenger is partially cancelled between Chamarajanagar and Mysore stations, 17303 Mysore-Yesvantpur express scheduled to leave Mysore on Wednesday at 12-10 pmis rescheduled to leave Mysore at 4pm. 22681 Mysore-Chennai weekly express scheduled to leave Mysore on Wednesday at 8-10pm is rescheduled to leave Mysore at 11pm. 17307 Yeshwantpur-Bagalkot Express to be rescheduled duly watching arrival of 17303 Mysore-Yeshwantpur Express from Mysore. Train number 16589 Bangalore-Kolhapur Ranichennamma Express to be rescheduled duly watching incoming rake of Train number.16590 Kolhapur-Bangalore Ranichennamma Express which left Kolhapur on March 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448471", "title": "Kerala seafood exports: Centre says 'freeze'", "text": "KOCHI: Seafood exports for the European Union are headed for murky waters if the Exports Inspection Council of India's latest initiative is any indication.In a notification issued on March 15 and effective the same day, the EIA has said that fishing vessels who have not registered with EIAs (Export Inspection Agency) in their respective states will not be granted health certificates or permits to export to the EU.Kerala fishermen and exporters are on the warpath against the move as not a single one of the state's fleet of 5,500 mechanised is registered with the EIA. Neither are the four-odd landing harbours on the state's coastline. An official of the Marine Products Export Development Authority (MPEDA) declined to comment on the development, saying that talks to resolve the issue between exporters and the EIC are on.However, exporters said though coming into effect from March 15, the EIA has agreed to keep it in abeyance till it hears the views of exporters and boat owners in the next few weeks. EU is the second largest market for India's marine exports after South East Asia with a share of 22.02%, followed by US with 19.17%, Japan at 14.09% and China at 7.06%.\"Registering these boats will be a lengthy, if not tortuous process, as a lot of awareness has to be generated and this would take time. As for harbours and landing centres, just two of them have provisional approval while the rest do not conform to EU standards of hygiene and packing to ensure safety from contamination. The seafood industry in Kerala has been caught unawares by this notification and is tormented by what lies ahead for exports from our shores,\" said Anwar Hashim, managing director, Abad Fisheries, and former president of the Seafood Exporters Association of India.He said that while Kerala's shrimp exports are largely landed in US and Japan, the EU is the primary market for cuttlefish and squid exports. \"A similar notification was issued last year. In our talks with EIC then, our understanding was that EIC's proposed inspections for ensuring hygiene at the landing centres and proper decontamination facilities would not be linked to the issue of registrations. Unfortunately, that is what seems to be happening. I hope they are aware of the disastrous impact of their notification on fishermen and the industry,\" Hashim said.Exporters have pointed out that the issue is beyond their control as fishing harbours are owned by the government which should take action on ensuring hygiene at the landing centres. However, a boating agent supplying to leading marine exporters, felt that the EIC move would standardize procurement and exports of marine products and ensure hygiene and health practices would get firmer control at the hands of a centralized agency.\"Earlier, the appropriate authorities for registering fishing vessels and harbours were the fisheries departments of different states, or the Directorate of Shipping or the MPEDA itself. The EIC's move to make the EIAs the single-point registration authority is welcome,\" he said.Seafood from Kerala fetched over Rs 2,000 crore of India's estimated Rs 17,000 crore worth of exports in fiscal 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448223", "title": "Cops request registrar to ensure their safety in courts", "text": "BANGALORE: City police have sought the intervention of Registrar of Civil Courts to ensure safety of police personnel who are deputed on court duty in the city. This follows the attack on a head constable and a woman constable by a group of advocates at the Magistrate court complex on Tuesday evening.According to senior police officials, there was growing apprehension among the police personnel that they might be attacked again in future. \"We are forced to write this letter because of the low morale among the constabulary and lower level officers who attend court duty, some of them witnesses in criminal cases. Tuesday's incident need not be an isolated one. We found that the advocates might indulge in attacks on police personnel in the court complexes, especially in the subordinate courts.\"They feel that recurrence of such incidents may make policemen shunning court duty. \"This will create a vacuum in the criminal justice system as warrants and summons on criminals and others will keep piling up as policemen will refuse to receive these documents from the courts. We do not want such a situation and the letter was written in public interest,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, Ulsoorgate police arrested one of the accused advocates in Tuesday's attack on head constable Govindaraju and woman constable Roopa from Women police station at Ulsoorgate police station. He has been identified as R Manjunath alias Kencha Manja from Yelahanka. Another accused advocate Vishwanath from Vijayanagar escaped when the police tried to nab him.\"There were as many as 25-30 advocates who attacked the police personnel while they were producing an accused in a dowry harassment case before the VI Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate. We found many of them have left the city,'' said a police officer.AAB issues showcause notice: The Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) has issued showcause notice to six advocates seeking their explanation as to why they cannot be suspended from the association for Tuesday's attack. The six -- R Manjunath, Venkatesh, Jagadish, Vishwanath, Harish and Ananth -- were asked to give their reply within seven days from Wednesday.The notice was issued after an emergency meeting of AAB's governing council. The meeting has also decided to approach the Bar Council to cancel the licence of advocates, who were found bringing down the prestige of AAB and those who were trying to provoke others, an official release from the AAB president KN Subba Reddy stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chamarajanagar", "code": "12448819", "title": "Dogs maul young stag to death", "text": "CHAMARAJANAGAR: In a heart-rending incident, a pack of dogs mauled a young stag to death near Honganuru village, 12 km from here, on Wednesday.Even though passersby, inluding a milkman, tried to stop the dogs from attacking the stag, their efforts went futile. P Mahesh, the milkman and three of his friends, were on their way to work, when the incident occurred. \"We were shocked to see the stray dogs chasing an injured deer near Milk Producers' Co-operative Society during the daybreak. But by the time we shooed them away, the dogs had bitten the deer badly,\" said Mahesh.Mahesh told TOI that the deer was severely bitten when it accidentally fell into a pit. The villagers took the stag, severely injured in stomach and legs, to the Society for first-aid. But before they could provide it better medical care, the stag succumbed to injuries, around 8am.Mahesh accused the forest officials of arriving late \"in spite of being alerted as early as 5.45am\". The deer could have been saved had it got proper treatment in time, Mahesh added.Honganuru village is 15km away from K Gudi forest, and villagers say they usually spot wild boars in the wee hours. According to them, this is the first time that a deer has strayed into the village.K Gudi range forest officer A A Khan said the 6-month-old deer may have strayed into the farmland on the fringes of the forest.The stag will be buried in K Gudi forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "12448648", "title": "Jaspal\u2019s dreams are made up of different recipes", "text": "BASANT AVENUE: It is people like Jaspal Singh, 26, in which the hospitality industry of the city finds a hope. Having recently started his restaurant and bar, Folk Street, in Sarabha Nagar market, the young entrepreneur now has plans of setting up a discotheque in the city.''I always wanted to do something on my own and this was the reason behind choosing to leave the family business of jewellery and float my own venture. I consider food industry to be the best for my interest and it had to be a restaurant to begin with,'' says Jaspal.Once done with his graduation, he chose to not walk on the pre-decided path of taking over the family business under the guidance of his father. But, Jaspal made sure he doesn't blindly take up a project just to face initial hick ups and worked out a proper business plan before materializing his goal. ''Being fond of travelling, I have been to a lot of places in the country and abroad. And I made it a point to enjoy the food of all the places I visited. This helped me with my business plan as I could choose the best from both the worlds in terms of setting up the place and offering a varied menu,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448032", "title": "Panchayat poll date on hold as govt speeds up works", "text": "PANAJI: Even though May 16, 2012, has been finalized as the likely date for the elections to the village panchayats in Goa, it appears that the government is deliberately not declaring the date. Official sources told TOI that this is to avoid the code of conduct coming into force so that much-needed developmental works can be completed before the monsoons.Official sources said that the new panchayat bodies have to be in place by May 19, 2012. Officially, the government needs to issue the notification declaring the date of elections just one month prior to the elections.Official sources said that according to a high court ruling, once the government issues the notification declaring the date of elections, the code of conduct immediately comes into force. This prevents the government from undertaking any development work in the state. With Goa having just come out of the code of conduct of the recently-concluded assembly elections, the government is keen on doing some much-needed infrastructural works before another code of conduct blocks development works. BJP at a meeting held on Tuesday, reviewed its plans to take control of most of the panchayats. Their leaders have agreed to the proposal of holding the election on May 16, sources said.The government has just presented its budget for the state and it needs whatever time it can get to initiate some much-needed works. Also, the government is aware that once the monsoons set in around late May, development work will be held up. \"The government is playing it safe. Even if they declare the date now, it can change due to various reasons. They will declare the date just a month prior to the actual date,\" official sources said.The directorate of panchayats has issued a notification for the delimitation of wards in 185 panchayatsPeople's expectations are high after the new government has been sworn in. The last five years were a lost cause as far as development work is concerned for the state. Time should not be lost in taking up critical work on a priority and panchayat elections should not come in the way. If the government misses the bus now, the next excuse will be the monsoons, and work will be postponed further. Surely, chief minister Manohar Parrikar is aware of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447663", "title": "Railways lodges FIR against four fake press persons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways will now lodge an FIR against four 'press' persons whose cards were sent for verification to the department of information.On Tuesday, four accreditation cards, held by so-called press persons, were caught by railways. The department of information, on Wednesday, said the cards were not issued by it.Both the press cards and the letter of the information department were found to be fake.The cards were held by Mahendra Pratap from Urja Times, Himanshu Vishwakarma from Janjagran, Arvind Kumar Singh from Janglehar and Abdul Kareem from Janglehar Times.The card holders were drawing concessions from railways on the fake cards. The railways issues cards to accredited journalists by way of which they can avail concessional travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12450019", "title": "Soft drink maker to be dragged to court by techie?", "text": "GURGAON: Thirty-three-year-old Gurgaon-based IT professional, Shipra Seth, whose number was printed by a soft drink manufacturer as actress Katrina Kaif's number, has decided to move court against the company. Her pleas to have the number removed from the Slice label and to recall the entire batch of soft drink bottles that have her number printed have fallen on deaf ears of the company who has so far not bothered to respond, claimed the techie and her husaband, who are now planning to sue the soft drink maker in court.Meanwhile, a spokesperson from Slice maintained that it has been brought to their notice by a consumer that her number has been erroneously printed under the label of a Slice bottle as part of the on-going 'Katrina Ka Number Label Ke Under' promotion. \"We have already initiated action to resolve the issue at the earliest. We regret the inconvenience caused to our consumers\" said the Slice spoke person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448853", "title": "HSBC faces action for being conduit for stashed Swiss cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department is said to be mulling prosecution against HSBC for allegedly being the conduit for Indians in stashing money abroad.The department, which had received more than 700 names in a list of black money account holders in HSBC in Geneva reportedly provided by the French government, has approached the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) in this regard, sources said.The I-T department is believed to have recommended that action may be initiated against the bank under the provisions of I-T Act relating to abetment of false I-T returns, concealment of income to thwart tax recovery, sources said.The department, set to begin prosecution of cases against a certain number of account holders on this list, has sent a communication in this regard to the CBDT. When contacted, HSBC officials refused to comment. The CBDT, the sources said, has now asked for an opinion from both the law and external affairs ministry pertaining to the possible action against the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12447921", "title": "Old Goa police nab St Cruz man for murdering his father", "text": "PANAJI: Old Goa police on Monday arrested Ashok Jadhav, 30, a resident of Band, St Cruz, for murdering his 65-year-old father, Lingappa.The police said that Jadhav assaulted his bedridden father and later also quarrelled with his mother Indira over an issue involving his dinner and assaulted her too. The mother then rushed to call the neighbors, during which time the accused allegedly smothered his father, killing him. A postmortem confirmed that Lingappa had died due to asphyxia.The accused was then examined by the doctors at the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, who certified him as mentally ill and referred him to the Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour ( IPHB), Bambolim, where he is now admitted. The police arrested the accused under Sections 323 and 302 of the IPC. Old Goa PSI Suraj Samant is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447693", "title": "CBI: Antony's statement crucial for bribery case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is taking a 'pro-active approach' in General V K Singh's allegation of bribery, and may call defence minister A K Antony as a witness in view of his statement, where he confirmed that the Army chief had told him about the pay-off offer.Sources said that Antony may be called in as a witness in the Army chief bribery case and record his statement after registering a preliminary enquiry or regular case.Gen Singh had claimed that he had informed Antony about the bribe offer made to him, a claim corroborated by the minister in Parliament. Sources said, Singh has told the CBI that he would file a written complaint by March 30 (Friday), and that he has hard evidence to back his claim.Sources also claimed that Antony's statement could be crucial as a witness in the matter as Singh told him about the attempt to bribe him immediately after he was allegedly approached by the former chief of Defence Intelligence Agency (DIA), Lt General (retired) Tejender Singh.The claim assumes significance in the light of the statement of one of his sympathizers, retired Col R S N Singh that the bribery offer was captured on tape.The CBI has also asked the ministry of defence to keep the files related to Tatra trucks deal ready as it may call for them soon, and also register a separate case in the deal, say sources. Officials said they will register an FIR against specific individuals, if Gen Singh mentions names in his complaint on Friday.Sources also said that various television channels which had aired Singh's interview as well as the one which had interviewed him have been requested to submit their tapes to the CBI. Gen Singh had claimed in the interview that a former Lt Gen had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore.The Army Chief did not name the make of the vehicles, but in a press release issued by the Army on March 5, there is reference to retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh, who was accused of offering a bribe on behalf of Tatra and Vectra Limited that supply vehicles to defence PSU BEML .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449739", "title": "\u2018Schools can\u2019t scrap Hindi as 3rd language\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Just last year, nonstate board schools and the government were at loggerheads over the 'three-subject formula' , which the government said was compulsory to be implemented in every school in the state. Therefore, the recent proposal by the Maharashtra State Council of Educational Research and Training (MSCERT) to discontinue the third language of Hindi in Marathi medium schools came as a shocker to many in the ongoing state assembly session.Experts told TOI that constitutionally , this proposal cannot be approved and the issue was raised in the assembly by Kapil Patil from Shikshak Bharti on Tuesday. \"One cannot disregard the importance of languages in education; especially a language which is of national importance. When he presented our case to the assembly, everybody agreed that the three-language formula should be followed,\" said Patil. The three-language formula expects schools to accommodate English, Hindi and the regional language, in our case Marathi, as compulsory languages for students from class I to VIII.The proposal by MSCERT says the third language (Hindi ) in Marathi medium schools should be dropped for classes V to VIII. \"While students will lose out on learning the nuances of a beautiful language, thousands of teachers will be unemployed if this proposal is passed,\"added Patil. He also added that many teachers are already complaining about students in English medium schools not paying attention to second and third languages, especially after the introduction of the best-five policy.\"Students have started faring badly in languages because in SSC, they are allowed to drop any subject, and students tend to drop either Hindi or Marathi paper,\" said a teacher of a suburban school.\"Hindi and English are accepted nationally but students fail to see the importance of any other language other than English,\" said Uma Dhere, a moderator of Hindi (SSC) and a teacher from Hansraj Morarji Public High School. The issue will be raised in the assembly again next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452430", "title": "Journey of Indian dance by Gauri Jog", "text": "Gauri Jog, renowned Indian dancer and teacher staged their annual show \"Journey of Indian Dance (Kathak Yatra) at Prairie Center for the Arts at Schaumburg, IL .The show was another example of professionalism and creativity of Gauri Jog who has been running her not for profit dance school, Indian Dance School in Chicago area for the past 12 years.The concept of this program was to depict the transformation of this beautiful dance form from its ancient form of art depicting Indian mythology and scriptures to its present state of dance with contemporary themes. Audience got the opportunity to see Kathak dance in its pure classical form to Kathak as used in Bollywood films today. Every dance presented in this program depicted distinct aspects of Kathak in varying proportions like Amad is a dramatic entry of the dancer on the stage, Thaat (a slow and graceful section), Todas, Tukra and Paran (in which dancer continuously improvises on given composition), Parhant (rhythmic light steps) and Tatkar which is strong footwork. In general dancers will have to build good skills in Nritya which is pure dance and Natya which is miming or acting, said Kaitlyn Millner, who attended the program.The program started with full house with traditional Ganesh Vandana, a prayer to Lord Ganesha to seek his blessings. Then there were series of dances to depict the stories from great epics of Ramayana and Mahabharata. In the first dance they showed naughty pranks Lord Krishna as a child &amp; a teaser of Gopis in Vrindavan. In the second dance they showed the story of Dashavatar (ten incarnations of Lord Vishnu). In yet another dance the story of Lord Rama as a young boy was depicted using popular song \"Thumak Chalat\". The audience gave a big applause for small girls dancing Thumak Chalat with extra ordinary energy. Indian dance school currently has students learning from as early as four years old.In yet another classical series, four dances were presented using Thumri, Sargam, Tarana and Chatrang. Chatrang which represented four aspects of Kathak namely Paran, Expression, Sargam and Palte was performed by senior students of Indian Dance School with grace and energy.Gauri Jog lived up to her expectation of presenting something new in her every new Kathak ballet. This time they presented their new dance Kathak using basketball . This was widely appreciated by the audience. In the past students of Indian Dance School have done fusion with many dance styles including Bharatnatyam, Odissi, Flamenco and American Ballet. Gauri Jog has evolved a unique style to combine classical, Bollywood, folk and yoga to satisfy all those looking to learn multiple dance styles and benefit from them. I always challenge myself and my students to do something different and that is how such programs are born, said Gauri.The centerpiece of the program was Trivat dance performed by Gauri Jog and Isha Jog invoked big applause which showed absolute coordination between the dancers while performing on Bols, Sargam and Kavit. There are many mother daughter combinations learning dance together at Indian Dance School and it is perhaps best time spent with my daughter to build ever lasting relationship, one woman said. The program also featured \"Mujra\" to represent how Kathak was transformed during Mughal empire in India as a form of entertainment. The program ended with a Gypsy dance performed by young and aspiring students of Gauri jog. This dance composition was inspired by Rajasthani folk music.This program certainly entertained and educated many who were attending Indian Dance program for the first time. It also showed creative potential of Gauri Jog who has been practicing Kathak for the past 35 years. She emphasized on the fact that many parents expect their kids to go and perform on stage after enrolling in dance school for few months. This is not correct. Dance is journey and you can only become good dancer by following meditation, hard work and passion, she said. I am so happy to see many of our students who follow this art form with passion and spend time learning new techniques instead of spending time on Facebook and computers, she said.Gauri Jog also teaches Kathak online to large number of students even from India. Her website http://www.gaurijog.com has invaluable information about this dance style and includes all the research she has done for the last 30 years. She has produced finest ballets such as Shakuntala, Fire - the Fiery Take, East Meets West and Jhansi Ki Rani, Olympics, Ramayana to name few. They have so far performed more than 2000 dances in North America and have certainly built a reputation for professionalism, creativity and hard work. This is perhaps the reason her shows are sold out as soon as they are announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448254", "title": "Pay property tax, get rebate", "text": "BANGALORE: Come April 1 and BBMP will start collecting property tax for 2012-13. Property owners can avail 5% rebate on the tax if they pay before April 30.Debit or credit cards can be used for payment. One can also pay online by logging on to http//www.bbmp.gov.inTax can be paid at all BangaloreOne centres and BBMP help centres. Receipts will be issued immediately if the amount is less than Rs 15,000; if paid in cash or cheque; through demand draft or pay order. For amount exceeding Rs 15,000, receipts will be issued only after encashment of cheques.May 30 is the last date to pay tax for the first half and November 29 for second half. Rebate will not be available for those who pay tax in two installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448213", "title": "PM, Hu Jintao to kick off year-long bilateral friendship today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trying to overcome the perception of strained ties and mutual mistrust, Indian and Chinese leaders will flag off a year-long celebration of friendship and cooperation when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh meets Chinese President Hu Jintao on Thursday evening.The most eagerly awaited bilateral meeting between the two Asian leaders will end with them lighting a lamp to start the celebrations that are likely to include economic and cultural interaction, and exchanges throughout this year. Hu arrived on Wednesday evening, accompanied by foreign minister Yang Jiechi, special envoy Dai Bingguo and a host of senior business people.The government has also \"counseled\" Tibetan refugee groups to refrain from self-immolation bids in the national Capital during the BRICS summit because it diminishes the \"Indian government, Prime Minister and the Indian people\". The communication was made to the Tibetan groups after Jamphel Yeshi, a Tibetan activist, set himself ablaze during a protest against the Chinese President's visit. Yeshi died on Wednesday morning with 98% burns.Government representatives told Tibetan groups that setting themselves on fire in India would not achieve much more than embarrassing India - their host country -rather than China, their country of origin. Tibetans have been setting themselves alight in the Tibetan provinces of China for the past few months, an occurrence that has invited the wrath of Bejining.This is Hu's last visit as Chinese president as he is expected to step down in favour of Xi Jinping later this year. The meeting is likely to only touch on the difficult areas of the relationship, particularly security, trans-border rivers, market access for Indian companies etc. Singh and Hu, or even the Chinese premier Wen Jiabao now meet so often at multi-lateral events that officials say there is little that the two leaders haven't already talked about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447728", "title": "Western Coalfields Limited mines suffer cost overrun of Rs 2,000cr", "text": "NAGPUR: The coal mining projects of Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) have seen cost escalations of over Rs 2,000 crore. Thuis would lead to higher coal prices and also impact prices of power, cement, steel and iron. Land acquisition coupled with delay in receiving forest and environment clearance are the major reasons behind the cost overrun. The delay has also hit the coal production and resulted in scarcity of coal.The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in its report said 108 coal mine projects had been completed in different subsidiaries of Coal India Limited (CIL) with a total capital outlay of Rs 11,414.69 crore before March 31, 2011. \"There was cost overrun of Rs 3,256.18 crore in 83 projects of which 33 projects are of WCL and their costs have been overrun by Rs 1,164.91 crore,\" said the CAG.According to WCL figures, 21 projects were to be completed in Xth Five Year Plan (2002-07) but 16 of them are still incomplete. The escalation of the project cost on them is estimated at around Rs 600 crore. Besides, WCL had planned to develop 33 projects including 23 opencast mines and 10 underground mines in XIth Five Year Plan (2007-12). Of these, just three - Ghugus expansion, Gauri-I&II;, and Junad- have been completed. Of the remaining 30, fifteen are in different stages of implementation while even land acquisition has not been started for remaining 15. The planned project cost of these 33 projects was Rs 2,835.72 crore that has now escalated to Rs 5,273.22 crore or an increase of Rs 2,437.50 crore.The plans have also been changed to some extent reducing the cost difference. During planning stage, coal production of 27.69 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) was estimated from 33 projects which has now increased to 38.25 MTPA. The cost overrun is now estimated at over Rs 1,400 crore. If cost overrun of two plan periods are added, it comes to over Rs 2,000 crore.The CAG observed that the delay was on account of land acquisition problems, forest clearances, adverse geo-mining conditions and also due to delay in finalization of tenders for procurement of heavy earth moving machines and development of infrastructure for transportation of coal. \"Expert Committee on road map for coal sector reforms emphasized setting up a permanent special task force to monitor the progress of clearances and project implementation but it was not done. As on March 31, 2011, CIL has cash reserves of Rs 43,776.16 crore. The capital expenditure during 2006-11 was only Rs 11,719.03 crore of which capital expenditure on HEMM was just Rs 6,921.60 crore. Instead of parking huge surplus fund as deposits in banks, CIL and its subsidiaries should explore the possibility of utilizing these for operational purposes, observed the CAG.A WCL official said two to three coal projects were completed in a fiscal before 2006-07. \"CMD DC Garg had expedited the works. Five projects were opened each in 2007-08 and 2009-10 and four in 2010-11. Later, the land acquisition became a major hurdle. Only one new project could be opened in 2011-12,\" he said.WCL was to achieve coal production of 45 MTPA by the end of XIth plan ie March 31, 2012. The target was achieved in 2009-10 itself with WCL recording production of 45.74 MT. Delay in completion of projects then reduced production to 43.65 MT. The WCL could not achieve target of 45.50 MT in current fiscal and may go upto 43.20 MT at the most, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447307", "title": "Government training institute beset with problems", "text": "HYDERABAD: The only government Industrial Training Institute (ITI) located in the Old City is crying for attention. Faced with a severe staff crunch as well as paucity of funds, the quality of training being imparted is severely affected. Adding to the woes is the disconcertment of the local residents towards the institute.The ITI Old City, setup in 1972 in Bahadurpura has for decades provided vocation training to several youngsters who could only complete matriculation. Secluded from the city until rampant urbanization became the norm, students at the institute learnt different trades in conducive environs.But now staff crunch is a problem that threatens training imparted to the 600 odd students enrolled here. The institute has a sanctioned cadre of 65 staff members while only 36 are actually working. Until recently 16 of 19 sanctioned positions were vacant in assistant training officer (ATO) category. The ATOs are the ones mainly responsible for teaching the students.An acute fund crunch has also impeded the institute's development. The hostel building is an indication of this with walls badly in need of repairs with a fresh of coat of paint due for decades now. Surprisingly only four students have opted for accommodation in the hostel which has 36 rooms meant to lodge 250 students. \"The hostel is not occupied fully because only students from districts are given accommodation. We have very few students from surrounding districts,\" said P Nirmal Kumar, apprenticeship advisor, denying that deteriorating hostel quality had anything to do with the dip in number of students opting for hostel accommodation.However, by his admission, over 50 students had occupied the hostel in 1998 while in 2009 there were 36 students who stayed in the hostel rooms. This, in spite of the fact that Old City ITI is the only such institute among the six others present in the city, which has hostel facilities.Moreover, now the sprawling six acre campus stands vulnerable to opportune locals supported by local politicians who have allegedly prevented construction of a compound wall only to ensure uninterrupted encroachment of the land.\"The college occupied more land than it does now. Slowly land is being eaten away by the locals. When attempts were made in the past to have a wall constructed, the local politicians ensured every time that it did not happen. We are concerned about the security of equipment here as there have been incidents of thefts,\" said a staff member.He added that though there is a guard allotted to them, it is close to impossible to ensure security without a boundary wall. Besides residential dwellings eating away land, a graveyard has extended into the institute premises and a government school has also come up on the land. Sans security, the campus has become a haven for antisocial activities.Staff members also point out that despite being located in the Old City, the percentage of locals enrolling has been abysmally low. \"Until recently less than 15 percent of the students were from the Old City. In the last one year, the percentage has gone up as some efforts were put in by the principal to create awareness about the institute. As of now roughly 30 percent of the students are from the Old City areas,\" said one of the staff members.Hamid Khan, principal of the institute, informed that he has been making repeated efforts to draw the government's attention to the problems. \"I have repeatedly written letters for getting a wall constructed around the institute. We are expecting a sanction of funds sometime soon. We have also requested additional staff. As of now we are making do with outsourced staff,\" he said. He admitted that the hostels are in dire need of maintenance but the funds in the yearly allocation made to them are insufficient for taking up repair works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12450029", "title": "One more held in auto-driver murder case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government railway police (GRP) on Wednesday arrested a co-accused in the murder of an auto-rickshaw driver near Bhubaneswar railway station on December 9. The accused was identified as Muna alias Sudhir Kumar Sahoo (24), a resident of Cuttack district.The GRP have so far arrested seven men, including main accused Papu alias Manoj Kumar Mahapatra.The victim, Alekh Pradhan, was stabbed to death at the auto stand outside the railway station on broad daylight. Sources said the accused nurtured a grudge against Pradhan in a reported triangular love case. tnnOn the fateful day, Pradhan found the accused consuming alcohol inside his auto-rickshaw. He paid with his life after raising a protest against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448022", "title": "3 teenagers trespass into railway yard, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel nabbed three teenagers from the Dadar railway yard with a minor girl in the wee hours of Wednesday. The RPF team brought the four to its Dadar outpost where the boys were booked for trespassing on railway property and creating nuisance. Security had been upped at Dadar yard after a rape case was reported in December 2011.The 16-year-old girl stays with her kin in Kandivli. The three boys, aged between 18 and 19, are her family's tenants.\"After her school lectures got over, the girl and the three boys went to Siddhivinayak temple. By the time they reached Dadar, the last local had left.We found them near an empty rake around 2.15am,\" an WR RPF official said. The three boys were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12447975", "title": "KA hikes prize money for competitions", "text": "PANAJI: Newly-appointed chairman of Kala Academy Vishnu Surya Wagh on Wednesday announced a hike in the prize money for all competitions organized by the Academy.Stating that the prize money has remained untouched for the last 12 years, Wagh said, \"We have decided to increase the money and chief minister Manohar Parrikar should support us with financial assistance.\"The government on Tuesday appointed Wagh as the chairman and Sushant 'Raja' Khadekar as vice-chairman of the Kala Academy.Ganpath Kalangutkar, Vishnu Bagkar, Jonh Calaro, Ashvini Jambalikar and Gorakh Mandrekar have been appointed as the new core committee members. Wagh said that this is the first time that core committee members have been appointed from the field of art. He also assured the public that every artiste residing across the state will be respected by the Kala Academy.\"Our priority would be to get an ISO certificate for the Academy,\" said Wagh.Stating that they would restore the black box to its original design, Wagh reveled his plan to construct a dome-shaped flexible structure at the open air theater at Kala Academy which can be utilized during the monsoon.Parrikar assured Wagh of providing financial assist for the upgradation of Kala Academy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448475", "title": "Cop gets 2-year rigorous imprisonment in bribe case", "text": "PUNE: Special judge Ravindra Pande on Wednesday sentenced assistant sub inspector (SI) Prakash Dattu Vidhate (48) of Lonavla city police station to two years rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 4,000 for accepting bribe of Rs 10,000 for releasing ornaments seized in a criminal case in 2008.Shivkumar Pilaji a resident of Beed was arrested in a fake currency notes case in crime register number 158/2008. During investigations the police had seized the fake currency notes and ornaments found in Pilaji's possession. He was later released on bail.According to the prosecution, Vidhate had threatened to take preventive action or register false case against Pilaji after he had asked him to return the ornaments.The prosecution said Vidhate had demanded bribe of Rs 15,000 for releasing the ornaments, but after negotiations he reduced the amount to Rs 10,000.The state anti corruption bureau, Pune unit had caught Vidhate red-handed while accepting bribe from Pilaji at Shivaji chowk in Lonavla on December 11, 2008.Additional public prosecutor Heera Bari examined three witnesses for proving guilt of the policeman.Judge Pande sentenced Vidhate to two years rigorous imprisonment on two counts for demanding and accepting bribe. The sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12449584", "title": "Septuagenarian makes 43rd attempt to clear matric", "text": "BHIWANI: A gritty 74-year-old man aspires to clear his matric exams in his 43rd attempt in Khori village of Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan located on the Haryana border. Shiv Charan, a bachelor had in fact vowed to marry only after passing class X.Shiv Charan, a farmer, lives with the families of his three brothers in the village. But these days he been living in a temple on the outskirts of the village where he has been burning midnight oil preparing for the exams.\"It's my dream to have the matriculation certificate and be called matric pass. As a youngster, I was not good at studies and failed for many years. But later I made up my mind to clear class X exam and vowed to tie the nuptial knot only after clearing it\", he told mediapersons after coming out of the examination centre recently after appearing in the social studies paper.Shiv Charan has filed his examination form with the board of secondary education, Rajasthan as a private candidate and the board has allotted government senior secondary school in his native Khori village as his examination centre. He said that though his family had no objections to his appearing in the examination, some villagers ridiculed him, saying he was crazy.\"I don't want to get distracted due to such things and so I have decided to stay in the temple, where I am studying day and night for the exams. I am confident to clear the examination this time as all my papers have gone quite well,\" Shiv Charan stated, while adding that he wanted to settle down in life if he found a bride after passing his exams.Shiv Charan recalled that the best result he got in his previous attempts was in 1995 when he cleared all the papers but for mathematics. He could not clear the paper in reappear attempts and had to appear in all papers afresh.When TOI contacted Ghanshyam Meena, deputy director, examinations, with the board of secondary education, Rajasthan, he expressed ignorance about Shiv Charan's attempt but informed that there was no upper age limit or limit on the number of attempts for clearing matric.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448381", "title": "Govt orders probe into row over principals' selection", "text": "PATNA: The government has ordered an inquiry into the irregularities in the selection of principals in Magadh University (MU) by the commissioner, Magadh division. This was announced by education minister P K Shahi in the state assembly on Wednesday while replying to a call attention notice.Earlier, Ajit Kumar of the JD(U), one of the seven members who signed the call attention notice, visibly dissatisfied with the reply of the minister demanded inquiry into the whole affair by either a House panel or commissioner, Magadh division. The minister said that the government was not against inquiry by any agency and said the Magadh division commissioner would conduct the probe.Shahi saidthe government had earlier ordered an inquiry by retired IAS officer I C Kumar, but it could not be held due to a case pending in the Supreme Court (SC). The SC, while giving order in an SLP No 14775/2011 related to the appointment of principals in MU on September 7, 2011, said, \"the process of selection, which was initiated pursuant to the direction given by this Court in SLP(C) No 11529-11531/2011, shall continue. The selection must be completed within a period of six weeks from the date of receipt of copy of this order.\"Shahi further quoted the apex court's order which said, \"Amrendra Sharan, learned senior counsel appearing for the applicant, stated that the requisite number of members of the selection committee have already signed the proceedings. If that be, there should be no hesitation in declaring the result of the selection.\"The motion mover stated that 21 principals were selected after the interview, but the selection committee had no quorum as four out of five members had not signed. \"The VC published the list keeping the Supreme Court in dark, violating rules of the university and without the quorum of the panel even when the selection committee had rejected the list of selected principals at its meeting on February 4,\" the call attention notice, which was pending reply since March 20, stated.The signatories to thenotice were Ajit Kumar, Shrawan Kumar, Arun Manjhi, Rameshwar Paswan, Manjit Kumar Singh, Amrendra Pratap Singh and Vikram Kunwar, all NDA legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449765", "title": "Shiv Sena protests LPG hike again", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena MLAs on Wednesday slammed the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for proposing a 5% tax on LPG and sported jackets with pictures of gas cylinders in the House.\"The Congress-NCP has proposed the hike of cooking gas at such a time when the common man is already reeling under high inflation,\" senior Sena MLA, Eknath Shinde told TOI. \"On one hand the DF government is making dry fruits, semiprocessed and ready-to-cook food cheaper. But the same government is making LPG costlier. This clearly indicates that the government is taxing the poor and giving relief to the rich,\" Shinde said.Further taking a dig at the ruling Congress-NCP government , Shinde asked whether chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was aware of the hike. \"If Chavan knew about it and yet allowed the hike, it means the Congress is against the 'aamadmi'.And if the CM was not aware of the hike, it shows there is no coordination between Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. It also indicates that all is not well within the DF alliance ,\" Shinde said. \"When a state like Goa can reduce the burden on the people by making petrol cheaper by Rs 11, why is the Maharashtra government increasing the burden on the people instead of giving them more subsidies?\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "maraimalai nagar (chennai)", "code": "12449136", "title": "Ford India decision to sack 9 workers fuels standoff", "text": "MARAIMALAI NAGAR (CHENNAI): Ford India's decision to sack nine employees snowballed into a standoff between the workers and the management on Wednesday.The carmaker said it had found 11 employees guilty of violating \"company's code of integrity\". Two of the \"guilty\" employees quit and the rest nine were terminated from service, it said.The protesting Ford employees are demanding that the company take back the sacked workers. The employees have accused the management of malicious intent and said they were dismissed for \"fudging medical bills for reimbursement.\" Ford said it stood by its action.Conciliatory talks between the workers and the management remained a non-starter on Wednesday as representatives of the management did not turn up at a meeting coordinated by the state labour department. The joint commissioner of labour has called for another meeting on Thursday at the Teynampet office.\"Representatives from the management side did not turn up for the meeting. So, the meeting would be held tomorrow,\" assistant commissioner for labour welfare (Sriperumbadur), S Selvaganesan, told TOI on Wednesday.The production at the plant is not affected, Ford said. \"As on today (Wednesday), there has been no disruption to our production and we continue to retain normal production levels. We have prioritized and redistributed our work force to ensure that there is no delay or disruption to our production with shifts running on schedule,\" a Ford statement said.Tension started around 2.30pm on Tuesday when the Ford management dismissed eleven employees after they were found involved in fudging bills for medical reimbursement. The sacked employees, all of whom were permanent employees with at least 10 years of experience in Ford, belong to different sections including engine unit, assembly, body-making and press unit (that does car body stamping).\"Nine employees at Ford's Chennai operation violated the company's code of integrity and their employment was terminated after due enquiry process on March 27,\" the statement said.When the news of dismissal spread, around 2,700 workers, including those who were coming to their daily shift, staged a sit-in protest on the factory premises, workers said. They also stopped company buses that were supposed to drop employees after the shift. These employees too joined in the protest. The police detained 397 employees on Tuesday and released them on bail on Wednesday. The company has 4,700 employees.\"As we do not have a trade union, we are mobilising people ourselves. If our demand on reinstatement of colleagues is not met, we will go for indefinite strike. However, we would take a final decision after Thursday's meeting,\" an employee said.Representatives of left-winged trade union Confederation of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) Kancheepuram unit lent solidarity to the employees with their presence at the factory gates. \"Action against the erring employees is extreme. The company should have considered the fate of the sacked employees' families before taking such a harsh decision,\" S Kannan, secretary, CITU (Kancheepuram), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12447518", "title": "Woman kills self, toddler", "text": "AMRAVATI: A woman fed up with quarrels with her alcoholic husband set herself and her six-month-old toddler afire. The incident came to light on Tuesday.Rekha Suryavanshi (25), a resident of Santoshi Nagar, is the name of the deceased. It has been learnt that Rekha and her husband Anil, said to be an alcoholic, would often quarrel.On the fateful day, a heated exchange took place between the couple. When Anil had gone to the bathroom, Rekha doused herself with kerosene and set herself afire. She also took her six-month-old daughter with her.When Anil came out, he rushed both Rekha and the infant to the hospital. Rekha sustained 94% burn injuries while her daughter sustained 91% injuries. Both Rekha and her daughter breathed their last during treatment. Police have registered the offences against Rekha under relevant sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12448257", "title": "Man kills two, self in Bagasra", "text": "RAJKOT: In a gruesome incident, a man killed two persons and then hanged himself in Bagasra town of Amreli district on Wednesday morning.Local police was told that three persons were lying dead in Zamka Zampa area of Bagasra town. All the three persons were native of West Bengal and were into jewellery making in Bagasra town since long.The man, who first killed two persons and then committed suicide, has been identified as Kisan alias Gopi Mandal. The victims have been identified as Vikas Mandal (24) and Arun Mandal (32).\"Primary investigation suggests that accused had a heated exchange over some issue with Vikas and Arun on Tuesday night. They have long been quarrelling with each other. But on Tuesday night, Kisan murdered both of them while they were asleep using sharp-edged weapons used in jewellery making. After killing them in the room, he hanged himself at the roof top,\" in-charge superintendent of police, Amreli district, Karthik Kashyap told TOI.Investigating officials said Vikas an Arun used to steal some material from the shop where they were working and accused Kishan knew about this. Kishan reportedly threatened to inform the owner and this issue led to enmity between them,\" police said.\"Forensic experts have taken samples from the crime scene,'' Kashyap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448806", "title": "Now, farmers can check water-level in soil", "text": "COIMBATORE: To help farmer reduce consumption of water, a scientist from Sugarcane Breeding Institute in the city has developed a soil moisture indicator to help farmers understand the moisture level of the soil and irrigate accordingly.K Hari, a senior scientist at the institute, invented the device, which was tested for around a year among sugarcane farmers. \"This can be immersed into the soil. By pressing the side button, the water levels can be understood. Different colours will represent the water levels; such as blue for adequate water and red for less water,\" he added.According to the scientists, farmers can decide on when to irrigate looking at the indicators. D Puthira Prathap, who was the principal investigator of the project, says that \"The indicator can be taken to different areas of the land and the moisture levels can be checked. The soil need not be irrigated, if there is enough water.\"Farmers who used the equipment in Erode, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri shared their experiences in the sensitisation workshop organised as part of \"Water Day\" celebrations in the institute.EK Subramanian, a farmer from Koothampoondi in Erode said he used the soil moisture indicator in half of his farm and found it beneficial. \"I have one hectare of sugarcane cultivation. In half the land, I used this equipment to compare with the normal process of irrigation. I placed the indicator in several locations of the land to understand the availability of water. In the other portion of the land, we irrigated as usual. Using the indicator, I could manage with 20% less water. The land which used this equipment cultivated 8 tonnes more than the other portion,\" he said.\"I could reduce about 30% to 40% water consumption in the areas where I used the equipment compared to the land where I did not use it. The harvest was ten tonnes more,\" said P Saravanan, a farmer from Palacode in Dharmapuri district.N Vijayan Nair, director of the institute said \"Indian farmers use more water for agriculture. The usual reason is that we don't know when the soil requires to be irrigated. This leads to over irrigation which damages the soil.\"The soil moisture indicator can check water-levels of the soil from around 15cms to 45cms. Hari says that this is enough for farms and plants in pots. \"This is simple to use and affordable. We are looking for entrepreneurs interested in manufacturing this on a large scale,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449389", "title": "Kids fill mineral water bottles from tap, sell them at railway station", "text": "KANPUR: With mercury touching 38 degrees mark, potable water is much in demand by the passengers at the railway station. Thus, the illegal water trade has once again picked up at the Kanpur Central railway station. Tap water is being re-packed in mineral water bottles and sold to gullible passengers.This illegal trade is flourishing right under the nose of Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF). One can spot children and women involved in the illegal trade filling water bottles at the salon side opposite the platform number one of the railway station. The business goes on unchecked and unperturbed.The TOI photographer clicked some children and women filling water in mineral water bottles from a tap at the salon side. The used mineral water bottles thrown on the railway tracks were collected by rag-picking children, washed and re-filled with ordinary water.Later, blue coloured tape was wrapped around the neck of bottles to give them a clean-finished look. Children sell these bottles to the passengers. This murky business has been going on only 100 metres away from the GRP station and that too during the daytime. When trains halt at the station, passengers often buy these tap-water filled bottles.The kingpins of the trade mostly engage young children who are rag-pickers knowing well that the GRP won't gain much by nabbing these kids. Thus, the actual culprits never get arrested. Lack of will on the part of GRP and RPF is facilitating this trade. The tap water filled bottles sell in good numbers during the peak summer season. Defunct water taps at the platforms force passengers to buy these 'cheap cost' mineral water bottles.A GRP cop, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"The boys are so young that GRP is unable to book them under heinous criminal offences. They are released after being warned but this is not enough to stop the crime. The main culprits are never caught.\"A retired deputy SP rank official of GRP admitted that GRP cops often 'patronise' this trade. \"The nexus exists between our cops and those who work in close coordination with the mafias. The profits are shared later,\" he added. He added, \"These mafias look out for boys and girls who have abandoned their homes due to some or the other reason. For these kids, money is priority. They pick up empty bottles from station, wash them and re-fill them with tap water. Thereafter, they re-pack them in such a manner that passengers are hardly able to make out the difference between distilled water and the tap water.\"Dr Manisha Agrawal, a gynaecologist and resident of Barra area, who had come to see off her husband at Kanpur Central railway station was one among the passengers who saw several children and a woman filling tap water in the used mineral water bottles. Dr Agrawal told TOI, \"It's shocking to see these people filling used water bottles from tap. All this is going on very close to police station and nothing is being done to stop it.\"Javed Alam, a private bank employee who resides in Kidwai Nagar, had come to the railway station to drop his brother on Wednesday. He was also shocked to see the small kids refilling bottles from the tap. The troubling question is that when GRP and RPF officials are present at the railway station to keep a check on anti-social elements, how water mafias are thriving here. The passengers of Bihar-bound trains and those travelling during the late night hours are the ones who are targeted by the children for selling fake mineral water bottles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448599", "title": "Another protest stalls traffic in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Just five days after the high court upheld its stance against any events, agitations or rituals that may obstructed normal flow of traffic on roads, cops in the city were seen standing silent spectators when a march by women employed under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( NREGS) just went our of control.The march to the secretariat threw city life out of gear for hours and left MG Road and its bylanes clogged with vehicles.City commuters, who had witnessed a series of violent demonstrations led by various youth organizations in the past week, were dismayed at yet another demonstration that left them high and dry in the middle of the road.The women, who laid siege to the secretariat, started their march from the martyrs' column at Palayam. Initially, the march progressed towards the secretariat in a disciplined manner, occupying only one side of the road. But everything went haywire when it reached the secretariat. The agitators occupied both sides of the roads and blocked vehicular traffic on the other side of the road too.The city special branch assistant commissioner D Vijayan said that the agitators had given prior notice to the police about the demonstration. \"We had issued them a notice to stay away from obstructing the traffic, but they did not oblige. The police will be registering cases against the agitators,\" he said.The city police had imposed traffic regulations in the city in connection with the demonstration. Over hundred traffic policemen, supervised by a circle inspector and two assistant commissioners, were deployed on roads to regulate the traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454569", "title": "Aksha stars opposite Srikanth", "text": "After the success of \" Kandireega\", actor Aksha's performance was appreciated by many.Though the film went on to be a BO rage, the actor failed to cash in on the success of the flick. But things look upbeat for Aksha these days. The actor has now signed a film opposite Srikanth.The movie that will be launched on April 6 is directed by NSR Prasad. An action film, the movie will see Srikanth playing as a goon, according to the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12449560", "title": "Guest teachers issue: Haryana files petition in Supreme Court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Desperate to find a way out in view of the guest teachers as well as those who have qualified Haryana teachers eligibility test (HTET) threatening to intensify their stirs, the Haryana government has filed a petition in the Supreme Court for relief. The government in its petition before the Supreme Court has sought stay on the high court orders on relieving guest teachers, while seeking another period of 332 days extension for guest teachers.The Haryana government's move comes three days ahead of the deadline given by Punjab and Haryana high court of relieving guest teachers which expires on March 31. Financial commissioner and principal secretary Surina Rajan confirmed the development.Now, the Haryana government is waiting for the decision by the apex court before proceeding ahead on the directive given by the high court.\"We are waiting for the case to come up for hearing before the Supreme Court which could be any day this week. We cannot leave the schools empty, hence we are availing all legal remedies,'' Surina Rajan said.The issue of guest teachers has put the Haryana government in a fix resulting in delay in recruitment of regular teachers in the state. While the 15,000 guest teachers have threatened to intensify their stir after April 1, a body formed by around 1.25 lakh people who have qualified HTET, while seeking the start of recruitment process and removal of guest teachers, too have threatened to intensify their stir.In a protest held in Panchkula last week, people who have qualified HTET had offered to work without pay in Haryana schools till the government starts the process of recruitment of regular teachers.Both the groups had also staged impressive demonstrations at the home district of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda which forced the government to look for a way out to get a solution to this situation.\"The government cannot convert a wrong into a right by approaching the Supreme Court. Wrongs must end as the government cannot play with the career prospects of 1.25 aspirants who are waiting to be considered for regular appointment. Besides, when we have already offered to work without salaries till fresh recruitments are made, then what is stopping the government in starting the recruitment process?'' Rajesh, a person who had qualified HTET said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449534", "title": "Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in", "text": "Life in the financial capital comes at a premium and the hike in LPG prices will only strike another blow to Mumbai's affordability quotient among major cities. The cost of living in Mumbai is anyway higher than the average of all-India cities, reveals an analysis of the latest consumer price index (CPI) figures issued by the Reserve Bank of India.CPI, which measures a standard basket of items including food, clothing, and transport across cities, is often used as a proxy for the cost-of-living . Mumbai then emerges as a more expensive city than Delhi, Chennai or Kolkata, pipped in the price race only by Bangalore, the country's IT capital.Take for instance LPG cylinders, an ubiquitous requirement of middle-class households, which are the latest point of contention in Maharashtra. Mumbaikars currently pay Rs 402 for a cylinder, while Delhiites pay Rs 399, and Chennai residents pay Rs 393.50. Once the 5% value-added tax is implemented, homes in Mumbai would be forced to shell out Rs 422 per cylinder, which would make them dearer than Bangalore (Rs 415) or Kolkata (Rs 405).\"Many factors make Mumbai a more expensive city than other metros, chief among them is the high cost of rents. Over 40% of the salary of an average Mumbaikar goes into paying his/her rent,\" points out economist Vibhuti Patel of SNDT University. She says basic food items like vegetables, fruits and grains are likely to cost more in Mumbai than Delhi which has an advantage as it is closer to the agricultural states of the country. \"Mumbai imports much of its vegetables and foods, whose transportation adds up extra costs at every check naka. These costs are passed on to the common man,\" she says.Mumbai's CPI at 199 is significantly higher than Delhi's 181 or Kolkata's 184 (see box), even as it stands a point below Bangalore's 200.Budget analyst Ravi Duggal, who has lived in both Mumbai and Delhi in recent years, said there were different reasons for differential living costs among cities including the aspirations of people. He believes for instance, that the high cost of living in Bangalore has come about as a result of the IT industry. \"Where education is concerned for instance, Delhi has more public education facilities than Mumbai which would increase household costs in the latter,\" he points out.Social experts also point out that cities like Delhi receive more subsidies from the Centre due to its advantaged political positioning. Mumbaikars , then, continue to eke out a pricey living. The CPI has steadily increased over the last two years, from 163 points in 2009-10 to 178 the following year to the current 199 as of January. For homemakers like Andheri resident Ami Vyas, life is only becoming tougher with every passing day. \"Most Mumbaikars are service-class working individuals with fixed incomes. Such frequent hikes in basic items put our home budget out of sync every month,\" says Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448127", "title": "Discoms urge consumers to switch off on earth hour", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Saturday, and its lights out for Delhi from 8.30pm to 9.30pm. Power discoms in the city are gearing up for Earth Hour on Saturday and have sent SMSs and memos to individual households, RWs, business houses and communities to switch off all lights for an hour to conserve energy and participate in Earth Hour.Over a billion people in over 5,500 cities around the globe, including Delhi, Mumbai, Los Angeles, London , Hong Kong, Sydney, Rome, Manila, Singapore, Dubai will once again participate the largest voluntary action for the environment by switching off all electrical appliances and lighting fixtures. \"Earth Hour 2012 aims to inspire citizens to take action for cities by switching off lights to make their city the Earth Hour Champion. The concept is simple: Whichever city receives maximum participation from its citizens, organizations, institutions and government will be declared the 'Earth Hour Champion'. That city will set an example of exemplary achievement and the power of individual action behind a common cause,\" said a BSES spokesperson. Six Indian cities - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, and Bangalore - are participating to become the Earth Hour Champion.\"Delhi is looking at a peak load of close to 5400MW this summer and Delhiites that enjoy the highest per capita 1651 unit power consumption are also the most \"environment conscious\" citizens in India. It takes around 5,000 tonnes of coal to generate 1MW of power so with every megawatt saved Delhiites will be doing their bit to save the environment,\"said a BSES official.Last year during Earth Hour and in 2011, Delhiites save around 300 MW (181 MW in BSES area) and 350 MW (173 MW in BSES area) respectively. This roughly translates to saving 32, 50,000 tonnes of coal being burnt. This year too, BSES is confident of the support from its 28 lakh customers to play a major role to make the extra effort to conserve power,'' said discom officials.To promote Earth Hour and to share concern over climate change amongst its customers and employees alike, BSES has taken several steps. Prominent among them include Earth Hour message in Synergy - the bi-monthly newsletter going to 28 lakhs customers, engaging and reaching out to RWAs, SMS and mail messages to over eight lakh customers,) WWF Earth Hour posters displayed at offices and disseminated to RWA's etc. \"We need to fuel our future with clean, efficient and affordable energy. Participation in this event is a token of commitment from each one of us to be an active member to reduce green house emissions and the impact of global warming in our own small way,'' said Gopal Saxena, CEO, BRPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448191", "title": "'Indians value personal information most'", "text": "MUMBAI: A survey of Indian net-users has thrown up several interesting trends. Of all activities, the respondents said they would miss doing work-related tasks the most if left without an internet connection. Social networking was the second most important task, while \"convenience of life\" activities like paying bills and shopping online came third. In fact, 83% of users said they couldn't live without the internet for more than 24 hours.According to Norton, which conducted the survey, the need to stay constantly connected is a new trend among Indian net surfers.In an almost fantastic finding, three out of four respondents to the survey said they would give up $1 million than grant a stranger full access to their computers.\"Indian netizens clearly place a high value on their personal information,\" said David Hall , Norton's senior product manager, Asia Pacific. He pointed out that 40% of India's online community had declared that they value their financial information the most, followed by 35% who place a premium on their online accounts, including email and social networks. The survey-conducted using a sample size of 500 respondents between the ages of 18 to 64 years-also concluded that Indian users own an average of 2.8 devices that are connected to the internet. \"While the people interviewed used multiple devices to be online, half of them had little or no understanding of online security solutions that are available to them,\" Hall said.And while 60% of users are content with basic security, the antivirus expert said it wasn't enough to protect them from the advanced malware and phishing attacks that their devices are exposed to on a daily basis.\"We advise people to change their passwords regularly. That's the least they can do to make sure their information is safe,\" he adds. \"As far as mobile devices are concerned, setting up password protection and software that can help you remotely lock your phone are two ways you can keep your private data protected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12448102", "title": "Sachivalaya's telecom network rings alarm", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In an ambitious plan, the Gujarat government is all set to expand its Sachivalaya Integrated Telecom Network, meant for internal communication between Gandhinagar's government offices, to all government offices across the state.Well-placed Sachivalaya officials said, once established, it would make landline telephone calls between all offices, ranging from Sachivalaya in Gandhinagar to 26 districts, and later to 225 taluka-level offices, including voice, data and video chat, \"absolutely free.\"\"All voice, data and video calls will operate through an independent IP network, with Gujarat Gujarat State Wide Area Network ( GSWAN) becoming the carrier\", the official said, adding, \"The new upgradation plan involves a network of 40,000 to 50,000 lines up to the district level.\"While the upgradation would mean new technology, already, insiders suspect something fishy. They say, it would mean \"easy interception\" of communication between officials, \"as the network shall be fully digitalized and servers shall route the voice and other data.\"Particularly, the upgradation of the 'secure from outside world' network in the election year has particularly raised hackles. A babu, on the condition of anonymity, said that even today most officers prefer to communicate with each other through their cellphones rather than use free of charge desktop phones. \"The present system was set up in 2002. We are selective in the words we use and information we convey through the internal network\", he underlined.Several companies, including SIS, HCL, HP, Tulip, and AGC (an Essar group firm) are learnt to have evinced interest in taking up the project. Top international firms like CISCO, Avaya and Huawei are keen to provide the technology required. The whole project may take about five months to implement, once tenders are floated and finalised.\"We have called for expression of interest. It would mean a saving of anywhere between Rs 90 and 100 crore, currently going into communication internally\", a senior government official told TOI.\"Currently, only telephone conversation between government offices only in Gandhinagar -- both in New Sachivalaya and Old Sachivalaya -- alone is free. The government does not have to pay anything to any of the landline telecom service providers\", he added. Few outsiders know that Gujarat's department of science and technology operates an exchange at the ground floor at Vidhan Sabha building, situated in New Sachivalaya premises, which through its 8,000 lines makes communication possible within the government quarters in the state Capital. There are very few lines leased from Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) channelizes external calls both ways.\"All outside service providers like BSNL, Airtel and Tatas , are connected with the internal telecom network. The PABX in Vidhan Sabha building does rest of the job of transferring calls to respective offices. Only phone calls made to the outside world are chargeable. There are no charges for internal calls. While Tulip does the operation and maintenance job, PCS does 24 hour check as an internal auditor to ensure security. This wil now to extended to the whole of Gujarat's offices\", the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448709", "title": "Kobad Ghandy absolved of terror charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite noting that a \"prima facie case\" was made out against alleged Maoist leader Kobad Ghandy under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, a trial court on Wednesday discharged him of charges under the stringent anti-terror law for want of proper sanction from the authorities.Additional sessions judge Pawan Kumar Jain, however, paved the way for the trial of Ghandy and his alleged associate, Rajinder Kumar alias Arvind Joshi, under offences of impersonation, cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy under the Indian Penal Code.\"I am of the considered opinion that there is sufficient material on record to make out a prima-facie case for the offence punishable under Section 20 &amp; 38 of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against accused Kobad Ghandy. But since the cognizance order dated February 19, 2010...was not in accordance with mandatory provisions of Section 45(2) of UAPA, I hereby discharge accused Kobad Ghandy for the offences punishable under Section 10/13/18/20/38 of UAPA,\" the judge said, sending the case to the court of chief metropolitan magistrate which will consider the matter on March 31.The court also absolved co-accused Rajinder Kumar alias Arvind Joshi, accused of harbouring Ghandy, of terror charges under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act for lack of evidence and improper sanction by the police. \"This casts a serious doubt over the credibility of the investigatiing agency,\" the court said.Section 45(2) of the UAPA states that sanction for prosecution may be prescribed by the state government after making an independent review of the evidence gathered in the course of investigation. The court said the sanction order was granted only on the basis of a draft chargesheet, allegations made in the FIR and other material and evidence placed on record. There is no reference of any authority appointed by the Central government for reviewing the evidence.\"The Lt Governor of the NCT of Delhi in the present case was deprived of the relevant material, that is, the recommendation of competent authority that was necessary to consider as to whether sanction should be granted,\" the court said. The additional sessions judge held that the sanction order dated February 10, 2010 for prosecuting Ghandy and the one dated June 15, 2010 for Joshi were not in consonance with UAPA provisions. The court also held that \"by filing the fresh sanction in terms of Section 45(2) of the UAPA through a supplementary chargesheet, the prosecution has admitted the previous sanction was not in accordance with law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447824", "title": "Infrastructure tops Sector V budget plans", "text": "KOLKATA: The Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA), on Wednesday, presented the budget allocation for the fiscal 2012-13, allotting more than Rs 35 crore for several infrastructure projects and giving stress on improved civic amenities in Sector V. The authority has also set a property tax collection target of Rs 29 crore.Total earnings receipts have been shown at Rs 58.76 crore, including both revenue and capital receipts. Total expenditure has been earmarked at Rs 57.12 crore, thereby showing a surplus of Rs 1.64 crore. Revenue receipts will come primarily from property tax collection and the remaining will come from building plan sanction mutation fees. The focus is also on solid waste disposal, new street lights and storm water drainage cleaning and repairing. The authority has shown Rs 7 crore as government grants.It has allocated capital expenditure for various infrastructure projects. While Rs 14 crore has been allocated for roads, Rs 10 crore has been earmarked for the proposed Ring Road project and Rs 7 crore for installation of street lights. Also, the authorities have allocated Rs 5 crore for portable water supply to NDITA.On property tax front, the authority has so far collected Rs 23 crore from the IT companies and set a target to collect Rs 29 crore. Earlier, it had come out with a detailed list of tax defaulters of Sector V, who had failed to pay their dues. Names of over 70 companies were found on the defaulters' list.On property tax payment, NDITA board member Suparno Moitra said that companies should cooperate with NDITA to provide the best of amenities and pay the tax. \"Under the dynamic leadership of chief minister Mamata Banerjee, the new NDITA board has a definite mandate to provide the best civic amenities to the constituents of the township and that is reflected in the construction and renovation of new roads and installation of street lights ,\" he said. Last year, the authority had earned Rs 27 crore from tax collections.In order to augment revenues, NDITA was earlier planning to impose a 20% surcharge on property tax on companies with offices in Sector V. The authority is also working on the unit area assessment system for property tax collection in the IT hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448949", "title": "2 people commit suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A lady who was suffering from stomach pain, committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder on Tuesday. According to police, A Ramanathan (39) and Sumathi R (35), residents of Avarampalayam are married for the past 17 years. Police said that Sumathi was suffering from severe stomach pain during the menses period. Unable to bear the pain, she consumed cow dung powder on Tuesday morning.In a separate incident, a drunkard committed suicide on Monday midnight in Anna Nagar. Police say that S Arumugam (60), was a dhobi. He was a drunkard and used to often quarrel with his wife. They had a daughter who was living with them. Police said that Arumugam was frustrated with his life and hanged himself on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447344", "title": "Renewed agriculture focus: Road to 'TMC socialism'", "text": "KOLKATA: State finance minister Amit Mitra on Wednesday unfolded a road map for \"Trinamool Socialism\" in the assembly, with focus on agriculture and social sectors, a slew of anti-poverty measures and employment generation through agri-processing.In his reply to the debate on the State Budget, the finance minister said 700,000 additional jobs would be generated in the rural sector through \"a revolution in agri-processing.\" Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, later, said such an employment figure was attainable. \"But one needs to encourage areas like horticulture. Why isn't the government giving details of these plans?\" Mishra asked.The finance minister said the government would improve performance in the area of guaranteed employment of 100 days and later the target would be increased to 200 days from the budget of the government. In order to improve flow of credit to agriculture and small businessmen, help of the state level bankers' committee had been enlisted will be sought.For the urban poor, there will be better scope for employment after introduction of vocational training as a subject in 200 schools, where skilled workers like plumbers and electricians will be trained. \"Agriculture was neglected during the regime of the previous government. Have we made any mistake by enhancing emphasis on agriculture?\" he asked. A plan for workers in the unorganized sector is also being developed.Expenditure on development has been stepped up to 56% of total expenditure. Expenditure on social sectors like education, health, SC/ST and sports has been raised up to 37% . The target for state's own resource generation was pegged at a \"realistic level\" of 25%, keeping in view the slowdown in the economy and the Centre pegging the growth rate of the national economy at 7%. Debt as a percentage of gross state domestic product will be brought down to 35.7% compared to the previous 39.5%.The opposition leader wondered if the finance minister would be able to meet his resource mobilization targets. \"There is a serious doubt whether the government will be able to fulfil its promises. It is a good thing that luxury items have been taxed, but where are the details of additional resource mobilization of Rs 200 crore,\" he said. Criticizing the move to introduce entry tax, he said it was a \"regressive tax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448652", "title": "Aquifer mapping advised in 12th five-year plan", "text": "PUNE: The working group on sustainable groundwater management formed by the planning commission as a part of the process to prepare the 12th five-year plan has proposed Rs 4,800 crore for taking up aquifer mapping across the country that will lead to comprehensive groundwater management plans, said Himanshu Kulkarni, a member of the working group.The report, submitted to the planning commission by the working group, states that aquifer mapping must be taken up and the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) should take the lead in close co-ordination with other organisations including research institutes and civil society organisations.Speaking at a lecture on 'redefining the groundwater problem in India: bridging the science and development divide,' organised by Agharkar Research Institute on Monday, he said that aquifer mapping has been given due consideration in the recommendation, as aquifers are repositories of ground water resources. He added that 95% villagers depend on groundwater, but 30% of the blocks in India are exploited. Groundwater is contaminated with salinity, fluoride, and arsenic, among other pollutants.Kulkarni, also secretary and executive director of the advanced centre for water resources development and management, Pune, said that groundwater scarcity in India is apparent across the entire typology of geological settings.He pointed out that there is proliferation in the number of wells. And there is a big challenge to balance both demand and supply. There is a need for both hydrogeology and social change. Measures like catchment treatment can be taken for increasing water supply. On the other hand, demand can be regulated by bringing in social change, he said.The report suggests that the planning commission should constitute a system at the apex level to bring coherence among different ministries dealing with groundwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12451492", "title": "Comedy Circus comes to an end?", "text": "Apparently the popular Sony TV show is being pulled off momentarily.Comedy Circus essentially is amongst one of the strongest and longest running shows on Sony TV. So it sure comes as a surprise with the news doing the rounds that the channel has decided to do away with the popular show all of sudden.If the buzz is to be believed, this is the last leg of Comedy Circus and the show will go off air after that. Comedy Circus has run for more than half a decade now with multiple seasons coming back to back. They never took a break between any two seasons either. However fans of the standup comedy show need not be disappointed since the show is going off air only momentarily.Apparently Comedy Circus is taking a three month break after which it shall return with revived energy. The reason being cited is that over the period the acts were getting kind of repetitive and without any break, creativity wasn't getting the space. In that case the gap should only prove helpful to the comedians.While the channel hasn't issued any confirmation on the development yet, in most probability, the new season of Indian Idol shall replace the Comedy Circus slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454211", "title": "Sidd\u2019s a Downton Abbey fan", "text": "Actor Siddharth is who is a fan of British-American mystery comedy-drama, Gosford Park is a happy man these days as he has finally gotten hold of the EMMY and BAFTA winning TV series, \"Downton Abbey\".The series, set in the fictional Downton Abbey , the Yorkshire country house of the Earl and Countess of Grantham, follows the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants during the reign of King George V.The series though popular, is not aired on Indian television. Hence the actor was overjoyed to have finally gotten hold of the series. Taking to this micro bloggin page, the actor posted,\"Finally got my hands on 'downton abbey'...big fan of 'gosford park' and so this is something of an event:) JOY! (sic).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12447122", "title": "Tirumala wakes up to luxury pad culture", "text": "TIRUPATI: Since all pilgrims are equal in the eyes of the Lord, there is no private property in Tirumala, the hilltop where Balaji's temple is located. All land and property belongs to the Lord, in other words is controlled by the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD). So if pilgrims have to stay on the hills before and after a darshan (some of which could be at the crack of dawn and too long to traverse at odd hours from downhill in Tirupati) it has to be at a TTD-owned guest house. But the rich and the powerful want their own luxury pads on the hill, they don't want to stay at sparsely furnished guest houses.So how do you go around doing this, considering the ban on private property at Tirumala? The answer is simple: build luxury guest houses and donate them to TTD in the name of pilgrim service. But in name, the TTD controls these luxury guest houses and makes room allotments. However, in reality the guest houses are controlled by the big industrialists and companies who build them.Since 2004, TTD has been liberally allotting land in Sri Padmavathi Nagar. At that time, there were only 20 guest houses. In the last six years, 55 more VIP and private guest houses have sprung up on the hilltop.\"This is nothing but a luxury pad culture. Resorts have been built on the hilltop with no consideration that it is a hilltop that has limited land,\" says former director general of AP police T Suryanarayana Rao, who is also president of Tirumala Tirupati Samrakshana Samithi (TTSS). Many top business houses have their guest houses at Tirumala.As per rules, donors who build guest houses can stay for 30 days in a calendar year (not exceeding 10 days at a time). But the rich donors keep the guest houses for themselves by paying 11 months of rent to TTD.\"There is no need to construct any new buildings as cottages, guest houses and dormitories atop Tirumala can easily accommodate 40,000 pilgrims a day. Building more accommodation means getting more pilgrims to Tirumala and putting more pressure for darshan,\" said a senior IAS officer who was at the TTD's helm.Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsSources say there is immense pressure from common pilgrims to stay in the guest houses after being told that these belong to the TTD. But TTD refuses to allot rooms in guest houses reserving this privilege for VIPs and of course the industrialists who built them. Two deputy executive officers are chartered with the job of allocation of rooms to VIPs and high-brow pilgrims. \"They decide which guest house would be suitable for these pilgrims as per their status and class,\" retired temple superintendent Jayaramaiah says. \"Rich pilgrims, especially from metros do not mind throwing money to get accommodation,\" PVRK Prasad, former EO, says. Ironically, very little information is made public about how many VIP guest houses have available rooms with most of them donning 'No occupancy' boards.\"Money, clout and fame is enough, the TTD will roll out a red carpet for you. TTD must realize that Tirumala is not a tourist spot but a place of worship,\" points out Parvatha Rao, former TTD legal counsel.However, in what is a ray of hope, after a furore created by activists that the fragile ecology of the hilltop will be destroyed by rampant constructions, permissions for new guest houses have been stopped. Some works in progress have also been halted.(This is the fourth in a series of reports on the affairs Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12448253", "title": "Live-in mela for senior citizens", "text": "RAJKOT: City's Arvind Maniyar Hall is likely to become the epicentre for a social change. For the first time, a mass programme for senior citizens to choose live-in partners will be held here on April 15.The first-ever public function to help 50-plus men and women in Saurashtra region to find a companion will be organized by Natubhai Patel, who runs Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa, an organization created to help arrange marriages of lonely senior citizens in the country.\"After the success of similar live-in relationship functions in Ahmedabad last year, we are now going to organize this in Saurashtra region,\" said Patel.He said that the concept of live-in relationships has interested a lot of elderly, who are shy of getting married again and don't want to embarrass their children.\"We are expecting more than 300 elders (males) to come from across the country. The event is being held in Rajkot, but people can come from across the country to take part to find their companion for live-in relationship in their autumn years,'' Natubhai told TOI.Interestingly, the ratio of elderly women's participation in such live-in relationship mela is about 20 per cent. \"In order to encourage women to participate, we are offering females free of cost travelling from any part of the country as well as accommodation in Rajkot. We will also gift a sari to each woman participant,\" said Patel.\"Our experience says that live-in relationship for elder is the need of the hour. It is better that a lonely person finds a partner in their last span of life instead of staying in old-age home when your children are not taking care. Also, in many cases, even children have happily agreed to get their parents married,\" he added.The criteria for a male participant are that he should have monthly income of above Rs 10,000 and his age should be above 50 years.Patel said all men and women above 50 years of age including divorcees, widows and single are eligible to join the meet. He said that women above 40 years can also take part in the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448321", "title": "Charges baseless, says acting Magadh University VC", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) acting VC Arun Kumar on Wednesday strongly refuted the charges of a former member of the Selection Committee on principals' appointment in constituent colleges of MU. The list carrying names of principals and their place of posting were recently issued by the university.According to him, there were no 'extraneous considerations' while preparing the merit list of candidates for the post of MU principals. The university maintained full transparency and considered each case purely on merit. The allegation of giving favour to 'inferior' candidates is thus baseless, he said.Giving vent to his feelings, MU VC said that the university acted as per the directive of the Supreme Court right from the starting process, from interview to publication of the list of selected candidates. \"The university fully respects the apex court directive and followed all norms required while preparing a merit list of selected candidates,\" he said.According to Kumar, the university is hopeful of maintaining an academic ambience in every college of the university following posting of regular principals at most of the colleges where the posts for principals were vacant for long time. Besides, MU is bound to maintain academic calendar this year as per which Degree and post-graduate examinations were being held now, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12442569", "title": "Hazel does a Sridevi!", "text": "Unless you don't don a sexy red sari, you don't qualify as a Bollywood heroine and the latest actress to do so is Hazel Crowney.Sridevi made it famous and the trend continues to bedazzle Indian men!Hazel Crowney is all set to woo Ravi Kissen in her traditional avatar with latkas and jhatkas in the upcoming movie Jeena Hai Toh Thok Daal.The actress will entice Ravi Kissen wearing a red hot chiffon sari in the locales of Bihar.With this, the British model will be a part of Bollywood's age old Indian formula to attract the hero. It's the quintessential Sari song that every actress does at one point of time. Who can forget Madhuri's \"dhak dhak\" act or Sushmeeta Sen's sultry self in Main Hoon Na or Sridevi's blue sari in Mr. India. Chiffon has ruled Bollywood in every decade. Not to mention, it has always worked with the audience and given the movies an extra zing.In the newer lot even Katrina Kaif and Kareena Kapoor have had their share of sari songs.Will the Brit beauty be able to match up to the likes of these Indian beauties? Lets see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447687", "title": "Soon, free treatment for poor in government hospitals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday announced that poor will soon get free treatment in government and government-aided hospitals across the state. The treatment will also be free for poor patients suffering from serious ailments, he said.\"There is no difference between a rich and poor when it comes to diseases. Be it any ailment, it affects the rich and poor in the same way, rather the treatment for everyone is same. But since a poor cannot afford the cost of treatment of serious ailments, they are at the receiving end,'' the CM said on the occasion of World Kidney Day on Wednesday. He also flagged off a Walkathon, which started from KD Singh Babu Stadium and culminated at SGPGI.The Walkathon was organised by the department of nephrology, SGPGI. More than 1,500 people participated in it. Addressing the Walkathon, Akhilesh said: \"People should be made aware regarding such ailments which involve huge cost of treatment. This way, people will take precautions at an early stage itself.'' He added that patients treat doctors who save their lives as gods.The CM also highlighted the achievements of previous Samajwadi Party government. \"SP made efforts to get more hospitals in the state. However, the former government could not carry out the entire work. In Saifai, people from different states come for treatment which is done at Rs 35 only,'' said Akhilesh.Minister for medical, health and family welfare, Ahmad Hasan reiterated the CM's words.SGPGI director Dr RK Sharma discussed kidney ailments with the people. He said people who are diagnosed for any kidney ailment, and are fat or have high blood pressure or are addicted to smoke or are over 50 years of age should get two important tests done. First is the aluminum content in urine, and second the content of serum in blood.On the occasion, Rajya Sabha MP Gangacharan Rajput pledged to donate his kidneys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12448815", "title": "Salem to get walkways, over bridges, better roads", "text": "SALEM: Civic infrastructure is the focus of the Salem corporation budget for 2012-13 that Mayor S Soudappan presented before the corporation council on Wednesday. Alleging that the budget didn't have much to offer to address the water woes and health issues of city residents, DMK councilors, who form the bulk of the opposition, walked out.Among the highlights of the civic budget are proposals to build two high-level walkways and foot over bridges in the city. Major city roads have been promised a makeover and a subway has been announced at the New Bus Stand. Railway over bridges will come up at Hasthampatty Cherry road, Shevapet market, Sooramangalam and Anaimedu at a cost of Rs 146.36 crore.As for the walkways, the mayor said the chief minister has sanctioned Rs 1 crore for the purpose. The foot bridges will be established in Salem New Bus Stand and across five roads. The mayor also kept aside Rs 10 crore to build a new integrated campus for the corporation. He added that the corporation will initiate steps to lay ring roads from Arabic college road to Ayothyapattanam via Ammapet and Dadampatti. Two lakes at Panaimaratupatti and Kumaragiri will be developed into picnic spots.The corporation has budgeted total receipts at Rs 331 crore and expenditure at Rs 336.5 crore. The deficit is kept at Rs 5.40 crore while it was Rs 6.82 crore in the 2011-12.Allotment for the dedicated water scheme has been increased from Rs 283 crore to Rs 320 crore. The state government will bear the additional Rs 37 crore. The first phase of the scheme will be completed in September and the second phase work will start thereafter. As far as underground drainage system, the mayor said only 71 km of the 421 km pipeline for the underground drainage system has been laid so far. He promised that the corporation will complete the remaining works and make it ready for public use before the financial year ends next year. He further said work on Ananda over-bridges will also be ready for use by June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452731", "title": "Adnan pens \u2018Roya\u2019 a song to his wife", "text": "Adnan Sami is ready to hit another high note. He has just written composed and recorded a song dedicated to and about his wife Roya which recreates the entire nightmare situation that was created in his life by his previous wife and the subsequent sparkle and light that Roya has brought.The song goes Roshni hai kahan roshni, mehak hai kahan mehak, Roya darling Roya. It will be released next month.It was meant to be released on Valentine's Day, but got delayed because in Adnan's words, \"I wanted the song for my wife to be like a polished diamond.\"Says Adnan, \"It is a song dedicated to the love of my life .And it's called 'Roya'. No ambiguity there. See, hum artistes bade haraami kism ke insaan hote hain. We create romantic works of art and then say it's dedicated to whichever beautiful woman we come across. But the song 'Roya' is about and for my wife 'Roya'.It's there for all times to come.\"The song actually goes into the dark areas of his struggle to battle it out in and of court with his second wife.And one wonders if Adnan's previous wife wouldn't come up with legal objections to being identified as a source of pain in song form.Adnan is nonchalant. \"Let those who have caused pain know the damage they've done. My song is about love and finding it after a long struggle. Roya came into my life at a time when my life had hit rock-bottom. She pulled me out of the most painful phase in my life, showed me the light.For two years now I haven't touched a drop of alcohol. If I'm singing today it's because of her.\"Says Adnan, \"Ours(Roya and Adnan's) love story is inspirational to me. I believe it can be inspirational to others. What better way to make my acting debut than to tell the story that touches on the most beautiful aspect of my life?\"While Adnan will star as himself his wife's part won't be played by Roya. We have reason to believe that Rani Mukherjee is being finalized for that part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453614", "title": "Kamal Haasan praises Dhanush and Aishwarya", "text": "Kamal Haasan was full of praises for the 3 team. The Ulaga Nayagan was invited for the special screening of 3 recently and the star praised the entire team for the effort they have put it.Kamal is Rajinikanth's contemporary and a close friend. With 3 being Aishwarya's debut venture and his daughter Shruti playing the female lead, the star was eager to see it.A special screening was arranged for Kamal to give a feedback and the team was happy to receive a positive response. Aishwarya Dhanush and Dhanush were present at this special screening.3 is due to be released tomorrow and there are a lot of expectations about this film; more so because it features the most popular Kolaveri di song.Source:Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12449198", "title": "Nutty America: Pilot's mid-air meltdown linked to missing medication?", "text": "WASHINGTON: As if flying is not already fraught with tension, a commercial airline pilot went nuts in midair during a flight across American skies on Monday, forcing an emergency landing, and drawing attention to the issue of medication in the country at a time the US Supreme Court is hearing an epic case on government-mandated healthcare.The incident, the second this month in which a flight crew member has gone unhinged, occurred during a JetBlue airline flight from New York City to Las Vegas. The captain of the flight reportedly went to the toilet just outside the cockpit, and when he emerged, began shouting \"Iraq, al-Qaida, terrorism...we are all going down.\"Several well-built men on the flight who were on their way to a security conference in Las Vegas then jumped on the pilot and subdued him, while the co-pilot -- who had coaxed the pilot to take a bathroom break after seeing him behave strangely -- took charge and landed the plane in Amarillo, Texas.Amateur video showed chaos at the front of the plane as burly passengers restrained the pilot, who could be heard shouting hysterically after being pulled away from trying to get back into the cockpit. \"Oh my God. I'm so distraught!\" says a voice, rambling about Israel and Iraq .Passengers said it was scene straight out of a movie. \"It was a little scary. He was pretty freaked out,\" Heidi Karg, a passenger, told CNN. \"When they were trying to calm him down... they had to restrain him...subdue him.\"JetBlue CEO Dave Barger later said the pilot had always been a \"consummate professional\" and what happened in mid-air was a \"medical situation\" that turned into a \"security situation.\"The diagnosis matched an incident earlier this month when an American Airlines stewardess reportedly began ranting about 9/11 and that she would \"not be responsible for crashing this plane\" even as the flight was pulling out of the gate from Dallas Fort Worth in Texas. It turned out that the stewardess, a 23-year veteran with the airline, was bipolar and had not taken her medications.While the immediate debate centers around whether crew with such disorders should be allowed to fly, the country is grappling with much larger questions about healthcare, including overmedication and whether the government can enforce compulsory buying of health insurance for all, a subject on which the US Supreme Court is holding a monumental hearing this week that is being watched with bated breath across the country.The United States spends more than any other wealth nation -- 16 per cent or about one-sixth of its GDP ($ 2.5 trillion of nearly $ 15 trillion) -- on health care, but lags behind on many metrics such as life expectancy and infant mortality. Even Cuba and Chile fare better.In an effort to fix it, President Obama engineered the so-called Obamacare bill which makes it mandatory for individuals to maintain minimum health insurance coverage, leading to a Supreme Court challenge. There are several subtexts to this case, including wasteful spending, over-diagnosis, overmedication, and the power of Big Pharma -- issues that threaten to bring the healthcare system crashing down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448389", "title": "Centenary car rally ends", "text": "PATNA: The nine-day-long 'Bihar centenary car run-2012', organized by the industries department in association with Magadh Motor Sports Club on the occasion of Bihar Diwas from Patna to New Delhi and back, concluded on Wednesday as participants returned to the city.As many as 11 teams with 25 participants took part in the car rally, which was flagged off here on March 20. As many as 10 more participants joined the rally en route to Delhi.The return journey was flagged off from 'Delhi Haat' on March 22 by Bihar's industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha. It reached the state capital via Hardwar, Dehradun, Mussoorie, Bareilly, Kanpur, Allahabad and Varanasi.\"At 'Delhi haat', hundreds of people gathered around us. When we played the Bihar anthem and prayer song, overwhelmed Biharis thanked us for undertaking the journey,\" said Sumita Sahi, the rally coordinator. \"We met more than 10,000 people during this 2,700-km car run and distributed mementos, cuisines and sweets of Bihar and T-shirts with the logo of Bihar Diwas among them,\" she stated, adding \"We also felicitated many Bihari achievers residing in different cities.\"The first vehicle out of the 11, a Tata Safari driven by Pranav Sahi and Sumita Sahi, was carrying the centenary celebrations logo of Bihar, while the remaining 10 were carrying logos of themes like heritage, festivals, art and culture, tourism, women empowerment, cuisines, agriculture, festivals of Bihar, COMFED etc.A video of the car run and interviews and reactions of people on the way was also made. A special documentary on Bihar was shown to people at the stopovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449628", "title": "1st class season ticket-holders to pay 6-15 % more", "text": "MUMBAI: Around seven lakh first class season ticket-holders will have to shell out 6-15 % more on monthly and quarterly passes from April 1, after the railway budget 2012-13 was passed by Parliament.For a Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus ( CST)-Dadar or Churchgate-Dadar journey, commuters will have to shell out Rs 295 and Rs 810 respectively for monthly and quarterly passes.For a CST-Kalyan journey (54km), the monthly pass will cost Rs 855 and quarterly Rs 2,325. A journey from Churchgate to Virar will be dearer by 11% as the monthly pass wil1 be Rs 920 and it will be Rs 2,500 for a quarterly pass.A CST-Thane journey will be costlier for quarterly passholders by Rs 144. Previously, the fare for this route was Rs 1,420. The fare includes a development charge and a Mumbai Urban Transport Project surcharge of Rs 20 each for monthly passes.For quarterly passes, the development charge is Rs 60, but for MUTP the surcharge is Rs 20 per month between 11km-50 km, 30 for 51-100 km and Rs 40 for 101-150 km.The fare for CST-Thane and Churchgate-Borivli will be Rs 575 and Rs 1,565 for monthly and quarterly passes. Likewise, for CST-Vashi, the new fares for monthly and quarterly passes will be Rs 505 and Rs 1,375 respectively.There has been no change in second class fares after railway minister Mukul Roy rolled back some hikes proposed by his predecessor, Dinesh Trivedi.The railways fixed the fares by rounding off to the next higher multiple of Rs 5. For example, if the first class fare is Rs 566, the railways will charge Rs 570.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12449872", "title": "NRN, Jobs, Gates in Fortune greats\u2019 list", "text": "NEW YORK: Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy is among the 12 \"greatest entrepreneurs of our time\" , according to a Fortune magazine list that is topped by Apple's late chief Steve Jobs . It includes Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg for turning \"concepts into companies\" and changing the \"face of business\".The US publication said as the \"visionary founder\" of Infosys, Murthy has built \"one of the largest companies in India, helping to transform that economy and put it on the world stage\" . Murthy, 65, proved that \"India could compete with the world by taking on the software development work that had long been the province of the West.\"As one of six co-founders of Infosys and the CEO for 21 years, Murthy helped spark the outsourcing revolution that has brought billions of dollars in wealth into the Indian economy and transformed his country into the world's back office,\" the magazine said. AGENCIES", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448340", "title": "Why not defer news on court cases? SC asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday narrowed the debate on media guidelines on reporting sub-judice matters to the need for temporary deferment of publication of news on a case under active judicial scrutiny if the judge concerned was convinced that it could cause prejudice to an accused and endanger witness security.A bench, comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar, asked, \"Can in an appropriate case, the court concerned impose deferment of reporting on coming to the conclusion that reporting of the proceedings ran a real risk of causing prejudice to the accused and interfere with the administration of justice? At what stage and time should such order of deferment of reporting be passed?\"Senior advocate Fali S Nariman said personally he was discomfited by the idea of the Supreme Court framing general guidelines for media reporting. \"In the absence of law empowering the court to do so, the remedy could be worse than the problem,\" he said.The bench clarified, \"Can this court evolve a doctrine of postponement without touching upon the content of reporting? It is only deferment for the time being, and not a ban on reporting. We are not for ban on reporting or suppressing of contents. We are only for postponement. After that period they are free to do investigative journalism or whatever. We have to balance between the right of the accused and the press freedom. In constitutional law, balancing is the most difficult task.\"Appearing for the Editors Guild, senior advocate Rajeev Dhawan made a brief submission, opening a window to the texture of his submissions to be advanced on Thursday. He said, \"In the last 200 years of common law development, no effort ever had been made to frame punitive guidelines. It has never happened.\"The counsel said he would also discuss the power of the court, the question of striking a balance between the right to freedom of expression and its conflict with right to reputation and also address the constitution bench on the advantages of a open justice system, where the reporting of court proceedings not only informs the public, but also disciplines the Judges who know that they was being watched by people.However, former attorney general Soli J Sorabjee agreed with attorney general G E Vahanvati that there should be a temporary suspension of reporting of petitions containing scurrilous personal attacks till it was placed before a court and it took a view on allegations.He also wanted the court to examine when a matter could be said to be sub-judice. \"A court can order in camera hearing if it did not want a reporting of a particular day's hearing. But postponement of what for how long?\" he asked.Senior advocate Siddharth Luthra, who had been closely associated with several important ongoing criminal trials, narrated from experience the prejudice caused to accused because of misreporting or motivated reporting of proceeding in an ongoing trial.He backed the need for guidelines on accurate reporting and supported court coined doctrine of postponement by saying motivated or misreporting could also prejudice the judicial mind, create adverse public opinion against the accused or witness and endanger fair trial.But he was quick to stress for a fine balance between right of accused and press freedom saying media too had done yeoman's job by exposing corruption at high places like defence and cash for query scams, correcting mistrials in cases like Ruchika Girhotra's molestation, BMW hit and run and Priyadarshini Mattoo's murder.Appearing for News Broadcasters Association, counsel Anoop Bhambani said the self-regulatory guidelines being implemented by it for 46 channels could be blessed by the apex court for across the board implementation.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448196", "title": "MCD ghost staff scam: More arrests likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into MCD's ghost employees scam is likely to see more arrests soon with higher-ups in the civic agency under the scanner of crime branch.This was conveyed to Delhi high court on Wednesday by police, after which the court directed MCD to furnish a list of \"appointing authority\", that is names of those who appointed and cleared payments for the missing employees.\"Who appointed these ghost employees? Who gave them salaries? Give the crime branch a list of these persons,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said, pulling up MCD for not furnishing the entire information earlier.HC gave a week to the civic agency to furnish the list of names fearing that \"after trifurcation and elections, the problems may be compounded . You may later say the records have been misplaced.\" The court's direction came after police complained to the bench that MCD had failed to provide the list of these officers. It sought a progress report from the court by April 20.Appearing for the economic offence wing of crime branch, counsel Najmi Waziri alleged that the civic agency was not co-operating with the investigating agency. \"The information regarding initial appointing authority, supervisory officers and salary details of 864 safai karmacharis and 46 terminated employees, who are still untraceable is awaited from MCD,\" the counsel told the court claiming the probe is on the verge of completion.In its affidavit, police told HC seven FIRs have been registered on charges of cheating, conspiracy and impersonation after finding that some employees had drawn salary in the name of other employee and some were working outside the city but their names figured in the ghost employees' list.The government had earlier told the court that MCD had caused a loss of about Rs 500 crore to the public exchequer in the last five years by paying salaries to hundreds of its employees who had not even been appointed.HC was hearing a PIL filed by 'Jagrook Welfare Society' seeking a probe into the scam by an independent agency. Following a November 2009 media report on the non-existing MCD employees drawing salary from the civic body, it was revealed that 22,853 gardeners and sweepers were 'ghost' employees on its payrolls and salary had been drawn on their behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449452", "title": "Air Force pensioners help desk to be organised at Air Force Station", "text": "KANPUR: The first Air Force Pensioners' Help Desk exclusively for ex-air warriors and their dependents will be held at Air Force Station, Chakeri on Thursday. The Air Force pensioners' help desk will be inaugurated by Air Marshal Anil Chopra Ati Vishisht Seva Medal Vayu Sena Medal Vishist Seva Medal, Air Officer-In-Charge Personnel, Air HQs (VB), New Delhi.The aim of establishing the help desk is to enhance the satisfaction level related to pension and welfare among the retired or discharged air warriors. This forum will ensure meaningful interaction between the pensioners and representatives from the Air Force Record Officer. The help desk would primarily focus on enhancing the awareness on pension related issues, grievances, financial assistance and welfare schemes. The help desk would compile or address problems projected by ex-air warriors or their dependents and further resolve the queries if any.Wing Commander M Suneetha Rani, Station PRO, informed that all retired air warriors, including officers and dependents, settled in UP/Northern region in near vicinity of Air Force Station, Chakeri were invited to visit pensioners' help desk over those two days and sort out queries if any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448146", "title": "Boy from Kheda found in city bus depot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a relief for Iqubal Mansuri, a resident of Adampura in Kapadwanj, Kheda when he received a call from the Khadia police that his 14-year-old son was found during patrolling from the state transport bus depot in Geeta Mandir area.Khadia police said that late in the night, police was patrolling when they found the boy moving around alone at the bus stop.When they inquired, the boy identified himself as Niman Mansuri, a resident of Kapadwanj.The police then took the number of his father and called him.At about 12 in the night, Mansuri rushed to the Khadia Police station and identified Niman as his son.The child was later handed over to the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448970", "title": "8 arrested in Betul rape &amp; murder case", "text": "BHOPAL: The state police have arrested eight persons in connection with the murder of a 50-year-old tribal woman. She was shot dead in front of her family members after she refused to give in to pressure for withdrawing her complaint against those involved in the abduction and rape of her school-going daughter in Betul district in February this year.Inspector General of Police (Hoshangabad range) Vijay Katiyar said Rajesh Harode, who allegedly raped the class VIII student on February 10 and was absconding since then, has been arrested. While six persons have been booked on the charge of murder, cases for criminal intimidation were slapped against three persons, including a woman.The woman, identified as Rani, was allegedly involved in the abduction of the girl along with a local hoodlum Rajesh Harode, who had raped her. Initially, the police arrested Rani but she got bail from the local court.Bantu, alias Mantu Yadav, who allegedly shot Imrati Bai, told the police during interrogation that Imarti Bai had falsely named his wife Rani in the kidnapping and rape case and defamed her alleging that she was part of a racket involved in trafficking of girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448498", "title": "Eco-friendly toilets for Akkalkot", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has taken an eco-friendly measure of installing bio-digesters in two public toilet blocks at the pilgrim centre of Akkalkot, about 45 km from Solapur. Bio-digesters convert organic waste into nutrient-rich liquid fertiliser and biogas, which can be used as a renewable source of electrical and heat energy, and help save water.The bio-digesters have been developed by Delhi-based Defence Research Development Organisation. MTDC will buy the technology from DRDO to install it in toilets in other tourist spots, starting from eco-sensitive regions, archaeological monuments and beaches.MTDC managing director Jagdish Patil said, \"About Rs 10 lakh have been sanctioned for installation of bio-digesters in Akkalkot, which is a popular pilgrimage center. If it is improved in terms of its infrastructure, it could become as developed as Shirdi.\"The two toilet blocks where the bio-digester technology has been installed are located near the Swami Samarth Samadhi Devasthan in Akkalkot. One block has 10 toilet seats and the other has 20. \"There is scarcity of water in Akkalkot. It is impossible to keep public toilets clean without ample water with pilgrims flocking to the place. Hence, the installation of bio-digesters units here, which save water that otherwise goes to waste by way of flushing in ordinary toilets,\" said Naina Gurav, regional manager, MTDC, Pune.Gurav added that the MTDC is planning to replicate this technology in toilets at Elephanta Caves, MTDC resorts in Mahabaleshwar and Matheran, toilets in the parking area of Sinhagad fort and MTDC resorts that will come up in eco-sensitive regions such as Tadoba, Nagzira and Ramtek.Bio-digesters are already being used in house boats at Dal lake in Srinagar, have been installed on a trial basis in houses in Lakshadweep and are in use in certain trains.Shashikant N Manapure, director at Go Green Solutions, a green consulting company undertaking the work for MTDC, said, \"The bio-digester technology does not need any chemical/mechanical or electrical backup to operate. Once the unit is fitted in the toilets, it does not need any maintenance. The technology is a substitute for septic tanks. A bio-digester is an anaerobic fermentation tank made of fibreglass reinforced plastic. It is an airtight tank, which holds the waste from toilets. Microbial action then disintegrates waste into small particles and eventually converts it into gases and fertile liquid that can be used as fertilisers for agriculture, gardening and the like.\" He added that the technology leaves no sludge as residue.Manapure said the technology has several advantages: apart from being a one-time investment to being maintenance-free, it saves water, reduces pollution and produces by-products that serve as fertilisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447747", "title": "Auto strike at Park Circus Area", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 500 autos went off the roads at Park Circus area on Wednesday after police arrested one of the auto drivers for hurting a police officer.Police said trouble started over the past couple of weeks after traffic police began a crackdown on autos which were parked in the middle of Bridge No. 4 of Park Circus.More than 500 autos have gone off the roads at Park Circus area on Wednesday after police booked one of them for hurting a police officer. Police said that the trouble has started with the autos for past couple of weeks after traffic police started a crack down against the auto drivers who used to park their vehicles on the middle of the number 4 bridge of Park Circus.\"The bridge is one of the key connectors between EM Bypass and the rest of the city. For illegal parking of the autos on the bridge, traffic used to be blocked leading to huge traffic snarls. To curb this menace, traffic police installed pedestrian guard rails and started taking stringent action against illegal parking of autos,\" said an officer. These measures reportedly caused scuffles between police and auto drivers.\"The problem turned serious on March 23 after an auto driver drove his vehicle over the foot of a traffic sergeant when the officer gave him a chase for illegal parking on March 23 afternoon,\" said a senior officer of Kolkata Police's traffic department.The officer, Arijit Ghosh reportedly sustained a fracture following which a complaint was lodged against the auto driver at Karaya Police station.On Tuesday, the accused auto driver Sadab Alam was arrested and booked under section 279, 332 IPC. Alam was produced in before the court and remanded in 14 days' judicial custody. to judicial custody for 14 days.Soon, the Trinamool Congress-led auto union called a strike in protest against the arrest and took off all the autos from the Topsia -Park Circus route.The leader of the auto union, however, alleged that the incident was accidental and Alam had no intentions of hurting the officer. He also accused the police of turning a blind eye to shuttle cars which are parked at the same place.Police keeping the eyes blind when scores of shuttle cars are parking at the same place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448249", "title": "Leopard found dead, paws missing", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old male leopard with its paws missing was found dead in the forests of Devkhop-Tandelpada in Palghar on Tuesday, raising suspicions of poachers in the region.N R Pravin, deputy conservator of forests, Dahanu said, when locals were questioned, they said they had laid a trap for wild boars but the leopard walked into the wire mesh trap. However, forest officials rushed to the spot only to find the front paws of the leopard missing.The leopard's body was sent for a post-mortem, the results of which showed that the animal's windpipe was choked leading to its death. This is the second case in the last three months where a leopard has been killed. In January 2012, a resort owner in Vasai was arrested for allegedly poisoning a leopard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449417", "title": "Traders, jewelers to observe UP Bandh on March 30", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing jewellers' strike entered day 12. The jewellers chose Chowk Sarafa to stage a demonstration on Wednesday. They then took out a procession till Bada Chauraha. They held placards in their hands and raised anti-government slogans. They later handed over a memorandum to the district magistrate, demanding immediate roll back of the excise duty proposed in the Union Budget.Pushpendra Jaiswal, president, Akhil Bharatiya Swarnkar Vikas Parishad, told TOI that the city jewellers had decided to stage a massive protest on Thursday. He said the jewellers would be stopping trains at either COD or the Cantt crossing to wake up the Central government.The jewellers have also decided to observe UP Bandh on March 30. The jewellers fraternity has received support from various trade unions of the city. The jewellers and the traders would be observing the Kanpur Bandh on March 30 as a part of the UP Bandh on the same day.On Wednesday, the jewellers along with the traders and the members of Kanpur Udyog Vyapar Mandal moved around in the city and asked the shopkeepers of different markets to render their support to the bandh. The jewellers and traders met the shopkeepers of Naveen Market, PPN market, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Lal Bangla etc. The shopkeepers vowed to support the movement and said they would keep their shops and stores closed to make Kanpur Bandh a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452239", "title": "Akshay Kumar roots for Katrina Kaif", "text": "She has perhaps been Akshay Kumar's most successful onscreen lover in recent times. And thus when AR Murugadoss finalised Akshay for his next Hindi project after Ghajini , the actor proposed the name of his favourite onscreen partner Katrina Kaif to the director.And now, Mirror has found out that Murugadoss has asked Kat to play the female lead in his upcoming project.Currently Murugadoss is busy shooting the remaining portions of his Tamil venture titled Thupakki starring Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal.\"Katrina and Akshay have done six films together. They share a very good rapport and have a sizzling onscreen chemistry. Murugadoss was only too happy to take Akshay's suggestion about casting Kat in the female lead for his film,\" said our source.The only problem however, could be Katrina's hike in remuneration. But according to our source, the actress who refused Rajinikanth's Tamil venture due to the fee hike will be more flexible when it comes to monies for Akshay Kumar .The film is scheduled to go on floors in November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454137", "title": "Allu Aravind's push to Dil Raju", "text": "Both these mega producers are friends and secret partners in business from a long time. Now, with Allu Aravind pushing his own movie to Dil Raju, people are wondering!Latest buzz in tinsel town is that Allu Aravind has placed a profit making venture in the hands of Dil Raju. It is nothing but the distribution of small budget wonder 'Ee Rojullo' movie. As youth laid a red-carpet to this movie, makers have opted to increase theatres to a double. All the makers of this movie, including director Maruthi, producer SKN are thick friends with stylish star Allu Arjun.It is heard that Allu Aravind helped a lot for this movie during release and publicity. Irrespective of all these, now he has kept the hands of 'Ee Rojullo' in Dil Raju's company. While no one sensing something fishy here, they say that Aravind's busy has made him deflect this movie out of his camp. With all his recent distribution ventures failing, 'Ee Rojullo' is a push for Dil Raju too.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12448687", "title": "Khalsa College is 1st runner-up at PU sports tourney", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Khalsa College for Women is on cloud nine, as it has clinched overall first runners-up sports trophy of Panjab University, Chandigarh. In the academic year, the college won 54 gold, 36 silver and 28 bronze medals in different games in inter college and university sports competitions. In inter-college competitions of baseball, softball, cricket and taekwondo, its students stood first.A baseball player, Ruby Bala, 19, said it was a dream come true. ''Now, we will work towards bagging the champions trophy. Without the support of the college authorities, it wouldn't have been possible... as we practised, they made sure we had the required equipment and coaching.''Taekwondo player, Azadbir Kaur, said she had won a gold medal in all-India inter-university taekwondo meet. ''In 2011, we had bagged second runners-up trophy and this year, we went a step ahead. Now, we will emerge overall winners.''Sukhpreet, a softball player, said, ''It is not easy to beat us in softball... we give a tough competition.''Head of physical education department Amarjeet Kaur said, ''We are proud of their success. Amarjeet Kaur, Raj Rani, Ruby Bala, Amanjot Kaur and Sandeep Kaur have received distinction from the university.''Principal Varinder Kaur Thind said, ''Students and faculty's hard work and determination have paid off. Our institute has produced many talented players and some of them have made us proud in national and international sports meet.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449149", "title": "IIT-M to split biotech course", "text": "CHENNAI: The biotechnology department of the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT-M)has proposed some big changes to revamp their B Tech programme.The department has decided to convert its B Tech biotechnology course into two five-year integrated dual degrees - a (BS &amp; MS) in biological sciences and a (B Tech &amp; M Tech) in biological engineering - from the coming academic year. It is also considering introducing a two-year interdisciplinary MSc programme in sustainability from next year. The proposal will be discussed at the senate meeting in July.\"The B Tech course is a combination of engineering and science, and we have found that it is difficult to cover the extent of the field in four years. After completing it, some students would like to opt for an industrial job, while others look to pursue research. The two options will help students focus on what they want to do,\" said head of the biotechnology department Mukesh Doble.The biological sciences course offers scope to get into the core discipline, while computational courses will be incorporated into the BTech programme. Professor Doble said several small changes have been made to the BTech course started in 2004. Such constant revamping is expected to continue for 10 years. The biotechnology programme draws students from a wide range of specialisations. Research in the department is interdisciplinary and is apt for applicants with a background in physics, chemistry, maths or computational sciences.Professor Doble added that so far the change has evoked a good response from students. \"I had students writing to me asking about the prospects and admission process for the courses. We will have to wait till July when the academic year begins to see the response,\" he said.Academic courses dean K Ramaurthy said: \"We have approved the sustainability programme at the department level. It will be a true interdisciplinary programme involving six departments including civil, mechanical, chemical engineering and management departments.\"As it requires the collaboration of several departments, the course, after getting the senate's approval, will be introduced in the 2013-14 academic year. The institute is looking to draw students from various specialisations to the course.The University of Leeds in UK offers a similar programme through their School of Earth and Environment, and offers seven specialisations in climate change; business, environment and corporate responsibility; environmental consultancy and project management; environment and development; ecological economics, environmental politics and policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12447213", "title": "Spicy affair for chilli ryots as prices rise in international market", "text": "GUNTUR: Good days seem to be returning for the crisis-hit chilli farmers as prices in the international markets have started rising again. The rates, which hit rock bottom at Rs 2,500 per quintal at the beginning of the season, have picked up and are quoted at Rs 4,500 per quintal now.Sources said that steep hike in international prices helped the traders offer reasonable rates to the farmers in the local markets. Demand for chilli stocks has increased from Sri Lanka , China, Pakistan , Malaysia and the US. Chilli price touched the skies in 2010 giving farmers a bumper price of Rs 11,000 per quintal. Interestingly, the average price in the global markets have gone up 30% as the price touched Rs 95 per kg as against Rs 62 per kg quoted during the previous season.\"With the Spices Board expecting to ship out at least 2.25 lakh tonnes by March-end, the farmers need nothing to worry about the price,\" said K Harinarayana, secretary, agriculture market committee, Guntur.The Guntur market handled about one lakh bags of chilli transactions in the past few days. Of the total country production of around 14 lakh tonnes, more than seven lakh tonnes is produced in the state. Farmers of Guntur produced over four lakh tonnes, which is around 25% of the country's total production.The price came down to around Rs 7,000 per quintal last year and further fell to Rs 2,500-3,000 in the beginning of the season. While common varieties are being picked up at Rs 3,500 per quintal, 'Guntur sannalu' variety is fetching Rs 4,200-5,500. The premium varieties of `Teja' and 'Badiga' hold sway at Rs 6,500-7,000 per quintal.About 2 lakh tonnes of stocks of the total four lakh tonnes produced in the state is yet to be transacted, which is likely to fetch the farmers good returns at the end of the current season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12449776", "title": "TV channels warned against fake advertisements", "text": "THANE: As many as 48 TV channels have been issued warning letters by the Thane unit of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) for airing advertisements of products that make false claims of curing various ailments.\"Most ads aired during prime time attempt to convey an impression that the product on offer can rid one of diseases such as diabetes, pneumonia and asthma, among others . Some falsely proclaim that their tablets can enhance sexual pleasure, increase the height of growing children etc,\" said assistant commissioner S S Mohite.Though the channels were directed to discontinue such fake ads, only four channels, including Doordarshan and Zoom TV, have dutifully abided by the letter and stopped screening of such ads.\"Some of the ads are so weird but since they is aired on television, people would fall easy prey to such products . One advertiser blatantly announced that cancer could be cured if people keep a copy of the book Lal Kitab Amrut Jeevan,\" said Mohite.Mohite clarified the state government is not taking a stand against media channels as some have submitted an appeal against their letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12447878", "title": "No Navratra respite from sealing", "text": "NOIDA: With every Wednesday designated for shutting down illegal commercial units operating out of non-conforming areas in the city, the Noida Authority's sealing drive turned out to be another washout operation on March 27. Lasting barely 20 minutes, just eight small shops operating out of four residential premises in the Indra Market area of sector 27 were sealed. The other 28 properties identified by enforcement teams of the Authority had, meanwhile, downed their shutters anticipating the crackdown.Led by Noida's administrative officer, Rajesh Prakash, the sealing team accompanied by security personnel swooped down on sector 27 around noon. The Authority's enforcement department had earlier identified 32 properties which were flouting land use norms. \"Out of these properties, it was found that three premises had banks operating from them, while there were eight clinics-cum-nursing homes being run from this sector,\" said Prakash. \"Out of the rest 21 plots, after receiving warnings from us 17 allottees decided to put up walls around their commercial units and some downed their shutters,\" he added.Armed with this list of allottees conducting unauthorized activity from their properties in the sector, the officers first sealed the shop located at E-169. \"This residential plot had four small shops operating a general store and we have sealed it,\" said Prakash. \"On Monday, we had conveyed warnings to all such establishments through the sector's RWA and market association. Though many of these shops had downed their shutters, we have sealed them to ensure that commercial activity is not resumed after the sealing drive ends,\" said Prakash.The next property to face the sealing sword was F-153, which had downed its shutters announcing that the \"shop had shifted\". \"This area had two shops operating from it. The owners were retailing jewellery and readymade garments,\" explained Noida's officer on special duty, Manoj Rai, who was part of the drive.The sealing team also shut down four shops running out of F-125 and another garment shop at E-177.Having adopted a new method of dealing with unauthorized commercial activity in the city, the Authority officials said that it was showing results as residents were being cooperative. \"The new method that we have adopted by informing the residents beforehand about where the sealing drive is going to take place, instead of using guerrilla tactics, has resulted in residents voluntarily downing their shutters,\" said Rai. \"We are getting a good response and cooperation from the RWAs too. At the end of the day, everyone will benefit with this attitude,\" Rai added.In a meeting held on Wednesday evening, the acting chairman and CEO, Anil Raj Kumar charted out the next destination of the sealing drive. Kumar has directed his officials to conduct the next sealing operation on April 4 in sector 26 and 28.Meanwhile, the next hearing of the Supreme Court on the nursing homes is scheduled for March 30. The hearing for banks will also be announced on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452296", "title": "Journey of Indian dance by Gauri Jog", "text": "Gauri Jog, renowned Indian dancer and teacher staged their annual show \"Journey of Indian Dance (Kathak Yatra) at Prairie Center for the Arts at Schaumburg, IL .The show was another example of professionalism and creativity of Gauri Jog who has been running her not for profit dance school, Indian Dance School in Chicago area for the past 12 years.The concept of this program was to depict the transformation of this beautiful dance form from its ancient form of art depicting Indian mythology and scriptures to its present state of dance with contemporary themes. Audience got the opportunity to see Kathak dance in its pure classical form to Kathak as used in Bollywood films today. Every dance presented in this program depicted distinct aspects of Kathak in varying proportions like Amad is a dramatic entry of the dancer on the stage, Thaat (a slow and graceful section), Todas, Tukra and Paran (in which dancer continuously improvises on given composition), Parhant (rhythmic light steps) and Tatkar which is strong footwork. In general dancers will have to build good skills in Nritya which is pure dance and Natya which is miming or acting, said Kaitlyn Millner, who attended the program.The program started with full house with traditional Ganesh Vandana, a prayer to Lord Ganesha to seek his blessings. Then there were series of dances to depict the stories from great epics of Ramayana and Mahabharata. In the first dance they showed naughty pranks Lord Krishna as a child &amp; a teaser of Gopis in Vrindavan. In the second dance they showed the story of Dashavatar (ten incarnations of Lord Vishnu). In yet another dance the story of Lord Rama as a young boy was depicted using popular song \"Thumak Chalat\". The audience gave a big applause for small girls dancing Thumak Chalat with extra ordinary energy. Indian dance school currently has students learning from as early as four years old.In yet another classical series, four dances were presented using Thumri, Sargam, Tarana and Chatrang. Chatrang which represented four aspects of Kathak namely Paran, Expression, Sargam and Palte was performed by senior students of Indian Dance School with grace and energy.Gauri Jog lived up to her expectation of presenting something new in her every new Kathak ballet. This time they presented their new dance Kathak using basketball . This was widely appreciated by the audience. In the past students of Indian Dance School have done fusion with many dance styles including Bharatnatyam, Odissi, Flamenco and American Ballet. Gauri Jog has evolved a unique style to combine classical, Bollywood, folk and yoga to satisfy all those looking to learn multiple dance styles and benefit from them. I always challenge myself and my students to do something different and that is how such programs are born, said Gauri.The centerpiece of the program was Trivat dance performed by Gauri Jog and Isha Jog invoked big applause which showed absolute coordination between the dancers while performing on Bols, Sargam and Kavit. There are many mother daughter combinations learning dance together at Indian Dance School and it is perhaps best time spent with my daughter to build ever lasting relationship, one woman said. The program also featured \"Mujra\" to represent how Kathak was transformed during Mughal empire in India as a form of entertainment. The program ended with a Gypsy dance performed by young and aspiring students of Gauri jog. This dance composition was inspired by Rajasthani folk music.This program certainly entertained and educated many who were attending Indian Dance program for the first time. It also showed creative potential of Gauri Jog who has been practicing Kathak for the past 35 years. She emphasized on the fact that many parents expect their kids to go and perform on stage after enrolling in dance school for few months. This is not correct. Dance is journey and you can only become good dancer by following meditation, hard work and passion, she said. I am so happy to see many of our students who follow this art form with passion and spend time learning new techniques instead of spending time on Facebook and computers, she said.Gauri Jog also teaches Kathak online to large number of students even from India. Her website http://www.gaurijog.com has invaluable information about this dance style and includes all the research she has done for the last 30 years. She has produced finest ballets such as Shakuntala, Fire - the Fiery Take, East Meets West and Jhansi Ki Rani, Olympics, Ramayana to name few. They have so far performed more than 2000 dances in North America and have certainly built a reputation for professionalism, creativity and hard work. This is perhaps the reason her shows are sold out as soon as they are announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12448857", "title": "NCC activities in Allahabad University may get a jolt", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the state government withdrawing funds needed for the National Cadet Core (NCC) activities in various Central institutions, the fate of around 500 NCC cadets, belonging to Allahabad University and its constituent colleges hangs in balance. The Mayawati government has stopped funding all institutes, including Boys High School (BHS), coming under the preview of Central government or funded by boards.In a letter send to the university in December last year, the then state government had mentioned that the university is a Central government institute and it would no longer give funds for NCC activities. The university has to bear the expenses from its own resources.At present, there are around 500 cadets enrolled under three units, 1/15 Infantry Unit, 2 UP Arty Battery and 1 UP Naval unit. Students of Allahabad University, Jagat Taran Degree College, Shyama Prasad Mukerjee College and Ewing Christian College (ECC) are enrolled in the three units of NCC at Allahabad, which is also the zonal headquarters.Of the expenses that are incurred per cadet, refreshment allowance is provided at the rate of Rs 6 per parade for a total of 40 parades. Apart from this, washing allowance is also given to the cadet which is Rs 10 per month for six months. Likewise, Rs 888 is incurred for the expenditure on each camp which are two in a year, wherein the total expenses comes to Rs 1,776. Apart from these, a mess allowance of Rs 800 and the honorarium of Rs 3,000 is given to the ANO. Honorarium is also given to lieutenant or others officers.Earlier, funds for all these activities of NCC were provided by the state government.The university authorities have yet not decided to provide the funds to the cadets who attended the parades in January and February. The new batch of cadets and the year-long activities would start from July. If by then, the authorities fail to decide over the issue of funds, it would affect the NCC activities.The faculty members incharge of conducting NCC activities at university had spend money from their pocket for providing refreshment to the cadets in anticipation that they would get back the money once the funds are made available.The authorities of BHS, having around 70 cadets, have informed the NCC authorities that the school would be providing all the funds needed for various activities for the year 2012-13, principal David Luke said.University finance officer P K Singh said: \"We have written to the state government for continuing the funding and the University Grant Commission (UGC) for providing the funds. There is no need to worry as the total amount of around Rs 15 lakh would be provided to NCC authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449659", "title": "Man gets life for raping teen daughter for over two years", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Wednesday sentenced a 45-yearold man to life imprisonment for raping his minor daughter over a two-year period. Shahbuddin Khan was fined Rs 50,000, failing which he would have to undergo another six months' imprisonment.The Shivaji Nagar police, in February 2011, arrested Khan for allegedly raping the 13-year-old girl at their Govandi hutment for over two years. Khan was booked under sections 376 (rape) and 506 (II) (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and has been in jail since. Khan managed to silence his wife and daughter by threatening them with dire consequences.However, the duo approached an NGO, which in turn took them to the police. Khan, a labourer, forced himself on his daughter every time his wife stepped out of the house. The prosecution said that he sent his wife to her village on many occasions so that he could rape their daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449821", "title": "\u2018Leaked questions\u2019 mass distributed, say students", "text": "These are all confirmed questions, please do not leave any questions.' This message was part of an SMS, the contents of which listed all the theory questions that the sender claimed were guaranteed to appear in the final-year commerce exam paper in 'Marketing and Human Resource Management', held on Wednesday.When TYBcom students got the message-some received it hours before the paper, others on Tuesday-their immediate reaction was one of scepticism. But even those who took it with a pinch of salt made it a point to revise the answers to those questions 'just in case'. At 11am, when students entered the exam hall and received the paper, they were shocked. Every theory question in the SMS was printed in the official paper they were holding in their hands.So did Wednesday's MHRM question paper leak ? To add to the confusion, many students have received another chain message with 'important questions' for Thursday's paper on Export Marketing.Mumbai University officials have denied both the leaks and rubbished them as rumours. But many of the 70,000 students, who took the MHRM paper, said that the chain message was not limited to SMSes: They were doing the rounds on Blackberry messenger and WatsA pp messenger.Former senate member Parag Vedak who received the SMS 30 minutes before the exam was about to begin said he showed the message to varsity officials, but claimed they refused to take it seriously.A student from a college in the western suburbs said : \"We were surprised to find that most of the questions we got matched those in the paper . Students who followed the message would have successfully attempted 45 marks out of the 60-mark paper. I got the message at 6.30pm, Tuesday, on WatsA pp.\" Another student said, \"The paper had objectivetype questions of 15 marks , which are easy to score . The SMS had all the theory questions. It is not fair to students who have studied sincerely for the exam .\"Madhu Nair, dean of commerce , claimed that only 60% of the questions asked in the paper were similar to the questions in the text message. \"After ten years of teaching, anybody can predict 60% of the questions. We will have to check the exact sentences that were framed. As of now, we don't believe it to be a leak.\" But a student told TOI: \"Questions in the SMS were numbered with sub-questions and the paper code, which made it look all the more authentic . The sequence of the questions in the paper was almost similar, if not the same.\"The in-charge controller of examination, S M Suryawanshi, denied that it was a leak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447882", "title": "700 fleet cabs return but panic sets in as one found gutted", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 700 Meru Cabs returned to the roads on Wednesday morning but some drivers panicked as news came in of a cab being burned at Kherwadi in Bandra (E).Meru CEO Rajesh Puri suspected foul play but the police claimed it was an accidental fire. Puri told TOI, \"I have recorded telephonic conversations of union-affiliated drivers, who say that our cars are being damaged and drivers are being attacked by Swabhiman Sanghatana. This is the first time in five years that a fleet cab has caught fire in Mumbai. We will move court on the issue and demand a detailed probe.\"Kherwadi police senior inspector Avduth Chavan said, \"We suspect the hand brake caused the fire and there was no foul play.\" It was a brand new Logan worth about Rs 7 lakh.Sanghatana president Nitesh Rane alleged that Puri had staged the drama of creating unrest, attacking drivers and damaging his own cabs. \"He is falsely accusing union members. He wants the company to suffer losses and shut it down. We have information that he has been bought over by a rival fleetcab company to cause financial damage to Meru.\"He stated that the union wanted peaceful dialogue but that Puri had refused to meet them for a week.Puri denied the claims, saying Meru was a big brand in Mumbai. \"Why should I want the company to incur losses and shut it down? It is a figment of Rane's imagination,\" he said. Puri said he had tapes of a recorded conversation wherein a sacked driver, Deepak Mishra, called up the Meru call centre and threatened to shut down the company. \"Another call by Sanghatana member Akhtar Ali Khan clearly indicated the union was responsible for the 96 incidents of violence and attacks in the past one week,\" Puri said. \"It is unusual for a car parked at night to catch fire on its own,\" he stated.Meanwhile, the driver who had threatened over the phone to \"break\" Puri's legs, has been summoned for questioning by the Bangur Nagar police.The police are also conducting an inquiry against union leader K K Tiwari, against whom there are two complaints of threatening drivers. The police said his arrest is likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12449327", "title": "10 Sursagars disappeared from city's face", "text": "VADODARA: Amid the hype around the cleaning and beautification of Sursagar, the authorities could probably sit up and take notice of this - the core area of the city has lost 13 ponds since 1886 and the size of most existing ones has been reduced significantly. A study conducted by a city-based architect had revealed this way back in 2008.The study reveals that the map of the city drawn between 1884 and 1886 showed 30 water bodies across the town. The water bodies had a surface area of approximately 150 acres that would amount to nearly 10 Sursagars. The water bodies' surface area nearly amounted to 20 per cent of the area of the city, says architect Sanjiv Joshi who conducted the study 'Vanishing Water Scapes'. Joshi is also the state co-convener of the Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Cultural Heritage (INTACH).Joshi's study also reveals the 13 water bodies that vanished from the city's surface had an area of approximately 25 acres. Joshi says that the total area of the water bodies today was in the tune of only 92 acres. Barring two cases of Sursagar and Siddnath ponds, the surface area of water bodies had shrunk as compared to 1886.The study says that when the city moved away from Vadpatraka to the present walled city, one of the major reasons besides a secure elevation was the string of water bodies that existed in the area. It adds that these water bodies became an integral of the city fabric. At some stage these were also networked.Joshi said that the preservation of water bodies was must as they acted as giant water harvesters.\"Depleting ground water levels are a serious issue. The water bodies ensure that ground water is recharged and less energy is spent on drawing water from tube wells,\" Joshi said. The water bodies also enable trees and vegetation to flourish around them.The study has suggested that the Vadodara Municipal Corporation and Vadodara Urban Development Authority need to play a proactive role and also need to be held accountable. It adds that a mechanism needed to be created at a neighbourhood community level to ensure their involvement and creating a sense of ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454712", "title": "Inauguration Queen\u2019 Shraddha Das is on a spree!", "text": "Only a few days back, we told you that actor Shraddha Das thinks she should be called 'Inauguration Queen' as she has been opening shops, exhibitions and boutiques, almost everyday. We now tell you the exact number - it's 21 so far!Yes, Shraddha has been invited to 21 inaugurations this year, the latest being the inauguration of a furniture exhibition in the city. \"It's my 21st opening in a row this year,\" she informs.If not in the number of films, Shraddha surely is way ahead when it comes to store openings!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448613", "title": "Maiden movie gets Taiwan trip for poor home inmates", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: When Jincy and Anakha made 'Nishaadam', their first short film at the Chitranjali Studio, they were an excited lot. The movie was made as part of a workshop -- '25 Girls: Their Stories'. That was on New Year's Eve, two years ago.On Wednesday, Jincy and Anakha, inmates of the Sri Chitra Home for the Destitute and Infirm, were excited that their film was taking them on a trip to Taiwan. The fourteen-year-olds, with three other friends who were part of the team that made 'Nishaadam', will leave the city on Friday to participate in the Taiwan International Children's Film Festival where their movie will be screened on April 1.It was a month ago that Jincy L B and Anakha Biju were informed by media persons that their movie had been selected for the Taiwan International Film Festival. The movie would be competing in the 'Little Directors' category. \"We were speechless and couldn't believe what we heard,\" said the girls.'Nishaadam' is a nine-minute long short film based on the true story of two HIV-infected children -- Benson and Bency -- who were treated as social outcasts in their hometown, Kollam. It was made as part of a workshop where celebrities like Santhosh Sivan, Resul Pookutty, Javed Jaffri and Manianpillai Raju handled the sessions. \"We were selected for the workshop because our essays on social issues qualified for the entry in the workshop,\" explained Jincy.\"There were five of us. We worked on the script together. I handled the camera and Jincy was the assistant director,\" said Anakha. \"The movie was made in half-a-day. We had the greatest times of our lives then,\" she added.Sanjeev Sivan, who was the director of the camp, sent the movie for the Taiwan International Children's Film Festival. Sivan, who is already in Taiwan for the festival, would pep up the girls for the big day. The girls were supposed to have reached on March 27 but the trip got delayed as two in the group got their passports late. The government has sanctioned Rs 5 lakh for meeting the expenditure for the trip.\"I hope Taiwan is beautiful and the people are nice,\" said Anakha. \"I hope it snows in Taiwan,\" her friend Jincy chipped in. \"We certainly hope we don't have to eat snake noodles there. Everybody keeps telling us that that is all they serve in Taiwan,\" said the anxious children.Anakha and Jincy are ninth standard students of Fort High School and Fort Girl's Mission High School respectively. Hima Chandran of NSS College, Asmi Rejuwalla Fatema of Kaniyapuram School and Vishnupriya of Manacaud VHSS School are the three other friends who were part of the movie project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453281", "title": "TV ad brings NTR and Trivikram together", "text": "Much to the delight of NTR's fans, Trivikram has finally directed NTR, albeit only for an ad.The ad in question is the Navarathna talc commercial and it will be aired on Television soon.NTR is the brand ambassador of Navaratna talk in Andhra Pradesh and his earlier ad was directed by Rajamouli.NTR and Trivikram reportedly hit it off very well during the shoot and this should hopefully get them to plan a project together.Trivikram has a cult following among Telugu movie lovers and NTR has a superb image among the masses.If these two come together, it will be a sensational project in Telugu Film Industry.Let us hope that these two stars come together for a full length film soon.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12452213", "title": "Letter leak: Army chief calls it an act of high treason as tension with govt escalates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General VK Singh has broken his silence on the raging controversy following the leaking of his letter to the Prime Minister. Talking to Times Now, Gen Singh said that it was an act of \"high treason\" which must be probed and the guilty be dealt with \"ruthlessly\". According to defence sources, the Intelligence Bureau (IB) has been asked to probe the leak of the official communication between the Army chief and the Prime Minister in which he pointed out the deficiencies in the Army's war preparedness.Earlier, tensions between Army chief and the government escalated today over the leak of his letter to the Prime Minister on national security, trigerring demands for his removal as defence minister AK Antony promised \"appropriate action\".For the second day today, Rajya Sabha was thrown into a tumult after a media report on the purported contents of the letter in which Gen Singh had reportedly said the country's security may be at stake forcing the top leadership of the government to go into a huddle with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Today's development came on top of an acrimony between the Army chief and the government in the last two days over his media interview in which he had claimed that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by a retired Lt Gen for swinging a sub-standard defence deal.\"I have made serious note of the observations. After consulting the Prime Minister and colleagues, we will take appropriate action,\" Antony said after members expressed serious concerns over issues of national security, a confidential matter, being being brought to public domain through media leaks.JDU) member Shivanand Tiwari demanded the Army chief's removal while Pyari Mohan Mohanpatra said \"people who are to be sacked should be sacked immediately\".CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said those responsible for the leak should be held accountable irrespective of the position held by them.Though the Congress party steered clear of the controversy, Union minister Vyalar Ravi attacked Gen Singh saying his actions reflected \"frustrations\" of an individual who had to withdraw his petition on the age row in the Supreme Court.Gen Singh was away from the capital on an official visit to Jammu and Kashmir and paid obeisance at the Vaishnao Devi temple.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448302", "title": "29-yr-old stabbed to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 29-year-old youth was stabbed to death in the middle of the main road on LBS Marg in Bhandup (W) early Wednesday. Six men were arrested for the murder on Wednesday afternoon.The main accused, Ravi Chandalia alias Salman, told the police that he was in love with a woman and was angry at the victim, Rajendra Narvekar, for meeting her.\"Narvekar used to support her financially. Chandalia was against their relationship,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Narvekar went to the woman's house at 11.30pm. Chandalia and his accomplices - Sandeep Tushamar alias Miranda, Ravi Taka alias Gotya, Vijay Chandalia alias Prem, Yogesh Bidlan and Sunny Lohera - barged in and attacked him. Narvekar managed to escape and ran towards the station. \"They chased Narvekar and attacked him with a sharp object. He died on the spot,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447164", "title": "Mayor asked to look into traffic problems", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic chaos at various parts of the city was discussed at a meeting of police officials with newly elected mayor Yatin Wagh.With almost everyone having high expectations from the newly elected house at Nashik Municipal Corporation, the city police too gave a list of their needs to the mayor for proper governing of traffic.\"Some spots witness continuous traffic snarls in the absence of traffic cops. We have asked the mayor to look into such issues,\" said DCP Sunil Phulari. While there are no road dividers at many places, at some others, dividers have been pushed aside for convenience. Areas like Sarda Circle, Mico Circle, Mumbai Naka, Dwarka and Pathari Phata are not properly aligned, making it difficult for cops to maintain a smooth flow of traffic, added Phulari.The mayor has also been asked to look into the issue of parking. Motorists are forced to park their vehicles wherever there is space due to the absence of parking lots. This narrows the space left for motorists, causing more accidents. Setting up parking lots should also help control the menace of vehicle thefts.The issue of traffic signals was also brought up. There are areas where the need for a traffic signal is felt, said the police. There aren't any traffic signals on Gangapur Road, giving rise to rash driving in the area. Many also attribute the lack of traffic signals on this road to the many chain-snatching incidents, as miscreants can flee unhindered.In other areas, traffic signals do not function properly and many go off when there is no power supply in the area. Phulari said that all signals should be in working condition and to ensure that power cuts do not affect the working of the same, inverters should be installed near signals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449961", "title": "Ex-serviceman arrested for murder bid", "text": "GURGAON: An ex-serviceman and one of his sons were arrested in a case of attempted murder. The ex-serviceman and five of his family members were accused of having shot at four persons including a woman in a property dispute around 12:25pm in Langara village in Bilaspur on Wednesday. After the incident the accused fled from the spot and the injured were admitted to a private hospital in Gurgaon. Two of the injured were reported critical.The dispute was between two villagers, Subhash and retired army captain Ramswaroop. Cops said that the case was in the high court and Subhash's supporters claim that they had won the case.On Wednesday, a brawl broke out when Subhash and his family members tried to begin construction on the plot. The family of the ex-serviceman reached there and a fight ensued. At this point, Retd Captain Ramswaroop reached with his 12 bore gun and start firing. Ramswaroop and his two sons are alleged to fired 10 to 12 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448710", "title": "11 test positive for H1N1; three off ventilators", "text": "PUNE: As many as 11 people tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Wednesday in the city.According to the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) health department officials, \"Of four patients, who were put on ventilators in various hospitals in the city, three were taken off ventilators on Wednesday as they registered improvement during the treatment.\"Officials added that they hold enough stock of Tamiflu tablets to combat the cases. Meanwhile, Pimpri Chinchwad area registered three positive cases of swine flu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452098", "title": "Bipasha hunts for a new house to party", "text": "Seems her ex-boyfriend's Bohemian ways have rubbed off on her as well. A friend of Bipasha told Mirror that the actress is on a leather hunt for a sprawling (at least 6,000 sq ft) party pad where she can elaborately entertain her friends. But that doesn't mean she will sell off her Khar flat where she currently resides.Bipasha confirmed the news and added, \"I cannot entertain my friends in my Khar flat which is why I am looking out for a new one. I usually do most of the cooking when I call my friends over during weekends. I have more than 40 friends, who are like four groups, ten of whom are common friends. Now if I cook in a closed kitchen, I start feeling like a maid. I want to cook right in front of them.\"Bips, as she is fondly called, went on to say, \"I am looking for a big house, precisely, a penthouse that would also have a swimming pool. Importantly, it should have a large open space that would house a kitchen too. I will cook there and my guests will eat there as well.\"Not so long ago, the same Bipasha transformed her current 4-BHK flat in Khar to a 1-BHK one. So, it comes as a huge surprise that she is now looking for another, bigger flat. Ribbed about this sudden change of heart, the actress laughed, \"Yeah. I wanted a big room and a huge bathroom. Frankly, I won't sell my current flat. I might still stay there for some days every month. Let's see how it goes.\"More on the actress: She is also looking for a house in Goa. \"I am quite a beach person. I love running on the beach. I take off to Goa very frequently. So why not have some property there too?\" she said matter-of-factly.Meanwhile, her friend told us that Bips is also joining some cooking classes that would enhance her cooking abilities. Apparently, she wants to be a master of every kind of cuisine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448098", "title": "Schools can\u2019t do business: State", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to crack down on private schools in Mumbai if they use their premises for commercial purposes.The government is keen to curb mushrooming of spurious CBSE and ICSE schools in Mumbai and new guidelines will be introduced within 10 days, school education minister Rajendra Darda said in the state legislative assembly on Wednesday.According to the school education report, there are 6.12 lakh students studying in various schools in Mumbai. \"No school will be allowed to carry out commercial activities. A committee will be formed to examine the issue related to schools in south Mumbai,\" said Darda.Darda was replying to a debate in the assembly on a calling attention motion moved by BJP MLA Mangal Prabhat Lodha. The motion raised the issue of prominent schools in south Mumbai closing down the educational institutes allegedly for \"commercial gains\".Speaker of the assembly Dilip Walse Patil claimed that colleges in South Mumbai were planning to shut down for commercial gains.\"We will table the issue in the state cabinet and frame a policy to restrict schools from exploiting the premises,\" Darda said. MNS MLA Pravin Darekar said there was a craze for CBSE and ICSE schools. \"Schools which do not have proper infrastructure have started CBSE and ICSE schools in slums. There is no check on the standard of education,\" Darekar alleged.During the debate, Madhu Chavan, Ashok Jadhav and Nawab Mailk raised the issue of schools switching over from the SSC system to the CBSE and ICSE formats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448628", "title": "'Wastelands home to threatened species of owls'", "text": "PUNE: A study on five different species of owls co-inhabiting the Deccan plateau and coastal region of Konkan in western Maharashtra revealed that areas, which at times are categorised as 'wastelands', are home to threatened species such as Indian eagle owl and spotted owlet.The study conducted by city-based Ela Foundation and Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) to understand habitat and food niche partitioning of these owl species also says that habitat destruction due to developmental projects in such lands may eventually cause the species to desert a region.Five species of owls belonging to the family tytonidae (barn owl) and the family strigidae (Indian eagle owl, brown fish owl, mottled wood owl and spotted owlet) were studied for their habitat and food niche partitioning. Food niche partitioning refers to the process by which natural selection drives competing species into different patterns of resource (food) use or different niches.\"The spotted owlets and the Indian eagle owls had the most compact habitat clusters indicating a more specific habitat requirement, namely scrubs and grasslands, than the mottled wood owls, which prefer deciduous forests and grooves. While barn owls and brown fish owls occupy more diverse habitats, the latter preferring more water bodies and evergreen forests in their habitat,\" said Ela Foundation's Satish Pande, who is also a fellow at the Maharashtra Academy of Science.He said that not much has been researched on the habitat and food preferences of owls as the species is nocturnal. \"Therefore, a very important aspect of conserving ecology is to understand how various species of animals and birds co-habit in similar territories and still not compete with one another for food. Thus, how these raptors partitioned their food and habitats was studied. We chose owls for the study because it is important to identify their habitats in order to conserve the species.\"Habitats of nocturnal species, as is the case of diurnal species, are being destroyed due to several reasons. \"Much attention has been paid to address the issue of destruction of habitats that are home to diurnal species. However, hardly any research has been undertaken to address the destruction of habitats belonging to nocturnal species. Hence, it is important to first identify such habitats and then conserve them. Conserving a habitat will ultimately help in conserving the biodiversity that it is home to,\" said Pande.The Indian eagle owls have a more specific habitat requirement, namely scrubs and grasslands, which has been considered as a wasteland by the authorities since a very long time. \"Hence, such land types are vulnerable to development activities, which may gradually drive away this species from there. Thus, there is a need for impact assessment prior to undertaking developmental projects in 'wastelands', which often have outstanding diversity,\" Pande added.The study found that the brown fish owl selects waterbodies as its habitat and sustains on an aquatic diet. \"This species therefore does not compete with other species for food. However, having a habitat that suits the needs of the brown fish owl is uncertain because it inhabits evergreen forest territories with perennial waterbodies. The rampant destruction of such waterbodies in the region studied has driven most of these birds away from there,\" he said.Neelesh Dahanukar of IISER handled the statistical analysis of the research. \"The research identifies the different habitats occupied by these raptors, which will ultimately help in conserving these habitats as well as the species,\" he said.Indian eagle owls and spotted owlets had maximum food overlap in terms of mammalian, avian, reptilian and insect prey, followed by barn owls and mottled wood owls. However, the Indian eagle owls prefers larger prey while the spotted owlets opted for smaller species. \"Brown fish owls had the least overlap with other owls in food preference because they took fish and aquatic invertebrates,\" Pande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448523", "title": "In six hours, six gold chains worth Rs 3.3 lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: The city witnessed a spurt in chain snatching crimes as six chains worth Rs 3.30 lakh were snatched in five incidents in a span of six hours on Wednesday. The incidents took place in Karvenagar, Kothrud, Rasta Peth and Hadapsar between 6 am and 12.30 pm.The first incident took place around 6 am at Rasta Peth. Anila Prabhakar Khole (72) of Rasta Peth was cleaning the area in front of her house, when two persons on motorcycle approached her.\"One of them asked her the address of Apollo theatre. While she was giving directions, the pillion rider snatched her gold chain worth Rs 40,000 and fled,\" said inspector B B Ingale of the Samarth police station.The second incident took place at Kothrud after four hours. Vaishali Ashok Wad (65) of Kaunteya Apartments, Ideal colony, and her husband were going to a bank in Mayur colony. When they came near Jog high school, two persons on motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 50,000, and fled. Assistant police inspector A D Walambe of the Kothrud police station is investigating the case.An hour later, suspects snatched three gold chains of two women in Karvenagar area. Around 11 am, when Megha Sunil Rapatwar (37) of Karvenagar was walking towards her home, two suspects on motorcycle snatched her two gold chain worth Rs 85,000. Within 15 minutes, the same suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 75,000 in Karvenagar area. Rama Shankar Shetty (38) of Hirkani colony in Karvenagar has lodged a complaint with the Warje Malwadi police station in this regard. The incident took place when Shetty was returning home after dropping her son to school. Senior police inspector Sunil Darekar of the Warje Malwadi police station is investigating the case.The fifth incident took place at Hadapsar around 12.30 pm. Vidya Shrikant Admulwar (48) was waiting for her relative on a footpath near a bank in Hadapsar. Two motorcycle-borne suspects came near her and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 80,000. Assistant police inspector S S Chavan of the Hadapsar police station is investigating the case. Following the chain snatchings, the city police conducted nakabandi in many parts of the city. Police also checked several suspected vehicles during the day.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare said, \"I visited Kothurd, Warje Malwadi and gave directions to conduct nakabandi, vehicle checking. We have also started checking criminals on police record.\"eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448125", "title": "Another extension for CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The central bureau of investigation (CBI) has sought an extension of another two month from the Supreme Court in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. In their application before the SC the CBI has informed that they are at a crucial stage and will require two months to investigate the missing links.It was in April last year that the CBI was handed over the investigation of the Tulsiram Prajapati case by the SC. A period of six months was given to the CBI to complete preliminary investigation. The CBI later was given another three month extension.CBI in its charge sheet filed for the Sohrabuddin case, had earlier claimed that the history sheeter was gunned down by Gujarat Anti-Terrorist Squad over an extortion racket. CBI officials had also termed the encounter as nothing more than a contract killing. The CBI had even questioned three major marble traders in Rajasthan in connection with Tulsiram's murder in December last year.\"While investigating the Sohrabuddin case we had felt that the accused officers may use certain loopholes in the investigation to their advantage. We have to fill these missing links and we will do this in these two months,\" says a senior officer in the CBI.The CBI had earlier claimed that the third person traveling with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi in the bus was Tulsiram Prajapati.\"On can expect more arrests in April this year once we strengthen our investigation in the Tulsiram fake encounter,\" claims the CBI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454395", "title": "Mahesh Babu replaced Rajinikanth", "text": "Mahesh has begun to get national acceptance as south Indian superstar.Though it is not discussed in open, the general fact is that there has always been a divide between the north and south in the entertainment industry. So it is hard for those in the south to make their presence felt in the north. But one man broke the shackles few decades back. He is superstar Rajinikanth .Even today, he has a mass following across the nation and many are eager to watch him onscreen. Now, it appears that a suitable replacement has come for Rajini. This is in the form of prince Mahesh Babu. Yes, Mahesh has begun to get national acceptance as south Indian superstar.Recently he was roped in for the ad of the soft drink Thums Up and this has got a major response. Many were swooned by the looks of Mahesh and though his voice was dubbed, Mahesh made his presence felt. What remains to be seen is what would be the impact when Mahesh makes his debut in Bollywood.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447866", "title": "Adarsh panel may submit interim report by April 12", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh judicial inquiry commission may deliver its interim report by April 12. The commission, headed by Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam, concluded hearing of arguments on Wednesday on two issues that the panel will submit its report: Who was the owner of the land and whether the plot was reserved for housing war widows and Kargil war heroes.Senior advocate Dipan Merchant, counsel for the commission, said the report will be submitted to the chief minister in a sealed envelope.The state and Union ministry of defence (MoD) have staked claim to the land, allotted to Adarsh in 2004, for constructing a multi-storey tower.Senior advocate A Y Sakhare, along with advocates R Vasudev and Uday Nighot, representing the state, referred to maps dating back to 1816 to prove that block VI in Colaba, where the Adarsh land is, was not in existence prior to the 1970s and was under water. According to the government, the land was reclaimed in the '70s and reclaimed land is owned by the state. But the problem is that the state does not have documents to show the land was reclaimed. Moreover, the state has no documents to show it was the owner-the property card for the Adarsh land was prepared in 2004, after the society was allotted land.Senior advocate Darius Khambata and advocate Aniket Nikam, who appeared for the MoD, claimed the land was with the defence since the 1940s. They pointed to a 1957 survey map which shows a sliver of land from block VI to Dhobi Ghat, which they said was where the Adarsh land was. The military's SHO complex, adjacent to the Adarsh plot, was in existence since 1940s, they said. Minutes of a 1989 meeting mention that the Adarsh land was in the military's possession. Adarsh society itself, in earlier letters to the state, had written that the land was in the army's possession \"for the last 20 to 30 years''. But the MoD does not have documents to show the land was in its possession, though it is an admitted fact before the commission that it was maintaining a Khukri Park on the land.The commission on Wednesday rejected an MoD request to file written submissions in the case.The interim report is important for the state and MoD to prove its claims over the land. \"If the MoD had objected in 2004, when the land was being allotted to Adarsh, the onus would have been on the state to prove that it was the owner,'' Merchant argued before the commission. \"After seven years of not being in possession of the land, the onus is on the MoD to prove it was occupying the plot,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448109", "title": "Cop faces action for lax investigation in rape case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sessions court has recommended stern action against Odhav police inspector A J Bhagora for dereliction of duty in conducting investigation in a rape case.Additional sessions judge at the district court, K K Dholakia has ordered to send a copy of a judgment to the police commissioner so that action can be taken against the erring cop so that \"no other police officer repeats such mistake in such a serious case in future\".The case pertains to a rape complaint lodged with the Odhav police in 2009. While the girl, who claimed to be a minor, accused her neighbour Rajendra Rajput of raping her twice in a hotel, the boy maintained that it was consensual sex. Not finding enough evidence, the court acquitted the 27-year-old married person, but came down heavily on the investigating officer (IO) for committing \"serious lapses\" in probe.The court observed that Bhagora added section 376 of IPC in the complaint before the victim was sent to hospital for medical check-up and pulled up the IO for his inability to explain the issue. \"As per the procedure, the victim is sent for medical tests and after obtaining the certificate, section 367 is added in the complaint...This is a serious flaw. IO cannot explain this and this looks a suspicious gesture on his part,\" the order reads. The judge also observed that Bhagora did not even care to send a questionnaire to the medical officer for the purpose of investigation, when the victim was sent for medical check-up.The court also noticed that the victim's birth certificate was tampered with and there is nothing on record showing that any probe was conducted in this regard. Ultimately, the court did not believe the complainant's claim that the girl was a minor.PI Bhagora also got flak for not drawing a panchnama of the scene of offence as well as for not seizing the hotel register. The judge also mentioned that Bhagora could not even say whether he had sent the case diary in a sealed cover to court.During investigation, the accused claimed that the FIR was concocted and an outcome of financial dispute between him and the girl's family members. The court also criticized Bhagora for not probing this aspect. The court also mentioned in its order that the cop did not examine many important witnesses in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454902", "title": "Director Krish casts Nayantara", "text": "He is known as the intellectual director and so far his movies have not only provided entertainment but had a tinge of philosophy in them. Though he is just two films old he is already rated as the top league directors of Tollywood. We are talking about Jagarlamudi Radhakrishna fondly known as Krish.Now, he is busy with the shaping up of his new movie 'Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum' and this has the towering hunk Daggubati Rana in the lead. The talk about the project is the interest that Krish has only for old babes. Apparently, sources say he approached the awesome beauty Anushka for the role of leading lady.However, that didn't work out and instead of going for someone like Kajal Agarwal or Samantha, it is heard that Krish has now roped in the gracious looking Nayantara. While it might look a little odd to see Rana with Nayan, sources say Krish is confident the combo will work and the characterizations fit them both aptly. Let us see how this goes.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449887", "title": "Get rid of Orient Craft contractor: Labour dept", "text": "GURGAON: Concluding a week-long inquiry into the labour unrest at Orient Craft in Sector 37, Gurgaon's labour department has recommended terminating the services of the contractor, whose conduct with the workers on March 19 allegedly was the cause of the conflagration.The report also states that the incident was spontaneous and was not orchestrated by any external agents, and had no involvement of any of the union bodies. \"Unions were not involved, and no outsiders were there. We have written to the owners to terminate the contractor's licence,\" said a senior official of the labour department in Gurgaon.The report, which was being compiled at the behest of the state's labour minister, Shiv Charan Lal Sharma, has now been dispatched to Chandigarh and the labour headquarters in Panchkula. Officials said that Sharma has also ordered that 'contract culture,' which is dominant in Gurgaon and Manesar region, be looked into.\"The ministry has issued orders to the effect that the total number of contractors should be brought down, and that workers should mostly be hired on a full-time basis,\" said another official.The orders have not been notified as yet and hence are not an official mandate. Although, should the official move against contract labour sail through, the garment sector would be particulalry riled up, as its seasonal production cycles wholly depend on short-term hired labour.This has anyway been an unusually busy week for the labour department of Gurgaon. After the March 19 mob violence in Sector 37, March 23 saw a similar incident in Sector 58, when over 1,000 construction workers, angered at the on-site death of a colleague, took to the roads and erupted in violence. And two major labour agitations in a matter of a week are a serious enough cause for concern.Meanwhile, the unions are busy planning their own moves against both the administration and the industry owners, who according to union members, are squeezing the worker dry for their own gains.According to Anil Kumar of the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC,) a workers' convention and a protest march are being slated for the first week of April, in solidarity with underpaid and overworked labourers.\"We will have a dharna in front of the mini secretariat against the exploitation of labourers which has become so rampant in Gurgaon,\" he said.Unions have been agitating against contractors for years, but looking at the stronghold this form of labour has gained over this region's manufacturing belt, not much has come of those protests. \"All the contractors in Gurgaon are politiclaly connected. They freely exploit the workers, paying them a pittance and making huge profits themselves,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453687", "title": "Mahesh Babu Laughs At Word 'Politics'", "text": "The bonding between film stars and their fans and the film stars with politics is quite strong in our state. Of course, with each passing day the charisma that senior heroes possessed is not being carried by the new generation heroes. However, prince Mahesh Babu has broken that jinx and today he rules the roost.In between, there was a strong buzz that Mahesh was being wooed by the Congress party to join them and canvass for them. Given his father and uncle's association with the party, many felt it would happen. However, the first reaction from Mahesh when asked about joining politics is a hearty laughter.Well, Mahesh is clear that he would never go anywhere near politics. The cine folks say that after seeing the fate of Chiranjeevi anyone having brains would not venture into this dirty field. Given Mahesh's stand on politics, it may be a while before another star will emerge from Tollywood to jump into politics.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448635", "title": "Bail plea of suspended sub-inspector opposed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The bail plea of Biju Salim, the accused in the email snooping case, was opposed by the public prosecutor representing the crime branch probe team on Wednesday. The prosecutor contended that if bailed out the accused might tamper with evidence as he is well aware of the probe methods of cops.The prosecutor stated that the probe has revealed the terror links of Biju, who was a SI with the crime inquiry cell.The prosecution also opposed the bail plea of Dr P A Dastagir, the second accused. The doctor, who is absconding, is accused of providing fake medical certificate to Biju. The court will pronounce its decision on the bail plea on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447085", "title": "Focus on value-based education: Principals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Value-based education system is the need of the hour, said experts and school principals who discussed trends in secondary and tertiary education sectors at the Times NiE Principals' Meet held in the city on Wednesday. Principals and education experts said at the meet that there is not only a need to make education more relevant to present-day requirements of students but also to take it beyond rote-learning.Exchanging views on new ways of teaching and learning were principals from about 40 city-based schools, and experts Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, vice-chancellor, University of Hyderabad and Santosh Mehra, IG, welfare department.Addressing the meet, Ramaswamy said the present-day education system offers very few choices to students who have diverse interests. The role of teachers is to encourage and cultivate interests in fields which currently occupy the fringes of modern-day education system, he said. \"If one were to learn classical Telugu language or mathematics and physics at a higher level there are very few institutions in the country that one can opt for. On the other hand, the number of engineering and management colleges in the country is increasing by the day. This shows that there is great emphasis on certain kinds of knowledge which is associated with money making jobs. As teachers we should be able to train students to opt for a variety of fields of learning,\" said Ramaswamy. He added that there should also be an emphasis on innovation. \"There is no point crying a hundred years from now that we lost most of our arts and literature due to negligence of these fields. Perhaps, now is the time to act,\" said Ramaswamy.Santosh Mehra, IG, welfare department said that there is a need to unlearn certain ideas to incorporate new value-based systems to fight against casteism and communalism. \"What we should teach in classrooms is to shed our inhibitions. The purpose of education is not to churn out students with degrees who got their degrees through rote learning,\" said Mehra. He added that the curse of the modern-day education system is that it churns out students who are literate but unemployable. \"There is not much emphasis on creative and lateral thinking in the modern-day education system which makes students stand out before potential employers,\" said Mehra.In a lively discussion that followed the talks, principals from leading city-based schools said that moral science education and value-based education is still part of their curriculum but the overpowering run for high paying jobs is undermining their work. \"We have to be dynamic teachers with new dynamic ways of teaching to help students have a value-based education which focuses on overall development. In this market-driven society, it is difficult to guide students towards varied career choices, but we ought to try,\" said Gowri Sarkar, teacher, Meridian School, Madhapur.Teachers said that even parents and the society outside have a role to play in developing the value system for students. \"There are no role models for children these days. Teachers alone cannot be held responsible for moral development of children as we share a collective responsibility with parents,\" said Seetha Murthy, principal, Silver Oaks School.School principals said that children of 21st century have different sort of value systems and teachers need to understand this. \"There is an information overflow from all sides. The schools today are providing a space to understand these children, their needs and values to make the right kind of interventions,\" said Anjali Razdan, principal, Obul Reddy Public School, Jubilee Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453804", "title": "Radhika Apte suffers seizure attack", "text": "Radhika Apte suffered a minor seizure while on the sets of the Tamil film Vettriselvan.The actress was stationed in Kodaikanal where the shooting was in progress. Since the shooting was going on well into the night, Radhika started to shiver due to the freezing temperature.At around 2 am, she suffered a minor seizure and collapsed. The team rushed her to the nearby hospital where she was treated. Radhika returned back to normal after a few hours of rest. The shooting of Vettriselvan was stalled due to this for some time.Radhika entered the Tamil film industry through Dhoni, a film directed and produced by Prakash Raj. He had also played the lead role in this film.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449640", "title": "Tibetans mourn their \u2018martyr\u2019, face crackdown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tibetan activist Jamphel Yeshi's death early on Wednesday spurred police to tighten security around the Oberoi Hotel, where Chinese President Hu Jintao was scheduled to arrive later in the day, and also detain many Tibetan youths as a pre-emptive measure against continuing protests.Yeshi, 27, who had burnt himself during a protest against the Chinese president's visit at Jantar Mantar on Monday, died at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital around 8am on Wednesday. Two handwritten copies of a letter exhorting Tibetans to pursue their dream of a free Tibet were reportedly found from his rented house in the Majnu ka Tila area.\"Freedom is the basis of happiness for all living things. Without freedom, six million Tibetans are like a butter lamp in the wind... The fact that Tibetan people are setting themselves on fire in the 21st century should show the world their suffering, and the denial of basic human rights,\" the letter states.As Tibetans gathered to pay tributes to Yeshi, two of them were arrested from outside the hospital. \"Sherab Woser is the editor of a popular Tibet news website, and Phuntsok Choephel runs an HIV awareness organization . They had just stepped out of the hospital when police picked them up,\" said Tenzin Chokey, general secretary of Tibet Youth Congress. Meanwhile , Tenzin Tsundue, who was arrested on Tuesday from the India Habitat Centre , was sent to three days' judicial custody. Tibetans TOI spoke to said they feared police would pick them up on the way back home.Late on Wednesday, police confirmed they had detained 197 Tibetans in Ambedkar Bhawan, besides arresting 97 women and 62 men activists from various parts of the city, including Jantar Mantar, Lodhi Road and other New Delhi areas. Chokey said two of her colleagues were arrested when they visited the Parliament Street police station to seek assistance. \"Tenzin Norsang and Lobsang Dorjee had accompanied me to the police station to ask for diplomatic escorts to go with us to the various embassies. We wanted to distribute memorandums . Police held the two of them but let me go,\" she said. A group of protesters that tried to enter the Oberoi Hotel was also held by police. Officials said 15 companies of police had been positioned in the VVIP areas of the capital to quell protests by Tibetans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448573", "title": "Kidnapped girl found, 1 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police on Wednesday claimed to have solved a five-year-old girl's kidnapping case with the arrest of a labourer.The police said the victim's father, Sangram Singh, had filed a missing report of his daughter on March 12.\"The girl, a resident of Sector 34, had gone missing on March 9. During investigation, we found that the child was kidnapped by Umesh, who worked as a labourer along with her parents. The girl was recovered after his arrest,\" said a police official.Umesh was produced in a court and sent in two-day police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12448169", "title": "Modi writes to Prime Minister on NCTC", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday, chief minister Narendra Modi has taken strong exception to the Union home ministry refusing to call a separate meeting of the chief ministers, exclusively to discuss the formation of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), which he had earlier referred to as \"violation of the principle of federalism\".The letter said, \"I am in receipt of a communication from the Union home minister about the next Chief Ministers' Conference on Internal Security on April 16, 2012. To my utter surprise, instead of convening an exclusive meeting to discuss the issue of formation of NCTC, such an important issue has been clubbed with a host of other agenda items to be discussed in the Annual Chief Ministers' Conference on Internal Security.\"Terming such a decision \"very disheartening and sad\", he said, this way, the Government of India has shown \"scant regard\" to the plea by other chief ministers as well. He added this is \"another attempt to deal with a serious issue in a routine and perfunctory manner\". Modi has demanded a separate meeting on NCTC, instead.Referring to his previous letter dated March 9, 2012, where he had said the formation of the NCTC was \"unilateral\", without consulting the state governments, Modi said, he had also urged the Government of India to cancel the meeting at the level of Union home secretary convened on March 12, 2012. Yet, the meeting was held.\"I am made to understand that the important issue of formation of NCTC was discussed at the officers' level along with many unconnected routine issues like grant for the modernization of police force, implementation of private security Act, etc, thereby diluting the main agenda of NCTC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448346", "title": "CPI party congress calls for Left unity", "text": "PATNA: A strong pitch for Left unity marked the inaugural session of the CPI's 21st Party Congress here on Wednesday. Party general secretary A B Bardhan's plea for unity received warm to cautious response from the CPM, CPI-ML, All India Forward Bloc and Revolutionary Socialist Party leaders who also attended the session.Forward Bloc's general secretary Debbrato Biswas offered to work under the leadership of Bardhan, leader of the oldest communist party of the country, evoking strong applause from the delegates. Stating that the Leftist and working class people were keenly watching the party congress, Biswas lamented that despite working and struggling together, Left parties go to the hustings under separate banners.Bardhan set the ball rolling, saying \"The ... situation now is favourable for launching mass struggle and movements by people of all sections. ... To be effective, it will be necessary to unite the Left forces and forge the broadest possible democratic unity for radically transforming the balance of power in the present situation. We look forward to the strengthening of the Left forces,' he said and hoped the deliberations at the congress would contribute towards achieving that goal.CPM's general secretary Prakash Karat also called for a joint struggle on people's issues but regretted that the Left's struggle was not commensurate with the need to fight neoliberal policies of the present government. Stating that there was little difference between the Congress and the BJP, he called upon the Left parties to unite patriotic and democratic forces. He expressed the need for close cooperation between the CPM and the CPI and draw in all other Left forces to forge a joint platform on major issues confronting the people. \"Let us work together to build an alliance which can be the real alternative to the bourgeois-landlord order,\" he said.CPI-ML general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya said most non-Congress and non-BJP state governments were following the same neoliberal economic policies and \"instead of resisting the increasing attacks on people and their rights, were interested in striking deals with the Union government and bailing it out in the hour of crisis\".Dipankar seemed to suggest there was no use of Left unity for unity sake. \"The country is looking towards the Left as a true political alternative. If we give topmost priority to people's interests and voice the best traditions and main objective of the Left movement, we can definitely move forward in this direction,\" he said and called for giving a new surge to communism as communist movement in the country would complete its centenary in about a decade's time.RSP secretary Abani Ray also hoped the CPI's party congress would chalk out the strategy for Left unity.The proceedings were conducted by CPI's national secretary, Amarjit Kaur, who has been elected the chairperson of the presidium formed for the purpose. Ex-MP Gaya Singh welcomed the delegates while CPI state secretary Badri Narayan Lal proposed a vote of thanks.The meet also paid homage to fiery Left leader from Kerala, CK Chandrappan, who died of cancer recently. An IPTA troupe presented patriotic songs on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449226", "title": "15 zoo pythons released in Western Ghats", "text": "CHENNAI: Fifteen Burmese pythons from the Arignar Anna Zoological Park in Vandalur were released into the Kalakad-Mundanthurai tiger reserve in the Western Ghats. Zoo officials involved in the exercise said it was part of the forest department's plan to promote the exterior conservation - conservation of rare species in their natural habitat.The spot where the reptiles were released was marked with the help of a GPS tracking system to help officials locate them when they visit the forest after 15 days. Till then, the officials said, staff of the tiger reserve would monitor the snakes with the help of local villagers.Earlier, for nearly a month, steps were taken to help the selected reptiles adapt to the new environment (Western Ghats). \"Adequate training was given at the zoo and they responded well,\" said zoo director and chief conservator of forests, KSSVP Reddy.They were left to fend for themselves in a large enclosure deep inside the reserve forest area (the Vandalur zoo is located within the reserve forest area). Initially, the daily feed was delayed and officials monitored their movements through closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras. After a few weeks, the officials found that the snakes were able to locate and kill the prey and survive on their own. From the time they were born on August 21, 2011, the pythons were fed rats and chicken daily.The training \"was a laborious exercise as we had to ensure that denying them the regular feed did not affect their health. Besides, the area selected had to be somewhat similar to the area where they would be released,\" said zoo sources.Wildlife experts say adequate training is a pre-requisite before species in captivity are released into their natural habitat. Measures like setting up cage-like structures away from the usual enclosure and steps to check their capacity to feed on their own are crucial, they said.\"Every wild species has its own way of survival. Those which have been in captivity for long need to be trained before being released into their natural habitat. This is one of the instructions given by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) to zoos. The duration of training depends upon the species,\" said a biologist of the state forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447870", "title": "Surgeon accused of employing minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior west Delhi based cardiologist has been accused of employing a minor at home, and the city's Child Welfare Committee (CWC) has directed the police to register a criminal complaint against him. Police said a group of volunteers and a team from the Kirti Nagar police station rescued the teenage girl from the surgeon's Kirti Nagar residence on Wednesday noon.\"Preliminary investigations were done today. We will talk to the girl again. However, we have asked for an FIR against the employer under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act, relevant sections of Indian Penal Code and the Child Labour Act,\" CWC chairperson Neera Malik told TOI at the committee's Nirmal Chhaya campus.Guddi (name changed), a native of West Bengal, was reported missing in January this year. It was later learnt that she had been abducted and sold off to a placement agency in Delhi. Acting on a tip-off from volunteers of an NGO in West Bengal, police and members of the volunteer group Shakti Vahini raided the surgeon's home on Wednesday.\"We had received a tip-off from our partners in West Bengal. They provided us with a number and we asked the police to trace it,\" said Subir Roy, director programmes and projects at Shakti Vahini. \"After the number was traced to an address in Kirti Nagar, we decided to rescue the child.\"Roy said the minor was made to do household chores apart from taking care of the surgeon's two children. \"The girl says her work hours were from 6am to midnight, and she was not paid,\" said Roy. \"She was given to the family by a placement agency, which bought her from the abductors in January.\"When TOI called up the surgeon, he admitted to employing the girl but claimed he was not aware of her age. \"The placement agency which gave us the girl said she was 17 years old. Thus we never really thought of complaining,\" said the surgeon. All attempts to contact the agency failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12446947", "title": "Here, ancient idols are preserved in debris", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh state archeology department's commitment towards preserving the state's rich past is best displayed in the way centuries-old sculptures are lying scattered amid debris right in its office in Gunfoundry. Carelessly strewn with rubble mounting around them owing to the renovation of Srisailam Pavilion museum inside the archaeology office, that ironically faces the director's chambers are statues that date back to the early medieval period.The disregard for history has those visiting the office appalled. The irony of it all seems lost on the powers that be given that it's the archaeology department that is displaying this callous behaviour. The idols seen strewn around are those of Hindu gods and goddesses including Vishnu, Ganesha, Durga, Anantaseshasahi Vishnu (Vishnu resting on a coiled serpent) and Mahishasuramardhini. Sculptures of Buddha were also there.The statues are precious and may cost a fortune in the antiques market. Made of granite and red sandstone, the sculptures have been in the archeology department office for long. Those familiar with the statues say they were retrieved during the project work of the Srisailam and Yeleswaram dams and were brought to the archeology department office. These (sculptures) were retrieved from the submergible areas of Srisailam and Yeleswaram more than three decades ago and brought here in a process called transplantation in conservation parlance. Some statues are also said to have been brought in from other parts of the state, including Mahbubnagar.The Srisailam Pavilion was meant for displaying only excavated material but the problem is apparently not limited to the sculptures currently lying in a state of neglect. The infrastructure for these precious items has always been lacking. \"The pavilion itself is very small and can't hold these many statues. The department was incepted in the 1930s by the Nizams but even after so many years, the department has failed to have a separate sculptures gallery,\" said Krishna Sastry, former director of the state archeology department. He said that some of the sculptures gathering dust, literally at the department, date back to the 5th or the 6th century and also from the Rashtrakuta period. \"The value of the sculptures on the roadside is nothing when sculptures from this era are priceless objects,\" he said. Sastry suggested that these sculptures could be moved to the AP state museum or even the museum at Golconda.Officials at the department say that the sculptures will be placed carefully once the Srisailam Pavilion restoration work is completed. They also admitted that the sculptures were indeed 500-1000 years old but they evaded pointed queries on why they were lying around with filth. \"We will place the statues properly once the work is done,\" said an official. But it may be too late!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447616", "title": "Corporates swear by eco responsibility", "text": "NAGPUR: Corporate social responsibility may be old hat; new buzzword for companies is corporate environmental responsibility. With the environmental laws of most countries stressing the importance of maintaining certain standards, most companies need to have a separate cell to look after environmental hazards of the various projects they undertake. Several driven business houses, however, make it a point to go far beyond the prescriptions of the law and make an extra effort.As National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( Neeri) organized an international conference on 'Recent Developments in Environmental Impact Assessment and Integrated Approach for Carbon Management', several corporates, scientists as well as government officials were seen rubbing shoulders. Their endeavour was not only to understand the current global trends making economic activities ecologically sustainable but to think of the way forward.\"For many decades, spin about being environmental friendly was left to PR department in Indian companies. Now, however, there is a separate division manned by environment professionals in all big corporate houses,\" said Santosh Kumar Singh, general manager -corporate environment group of Adani Power Limited, Ahmedabad. Though the business community of country woke up to its environmental responsibilities at least two decades after the countries did, there are several initiatives being taken that can make a difference, he added.\"Many companies take up some projects in order to get an ISO 14001 certification. They make efforts to reduce consumption of resources. Some take up water harvesting and treating at their own level and many even partner with the state governments on various projects. At least 20-25% companies are taking this responsibility seriously,\" added Singh. He believes that if the management of any business is willing, there are several steps that can be taken.The conference had many representatives of mining community as well. They underlined what the industry seen as the most hazardous one has been doing for environment.\"There have been many instances where the former dumping sites have been forested and many others reclaimed into recreational centres,\" said Gurdeep Singh, professor and head of the Centre for Mining Engineering at Dhanbad's Indian School of Mines.Apurba Gupta, member of the ministry of environment and forestry's expert appraisal committee for infrastructure, miscellaneous and coastal regulation zone, however differs. He said not many of these activities were voluntary.\"Most companies take up such initiatives as they are forced to do so. Even people are much more aware these days and public hearings are done before most big projects. The laws are also framed in such a way that everybody is forced to take care of the environment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "amritsar/ludhiana/bathinda", "code": "12449290", "title": "Balwant Singh Rajoana hanging row: Total bandh observed in many districts", "text": "AMRITSAR/LUDHIANA/BATHINDA: Complete bandh was observed in Amritsar, Tarn Taran, Ludhiana, Bathinda and many other districts on Wednesday in protest against the impending hanging of Balwant Singh Rajoana, hours before it was announced by state deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal that the President has stayed the hanging.In the morning supply of essential items including milk, fruits and vegetables remained normal but the main markets of the city and towns, banks and schools remained closed. No untoward incident was reported from many districts.While Sikh radical groups including Dal Khalsa, Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar), Shiromani Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani), Khalsa Action Committee had given a call of Punjab bandh, the Sikh clerics had asked the community members to 'refrain' from work and wear saffron turbans and dupattas.Dal Khalsa members under the leadership of Satnam Singh Paonta Sahib took a march on the streets of Amritsar. They carried flags with imprinted picture of Rajoana.Reports of bandh were also received from Switzerland, Italy, France and Germany where Sikhs kept their business establishments closed.Founder of Gurdwara Sahib, Langenthal, Switzerland Ranjit Singh Masuta told TOI over phone from Switzerland that in Langenthal, hotels and restaurants owned by Sikhs remained closed and Sikhs also fluttered saffron flags outside their business establishments and houses.\"Sikhs also kept their business closed in Italy, Germany and France,\" he said.Normal life came to a halt in Bathinda, Moga, Muktsar and Faridkot districts as markets and schools remained closed, and public transport was stopped.The protesters forced the shopkeepers to close their shops at many places and in Muktsar disrupted examinations inside Mai Bhago Ayurvedic medical college.Raising 'Khalistan zindabad' slogans, Sikh members of various organizations also sat on railway tracks and stopped trains.Protest marches were also taken out in the city streets by demonstrators, who were wearing saffron turbans.A complete bandh was observed in Ludhiana with buses remaining off the roads and trains, including Dadar Express, halted at the city railway station while passenger trains for Ferozepur were delayed.Shops, educational institution, malls were closed and prominent markets of city were closed. Even most of the industries in focal point were shut down.Meanwhile, agitating Sikhs came to blows with policemen at Ambala, disrupted national highway number 10 in Sirsa and staged protests to express their resentment against the impending hanging of Rajoana.Heavy deployment of police was made in Sikh dominated districts of Ambala, Yamunanagar, Karnal, Kurukshetra, Sirsa, Fatehabad and Kaithal districts.Violence marks bandh in several areasSikh protesters tried to dismantle the statue of Punjab's slain chief minister Beant Singh, forced the closure of banks, shops and offices and tried to block traffic in Jalandhar during the Punjab bandh on Wednesday.The bandh was completely observed in Jalandhar, Phagwara, Nawashahr, Kapurthala and other surroundings towns. The shops remained closed even in villages of Doaba region and the public transport also remained off the roads.While most of the commercial establishments did not open at all some which opened were forced to shut down by the protesters.When the protestors gathered at PAP chowk in Jalandhar to block traffic on National Highway 1, police resorted to lathicharge to disperse the protesters and lift the blockade.An otherwise peaceful bandh turned violent at Phagwara as two groups clashed on Phagwara-Chandigarh road and two cops were injured even as police dilly-dallied for around an hour and a half when tension was clearly mounting.Shiv Sena activists blocked traffic on Chandigarh Road near cremation ground after some bandh supporters tried to shut local Shiv Sena leader Gurdip Saini's office. The Shiv Sena even torched some tyres on the busy Chandigarh road while raising slogans at around 4.15 PM. However when a Sikh youth tried to bypass their blockade they slapped him and the youth was rescued by a few police personnel. By around 5.30 members of the other group also started gathering near Gurdwara Singh Sabha near old vegetable market.Ten persons were injured, including two policemen, in a clash between two groups in Patiala. Eye-witnesses said the trouble started when protesters raised pro-Khalistan slogans in the Hindu-dominated Arya Samaj Chowk area in Patiala.Both the groups clashed twice within a span of two hours and the second time the situation got very tense as the agitated protesters attacked each other with swords, stones and bricks.The clash occurred despite the presence of 3 BSF companies, 150 commandos and two companies Punjab Armed Police and police had to finally resort to lathicharge to disperse the crowd. When contacted Patiala DIG L K Yadav, he said it was not a communal clash, but some miscreants tried to create tension between Hindu and Sikhs by raising slogans.Tension prevailed in Lehragaga in Sangrur on Wednesday afternoon when two groups indulged in stone pelting during the bandh.There were heated exchanges between the members of both the communities in Tapa in Barnala also when members of Sikh organizations asked some shopkeepers sitting in the market to leave the place and raised pro-Khalistan slogans.The shopkeepers tried to chase away the protesters and Barnala SSP Surjit Singh reached there to diffuse the situation. Protesters also blocked traffic on Barnala-Sangrur highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448957", "title": "College girl raped in Betul", "text": "BHOPAL: A 19-year-old college girl in Betul district has lodged a complaint with the police that she was raped on March 20, while in another incident a woman has petitioned the district administration that a group of people, who had allegedly abducted her 16-year-old daughter, were now threatening her with dire consequences.Police said the girl, a BA second year student, lodged a complaint with the Kotwali police that one Kamlesh Dhamale had molested her on March 20 night when she came out from the room where she was staying with her sister and a friend.In her complaint, she said the accused dragged her to a nearby place and raped her, but she informed her mother about the incident a week later. Subsequently, the matter was reported to the police.Meanwhile, one Gita Bai complained at a public hearing, organised by the district administration, that her 16-year-old daughter was forcibly taken away by Ramesh Korku, a resident of village Dabida in Hoshangabad district. After coming to know that her daughter was with Korku, she went to his house on March 6 to tell him that she would report the matter to the police.She complained that later a group of five people reached her house, assaulted her family members and threatened that they would set their house on fire if they took up the matter with the police.Gita Bai also complained that she reported the matter to Bijadehi police, which however did not take her complaint seriously.Additional collector O P Gautam assured her that appropriate action would be taken in the matter at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448072", "title": "Wanted at GU: Profs to head three chairs", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa University (GU) has written to vice-chancellors of universities across the country in its lookout for senior and experienced professors to head the research chairs established recently in the honour of Goa's first chief minister D B Bandodkar, scholar D D Kosambi and noted Konkani poet Bakibab Borkar.The chosen professors will be brought on deputation and appointed on contract basis for a total period of five years. The initial contract will be signed for three years and will be extendable by another two years after evaluation by a committee appointed by the Goa University.While the research chair in the name of Bandodkar is in political economy in the Goa University's department of political science, the research chair in the name of Kosambi is in interdisciplinary studies in the department of history. The research chair in the name of late Kavivarya Bakibab alias B B Borkar is in comparative literature in the department of Konkani.For the research chair in political economy, the Goa University is looking for professors who have published research work and articles in referred journals in the area of political economy. In case of the research chair in the name of D D Kosambi for interdisciplinary studies, the university is looking out for an applicant who is an eminent scholar from the areas of social sciences particularly in history, archaeology, indology, anthropology and having interdisciplinary/multidisciplinary perspectives in his published research work and articles in referred journals.The research chair in the name of Bakibab Borkar will be headed by a professor who is a 'widely recognized intellectual in the field of comparative literature in India and/or outside India, who is a creative writer and winner of state or national level recognized award.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448004", "title": "Minor rescued from GMC hostel canteen", "text": "PANAJI: An 11-year-old boy from Rajasthan was found working under exploitative conditions in the Goa Medical College (GMC) hostel canteen for male doctors by members of the Goa state commission for protection of child rights on Wednesday afternoon.Acting on a tip-off from an anonymous caller, the minor was rescued by commission members, comprising chairperson Sameera Kazi and member Renuka Pawar.\"We were informed that some children are working in the canteen and are doing heavy work suitable for men,\" Kazi told TOI.The commission conducted a raid on the canteen, accompanied by a male sub-inspector and lady constable. But they found only an 11-year-old boy in a pitiable condition. Seeing the team, he tried to run away.\"He looked haggard and unkempt and appeared not to have bathed for several days,\" Kazi said.The contractor, Rajendra Sharma, also of Rajashtan, had brought the boy from his home state. Though the contractor claimed that the boy was working there for a few days, sources told the commission members that he was seen at least three months ago.\"Mere ma baap udhar hai, (My parents are in Rajasthan)\" the boy told the commission members. After the rescue, the boy was sent to Apna Ghar, Merces.While the formalities of registering the offence were being done, the commission members asked the contractor to give him food. \"He appeared to be very hungry,\" she said.A case has been registered under Section 7 (2) (a). Section 8 (4) of Goa Children's Act, 2003, against the contractor, who was taken into police custody. Under this Section, all children who have not completed the age of 14 are prohibited from all forms of work.\"Another female accused, Pushpa Ghatekodde, also from Rajasthan has not yet been arrested,\" PI Jivba Dalvi of Agassaim police station said.As the boy appears disturbed, he has not yet been interrogated. \"We will record the details in the presence of an NGO,\" Dalvi said.In a separate matter, the team also found a 16-year-old boy working in another GMC canteen. The commission was informed that back home in Bihar, the boy's uncle had taken a loan of 15,000 from the canteen contractor. As per the provisions of Goa Children's Act, 2003, the boys' employment does not constitute an offence. \"But in this case, the boy was being denied education and was working full time in the canteen,\" Kazi said. \"The boy wants to go back home,\" Kazi said.The commission is writing to the Agassaim police to either rehabilitate the boy or repatriate him to Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449670", "title": "BJP focus on scams to garner votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP plans to focus on several scams - CWG, 2G, coalgate, unauthorized colonies - that took place during the Congress regime in its quest for victory in the MCD polls. They will also rake up local issues, party sources said.Delhi BJP has decided to release a booklet on scams during the Congress rule, both at the Centre and the state, before releasing its election manifesto. With three new corporations, the party has decided to release three manifestos along with a common one.The booklet, which will be released by the end of this week, will highlight reports by CAG, the PMO-appointed Shunglu committee and Delhi's Lokayukta. \"The scams have been highlighted by government agencies. We want people to keep in mind these scams while voting. The have messed up the entire system and cost the exchequer crores of rupees,\" said VK Malhotra, leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly .During its campaign, BJP is all set to compare its performance with the Delhi government in the last five years. \"There was no scam during our tenure. With the introduction of biometric system of attendance and e-governance , we have tried to make the functioning of MCD transparent and corruption-free . But the Congress government has just given scams to the city,'' said Vijender Gupta, president , Delhi BJP. Besides , price rise and increase in electricity tariff is also going to be part of its agenda.By making scams an election issue, BJP is hoping to divert attention from MCD, sources alleged. In its manifesto, BJP is going to ask for services like water, sewer, maintenance of industrial areas and arterial roads, which were taken away from the civic agency over the last few years to be returned to the civic agency.\"The government has taken away all the important services from MCD in the last few years. But they have not been able to maintain it either,'' Malhotra alleged. BJP has decided to prepare corporation specific manifestos keeping in mind the trifurcation of MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447271", "title": "Registering property now just a click away", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come May, property owners can book a slot at the sub-registrar's office for registering property instead of having to stand in the queue for his or her turn to meet the sub-registrar. Heralding an era of online registration on the lines of slot booking for passport applications, the stamps and registration department has simplified the process of registration of property as well as minimized the possibility of duplicate or bogus registrations.The registration process will begin on May 1. At present, the department is uploading every survey number in the state and the properties owned by the government and private along with the land assigned to the weaker section or for any other purpose for the benefit of prospective buyers to know the legal status of the property.Officials in the department said the transparency will also ensure that the buyer of a property is not cheated by dubious real estate dealers. The prospective buyer can verify whether a particular land or property they want to purchase is eligible for registration or not by keying in the survey number on the department website.Even though the stamps and registration department was computerized long ago, the computers were being used for minimal purposes like a typewriter. Now, with the introduction of the central software, the entire profile of the land in the state will be in public domain.Commissioner and inspector general, stamps and registration, Madhusudhan Rao said in the first phase the public will be able to access the data through APonline and Mee Seva. Gradually, it would be made an open access system, he informed. The data available online will include the list of land assigned to SCs and STs, government land, prohibited lands and details of the earlier transactions. The department at present is in the final stages of connecting every registrar office in the state to the central server.By April end, the entire list of prohibited properties such as temple lands, list of GPAs since 1995, list of the cancelled GPAs and the market value of the properties would be available online for all to peruse through. \"Of the 430 offices, 72 offices have already been connected to the central server. By the end of April, 100 more offices will be added to the network,\" Rao said.The huge work of uploading all the survey numbers is being done with the help of the revenue department, he said. The ultimate idea is to make the registration process as easy as booking a railway ticket in the reservation counter, Rao told TOI.\"One can book a slot for registration from the AP online or Mee Seva websites to ascertain the property value, cross check whether a property is legal or not, find out the amount of tax to be paid etc.Once the slot is allotted for registration, jumping the queue is not possible for the registering authority without recording a valid reason,\" Madhusudhan Rao said and added that the commissioner could monitor the number of properties that were registered each day and the time taken by the officials for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12446946", "title": "635 candidates file papers for Malegaon polls", "text": "MALEGAON: Over 600 candidates, including three accused in the 2006 Malegaon blasts case, have filed nomination papers for the Malegaon Municipal Corporation elections scheduled for April 15. The elections, first after the inclusion of the neighbouring gram panchayats in Malegaon corporation limits, will be held for 80 seats of 40 re-structured and expanded wards.\"We have received a total of 1,076 nomination forms from 635 candidates. The scrutiny of papers is still going on,\" election officials said.The election to Malegaon civic body is being held on panel (multiple-member ward) system and this will see the House of 80 members from the earlier 72.Though, the exact party-wise position will become clear only on March 30-the last date for withdrawing nominations-no single party or group has fielded candidates in all the 40 wards.The Samajwadi Party that recently came to power in Uttar Pradesh has fielded three accused in the 2006 blasts case. The accused were released on bail in November last year. While one of the accused Salman Farsi has filed papers from ward no. 28, Shabbir Masiullah and Zahid Abdul Majeed are contesting from ward numbers 21 and 22, respectively.All three said they were contesting the elections to 'serve the people' and 'to bring them to the mainstream'. \"During our stay in the jail for five long years, we received overwhelming support from all sections of society. Yet, we are feeling alienated. By contesting the elections, we wish to fill this gap\", Farsi said even as Masiullah and Zahid nodded in agreement.The trio was formally inducted into Samajwadi Party a fortnight ago in the presence of state president Abu Asim Azmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448331", "title": "Eye on 2014 polls, Cong questions CM\u2019s role", "text": "MUMBAI: With the drubbing it received in the civic polls and its ally NCP switching allegiance for control of zilla parishads in the state, Congress circles are abuzz with need for leadership change and questions have been raised whether chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be able to lead the party in the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly elections.Though the official Congress position has been no comments but cabinet members and MPs admit in secret that unless drastic organizational changes are made, it will be difficult for the party to retain its premier position.\"It is a well known fact in political circles that Sharad Pawar has already begun preparations for the Lok Sabha and assembly polls, while having tasted success in the civic polls, the saffron combine too has set the target of dislodging the Congress-NCP combine. Under such circumstances, it appears that Congress is lagging behind in political exercise,\" a senior Congress minister said.Chavan's biggest challenge when he took over the reins in November 2010 was to secure victory in the civic polls, particularly Mumbai, Thane, Nashik and Pune. He crossed the first hurdle and created history by stitching up a post-poll alliance with NCP in Mumbai, and also managed in Thane, Nashik and Nagpur but Pune eluded him.Contrary to expectations, Congress fared worse than 2007 and helped Shiv Sena-BJP to retain BMC and Thane. Chavan rushed to Delhi to meet his party president Sonia Gandhi and blamed the defeat on Adarsh scam, involvement of former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh in a land scam, corruption charges against Mumbai unit president Kripashankar Singh and anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare's agitation. \"Chavan informed Gandhi that all these incidents had adverse impact on the electorate,\" he said.His woes did not end there. Despite Congress emerging as the single largest party in six zilla parishads-Yavatmal, Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Ahmednagar, Nagpur and Amravati-it could not secure the president's post. \"Again Chavan explained that since NCP ditched the Congress, it was not possible to retain control,\" the minister said. For gaining control, NCP joined hands with BJP , Sena and even MNS.\"We feel that the Congress failed to assess the situation at the grassroots level. Prima facie, it appears that there was inept handling of the situation. Take the case of Ahmednagar. Despite having two senior ministers-Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil and Balasaheb Thorat-we surrendered to NCP,\" he said.After Chavan's meeting with Gandhi, industries minister Narayan Rane also apprised her about the state of affairs, and according to reports, he brought to her notice that unless stringent steps were taken, Congress may lose Maharashtra to either NCP or the saffron combine.Vacancies in state-run corporations and boards and lack of clarity on bureaucrats' posting may also go against Chavan.Chavan in damage control modeA day after more than a dozen Congress legislators raised a banner of revolt against his leadership, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday launched a damage control exercise to pacify the agitating MLAs.A senior Congress legislator told TOI that the chief minister had a brief interaction with rebel legislator Sunil Kedar on the issues raised by the MLAs, particularly from the backward Vidarbha and Marathwada regions. \"... but we are not satisfied. We are planning to call on Congress president Sonia Gandhi to protest against the style of functioning of Chavan. We expect that 25-30 legislators will join the delegation,\" he said. The legislator said that they will urge Gandhi either to sack Chavan or ask him to change his style of functioning. \"Most of the legislators feel that Chavan still functions as a minister of state in the PMO and above all, he is inaccessible,\" he said.On Tuesday night, 12-odd legislators had a prolonged meeting. Their contention was that ever since Chavan took over the reins, he did not hold a single meeting with the legislators for solving their issues and proposals for developmental works were pending for over a year. \"We had never knocked at his doors for personal work. We are insisting on developmental works in our constituencies. Unfortunately, we can't meet the CM,\" he said.Significantly, the unexpected rebellion has been linked to a high-level meeting between arch political rivals Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan at latter's Nanded residence, since most of the legislators who attended Tuesday's meeting were their supporters. - Prafulla Marpakwar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "islamabad/washington", "code": "12449778", "title": "Four months on, Pak-US army ties revived", "text": "ISLAMABAD/WASHINGTON: The US and Pakistan on Wednesday resumed their high-level military contacts for the first time since a deadly cross-border Nato strike in the country's restive tribal belt killed 24 Pakistani soldiers on November 26 last year.The meeting between Pakistan army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and the top US commander in the region , Gen James Mattis, and the top commander in Afghanistan , Gen John Allen took place in Islamabad, a day after president Barack Obama met PM Yousaf Raza Gilani in Seoul during a nuclear summit.\"The focus of the meeting was to discuss the US Pakistani military relationship ,\" Pentagon press secretary, George Little , told reporters in Washington. \"We are hopeful that ground supplies routes would open in the near future, which is important to our effort in Afghanistan ,\" he said.Though this is the first visit to Islamabad by a senior US military official since the incident, there has been high level contacts between the military officials of the two countries, he said. \"We believe very strongly that the relationship with Pakistan is very important ,\" Little said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453744", "title": "Why is Pawan going against all odds?", "text": "Powerstar Pawan Kalyan is a man of action than words. His technical brilliance and fan power are proved many times, but fate is playing 'soccer' with him.Pawan generally likes to rope in new actors and actresses for the lead roles of his movie. But this time he is not at all saying no to director and producer's requests in selecting candidates. Say it Tamanna in Puri Jagan's 'Cameraman gangatho Rambabu' or Malaika Arora for an item song in 'Gabbar Singh'. These days he is simply taking remuneration and doing whatever the director demands, say insiders.While all these are odd decisions for him, what is that forcing Powerstar to bend his head? After losing all money and peace through family, Pawan has changed himself to adjust into the real meaning of present Tollywood life, say critics. Whatever it is, nothing is permanent here except 'change'!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447823", "title": "Mercy plea: SC puzzled by nosey foreigners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Centre why foreign authorities were writing to the President to invoke her mercy jurisdiction in dealing with certain clemency pleas from death row convicts and wanted to know whether it amounted to interference in the country's internal matter.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya, which is hearing a petition by death row convict Devender Pal Singh Bhullar pleading for commutation of sentence on ground of inordinate delay in deciding his mercy plea, sought answers from additional solicitor general (ASG) Harin Raval on representations by foreign authorities to the President on clemency.\"Such type of requests, oral or written representations, by other countries did it not amount to direct interference in out country's affairs? Does it not amount to quasi-judicial functions of the authorities?\" the bench asked.It said that the discretion to grant pardon and commutation of sentence was vested by the Constitution in the highest functionary of the country and not a low-level officer. \"Are there extraneous consideration in these requests (from foreign countries)?\" it asked.Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya said sitting in the apex court, the bench was unable to understand how and why outside agencies interfere in the functioning of the government. \"We would like to see original communications received from outside,\" it told the ASG.Raval had given detailed account of the movement of the files relating to Bhullar, who was awarded capital sentence for the 1993 bomb blast in Delhi that killed nine people. He had said how a Greek ambassador had on June 3, 2003, sent a request to the ministry of external affairs for clemency to Bhullar. He had also mentioned a similar request from senior advocate Ram Jethmalani in March, 2003.Without referring to any particular case, the bench had on Tuesday wanted to know from the government why certain mercy petitions were expeditiously decided, while others were delayed leading to a lot of political activities advocating commutation of death sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449162", "title": "Actor Sarath Babu, wife attend divorce counselling", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil actor Sarath Babu, 62, was at the family court on Wednesday to attend a counseling session with his wife Snehalatha Dixit, 60. Snehalatha had filed a petition for divorce on July 27, 2011 on grounds of mental torture. The couple has been directed to attend counselling again on July 26.The petitioner, Snehalatha, is the daughter of veteran film actor M N Nambiar. Sarath Babu had been divorced from his actor wife Rama Prabha when he met Snehalatha.Sarath Babu and Snehalatha first became acquainted at Boat Club after which they decided to get married. Their marriage was registered on May 28, 1990. Sarath Babu, whose real name is Sathyanarayana Dixit, has a background in the film industry that goes back nearly four decades. He has worked in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12454823", "title": "Biden accuses Romney of outsourcing jobs to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: US vice president Joe Biden has accused Mitt Romney , the front-runner Republican presidential candidate, of outsourcing jobs to India when he was the Massachusetts Governor.\"When he (Romney) was Governor of Massachusetts, he vetoed a bill passed by the Massachusetts legislature that would have stopped the state from outsourcing contracts overseas. That resulted in millions of dollars flowing to companies running call centers in India,\" Biden said in a campaign speech in Davenport, Iowa.It's no surprise that Massachusetts was losing manufacturing jobs twice as fast as the rest of the country while Governor Romney was in charge. The third worst rate in the country, Biden alleged.\"We're both talking about tax cuts to manufacturers. The difference is: Our tax cuts go to companies that create jobs over here. Governor Romney's tax cuts go to companies that create jobs overseas. It's fundamentally different philosophy from ours,\" Biden said.Romney is leading among the Republican presidential aspirants to bag the party's nomination to challenge Barack Obama in the November elections.Biden also claimed that manufacturing was coming back. \"And that's good news for America, and for America's middle class. 430,000 new manufacturing jobs since January 2010. More than 15,000 right here in the state of Iowa. Fastest growth since the 1990s,\" he said.\"After years of hearing about outsourcing, a new word has come into our vocabulary: insourcing. Jobs that left the United States are coming back. Plants that closed are opening, reinvented,\" the US vice president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12447664", "title": "Jewellers continue strike in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Jewellers Association of Gondia on Tuesday said that it would continue strike against the increase in customs duty and imposition of excise duty.Addressing a press conference in Gondia, the association president Ravi Chitarka said that instead the jewelers were agitated by the government's decision as it required a lot of paper work.About a month back, the government had increased the customs duty on silver and gold ornaments from 1% to 2%. In the budgetary provision, it has been made 4%. He said that the jewellers still fear the excise duty which had led to excesses and the period was often referred to as inspector raj. After that, the government had abolished the duty in 1984. He said that the government might increase the duty in future.He said that there used to be huge trade of foreign branded ornaments in the past. Today, about 98% of the branded jewellery is local and as such there is no propriety in reintroducing the excise duty, Chitarka said.Jewellers Ghanshyam Sethiya, Khushalchand Jain, Amrut Yawalkar, Padhya Badwaik and Dilip Banote were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449403", "title": "18 students caught cheating in exam", "text": "KANPUR: A total of 18 students were caught cheating in board exams in the district on Wednesday. The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University are having a tough time ensuring that exams are held in a fair manner. The varsity is also receiving regular complaints of mass copying from degree colleges, especially those situated in rural areas. Similar complaints are also being received from self-financed colleges of nearby districts.The universities authorities including vice-chancellor, registrar, assistant registrars and teachers are themselves camping at such colleges, still the incidents of cheating are being reported. \"We have received complaints of mass copying from different colleges of neighbouring districts and therefore, we are conducting surprise inspections at such colleges. That is why, students involved in cheating are being caught every day,\" said a member of a flying squad, wishing not to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448922", "title": "Guide for interaction with gas-hit likely by April", "text": "INDORE: Twenty-six years after it was conceived, a clinical practice guide for interaction of healthcare providers with gas victims seeking mental healthcare is likely to become a reality.An estimated one-fourth of all gas victims visiting hospital reportedly suffer from mental disorders. Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) citing a need for a comprehensive, coordinated response for victims with mental disorders has formed a committee of doctors from the city to produce a manual.Speaking to TOI, committee head Professor R Srinivasa Murthy said, \"We are developing material that would deal with the problem faced by gas victims.\"The manual with demonstration films would target the existing medical practitioners, who would be trained to handle patient and family by counselling to prescribing recommended drugs.\"Community-level studies carried out within one month of the disaster to 10 years after the disaster report higher levels of physical and mental health morbidity,\" said Satinath Sarangi of Bhopal Group for Information and Action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448790", "title": "Councillors spar at corporation meet, DMK members walk out", "text": "COIMBATORE: The AIADMK-ruled corporation council passed 25 resolutions, including a major proposal for Perur-Thadagam scheme road and another road connecting Singanallur to Vellalore to ease traffic congestion in the city, without any discussion on Wednesday.The opposition councillors from DMK staged a walkout and the resolutions were unanimously passed by the remaining councillors after a heated argument broke out between DMK woman councillor Meena Loganathan of ward no 49 and AIADMK councillors following which mayor SM Velusamy ordered her to leave the council hall for not maintaining the decorum and discipline of the council.\"The corporation has decided to take up these scheme roads as it will directly result in easing traffic congestion and reduce the number of road accidents,\" said Velusamy.Corporation officials claimed that the laying of the Perur- Thadagam scheme road via Telungupalayam, Poosaripalayam and Chokkampudur to Thadagam will considerably ease congestion and also enhance safety on this busy stretch used by over one lakh motorists daily. The road will run northwards from Perur police station through Narayana Samy Nagar, Subramania Udayar Street and take a deviation to the east towards Thadagam through RS Puram corporation school till Thadagam. As per the initial estimate the total length of the road will be about 3300 metres and about 3,83,404 square feet of land will have to be acquired from private parties. The total cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 18.70 crore. About 40 percent of the proposed route at present is a mud road while the remaining has to be acquired from private land owners.\"It will be completed within the next three years and we will ensure that there are no hurdles in private land acquisition which will be done after proper negotiations with the land owners,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.Another scheme road has been proposed from Vellalore to Singanallur via Uppilipalayam- Trichy road junction along the bank of Singanallur tank. The new scheme road has been proposed to ease vehicular traffic at Singanallur and nearby areas. The total length of the road will be 1143.91 metre and 163,003 square feet of land will have to be acquired from private parties. The total cost of the project will be about Rs 1.64 crore. The corporation has also decided to construct electric crematoriums in the newly added areas of Kurichi and Veerakeralam at the council meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449071", "title": "Outrage over Mamata Banerjee's ban on English dailies in libraries", "text": "The Mamata Banerjee government's order, asking state libraries to purchase eight specified newspapers, has triggered outrage among citizens across the state.Educationist Sunanda Sanyal made no bones about how much it had shocked him. He said such a decree would make the situation worse than the restrictions during the Emergency period. \"Moreover, they (Mamata Banerjee and her party) have made promises to the people before coming to power that they are flouting blatantly. There were promises of only democracy and no party politics, but now there is only autocracy,\" Sanyal said.He said what the CPM used to do with subtlety over the past 34 years - by asking that their party mouthpiece be read - was being adopted by this government as well. Only this time it is in the form of a written, formal order. \"This cannot be supported,\" Sanyal said. He added that it was the same culture that had stopped the play 'Poshu Khamar' during the fag end of the Left Front government's tenure. The play was stopped by CPM hoodlums during a performance in the Hooghly district.'Poshu Khamar' director Arpita Ghosh - who is close to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and heads many government panels - avoided a comment on the newspaper issue. When TOI contacted her in the evening, Ghosh said she was in the middle of a rehearsal and could not speak.Actor and theatre personality Bibhas Chakraborty, however, said he was not willing to equate the two incidents. \"That would be simplifying the issues,\" Chakraborty said. \"It would also be too prompt a conclusion to see it like the Emergency days,\" he said.Chakraborty said there was nothing technically wrong in a government asking the libraries to take certain newspapers. \"However, it is not advisable for the government to take such a step in a democracy,\" he said, adding that there were many instances in the past when newspapers had refused to publish advertisements of some plays. \"It happened to my own play Adbhut Andhar, which the CPM's mouthpiece Ganashakti had refused to publish after the content of the play came to light,\" he said. \"Such things never happen abroad, it just takes place in our country.\"Minister Abdul Karim Chowdhury refused to withdraw the order but later in the day, there was hint of damage control by the administration. Director of information, Uma Pada Chatterjee, said that it was the \"sole decision of the library department\" and the order had not come from either the chief minister's office or the information and cultural affairs department. It did nothing to stop the uproar.There was a furore in the assembly. Leader of the Opposition, Surjya Kanta Mishra, said: \"This is another blatant attempt by the government to throttle democracy. This attitude is being reflected through different decisions of the government. There is utter disregard for democratic norms. How can a government decide which newspapers people will read?\"Even the Congress, a government constituent, reacted sharply. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said: \"It is unfortunate that such an order was issued. Reading a newspaper is a personal, democratic choice. How can the government influence that?\" He pointed out that money was being spent from the state exchequer for purchasing newspapers for libraries, so specifying which newspapers were to be read meant scuttling democratic rights of people. \"I will write to the CM to withdraw the order,\" he said.Several Congress legislators had applied for a call attention motion on this issue on Tuesday. It was scheduled to come up on Wednesday, but did not.Even the Trinamool is divided on the issue. Many south Bengal MLAs criticised the move in private, saying that it could make the government unpopular. Some cabinet ministers backed the decision, though. Transport minister Madan Mitra pointed out that for years CPM had asked its party mouthpiece 'Ganashakti' to be distributed in government departments.The government order says that the eight newspapers chosen will, \"besides promoting language, particularly among the rural masses, significantly contribute to the development and spread free thinking among the members\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12449386", "title": "Residents oppose plan to lay service road", "text": "Trichy: A six-year-old silent protest against the proposal to lay a service road for 14-km from Thuvakudi to Old Palpannai on the Nagappattinam-Gudalur NH-67 has now gained momentum in the wake of the survey for land acquisition on both sides of the stretch. All the shops on the 14-km stretch will down their shutters and go on a hunger strike on April 2.The proposal by the state government prompted the formation of the Federation for Affected Residents, Labourers and Traders Welfare Associations, spreading across Thuvakudi to Old Palpannai in Trichy, to strengthen opposition against the move to evict schools, colleges and places of worship for 50 feet on both sides of the road, for the service lane.The issue had first surfaced in 2006, following the proposal to lay a six-lane national highway on the stretch. However, residents demanded abandonment of the move as it would endanger their livelihood. During the same year, when the DMK was in power in the state, the then Union minister of road transport TR Baalu visited this area. Taking their plight into consideration, he withdrew the proposal.Meanwhile, work has commenced to lay a four-way track from Nagapattinam and Gudalur, connecting many districts including Trichy, says M Shenbagaraj, secretary of the association.However, it did not bring an end to the issue as a group of residents belonging to Ellaikudi village on the stretch made a continuous effort to get service roads not only to their village but also to the entire stretch of 14 km from Thuvakudi to old Palpannai, he says.As a result of their demand, the present state government approved land acquisition 50 feet on both sides, unmindful that over 1,300 commercial establishments, 12 nationalised banks, two churches, seven hospitals and three schools will be demolished.Though Shenbagaraj did not speak about accidents on the stretch, Ve Govindarajulu, state general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Traders Federation, said supporters of the service road insisted on efforts to prevent frequent accidents claiming lives. He said this occurred once in a while but not now. Hence it was not necessary for a service road for the entire stretch. On the other hand, service roads on some parts of the stretch were being used as vehicle bays.G Athipathy, project director of the National Highways Authority of India, Thanjavur, who was reluctant to comment on the issue, said in the wake of the demand from the public, the state government sanctioned Rs 84 crore for land acquisition alone. So, the survey for land acquisition was under way.However, though the area comes under the Thiruverumbur Assembly constituency, the protesters are yet to take up the issue with their MLA S Senthilkumar of the DMDK who says he had taken part in a public protest on this issue a few years back, demanding service roads for the entire stretch. Even KN Nehru, the then minister, also supported their demand. He said they insisted on the service road as it claimed over 250 lives in accidents in the past six years. He said the service road was also a part of the plan of the four-way track at Rs 54 crore as by that time, it was felt necessary. But some unwanted interventions prevented it from becoming a reality. But as MLA, he has to save his people and traders. He is caught in a catch-22 situation as he has supported this project before, but may now have to act in popular interest..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12448176", "title": "No more LPG refill booking blues for consumers", "text": "MANGALORE: Consumers, especially working couples, need not worry anymore on when they would get their LPG refill delivered at their doorsteps. Hindustan Petroleum (HP) has started an innovative SMS messaging system to ensure hassle-free service. Under this system, consumers will get an SMS alert on their booking number along with a message indicating till when the agency has cleared the backlog, and that the refill will be delivered in 48 hours. After delivery, an SMS will indicate that the refill has been delivered to ensure that there is no diversion.All a consumer has to do is call 9964023456 (common number for Karnataka). It will take him/her to an IVRS system which guides them through booking. Once refill is booked, IVRS sends this information to the distributors' system. Consumers in turn receive an SMS indicating acceptance of gas refill booking against their consumer number and booking number generated as well. It also indicates the date up to which the distributor has cleared pending refill bookings.Based on seniority of booking, the system generates the cash memo and indicates to consumer that their refill will be delivered in the next 48 hours. Once the refill is delivered and entry made in the distributors' system, consumers will get an SMS indicating that their refill has been delivered. This system limits the distributors' role to delivering the refill on time and prevent them from diverting domestic LPG.LPG sales officers of HPCL told TOI that the idea of having an IVRS system was borne from general complaints from consumers that landline phones of their distributors were either busy or no one answered the calls promptly. \"Here the distributors have no direct role in booking (refill) and the above checks have been put to ensure that subsidized domestic LPG refill reaches the intended beneficiary,\" the officer, who pleaded anonymity, said.Shankari P, homemaker, said this system is a relief from seemingly endless and anxious wait for the LPG delivery boy to come with the refill and not be there to receive it. This is a relief to households where both husband and wife go to work, the officer said, adding they could make alternative arrangement to receive the refill in their absence. Even other public sector oil companies such as IOC and BPCL are trying out a similar refill booking system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449406", "title": "Youth shot at by goons", "text": "KANPUR: An 18-year-old youth was seriously injured when a group of eve-teasers chased him and fired a shot at him from a countrymade weapon in Banda district on late Tuesday night.The victim, Saif, son of Raees, a resident in Mandi Chawni area, has been admitted to district hospital in a serious condition. According to police sources, the main accused has been identified as Sanjay, a resident of Mardan Naka locality. A case under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code has been registered.According to eye-witness, Saif was shot at and injured when he and his friends reportedly objected to the lewd remarks passed by the youths on college girls near Choti Bazaar a few days ago. The incident took place near Colvinganj police out-post when the victim, accompanied by Shahrukh, had tried to rescue his friend Ovais from the clutches of the goons, who were severely thrashing him.In order to create terror in the locality, the assailants resorted to indiscriminate firing in the area before opening fire at Saif. The profusely bleeding victim, who slumped to the ground, was admitted to the district hospital by the locals. The accused are absconding. \"A hunt has been launched to nab the accused,\" said Uma Shanker Yadav, inspector, Kotwali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447613", "title": "Court seeks information on medical reimbursement to ministers, IAS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has sought all the rules, regulations and circulars from the Centre and the state governments regarding medical reimbursement facilities provided to the cabinet ministers and IAS officers . The matter will come up for next hearing on April 6.The order came from the bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a letter petition sent by Association of Retired Judges of Supreme Court and High Courts preferred through a retired high court judge AK Srivastava.The petitioner sought directions that the retired judges and their family members be provided medical facilities and reimbursements of the expenses incurred in treatments on the pattern of cabinet ministers and top bureaucrats.The bench asked ASG Ashok Nigam and state lawyer to furnish all information regarding the aforesaid facility being provided to the existing and retired cabinet ministers and top babus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453862", "title": "Aasman Se Aage replaces Zindagi Kahe - Smile Please", "text": "The promos of 'Aasaman Se Aage' that's all set to be aired on Life OK have piqued the curiosity of the audience, and producer Nilanjana Purkayasha is only too glad that show has recieved the required permission and managed to bag the 10.30 p.m. slot.The intention of the show is to bring to the fore the reality behind reality shows. Tul Agnihotri and Kushal Punjabi are already on board for this one.Aasman Se Aage will be aired at 10.30 p.m. replacing Zindagi Kahe - Smile Please which is expected to go off air from March 31st. Aasaman Se Aage will hit the small screens on April 23. It'll have a duration of 30 minutes vis-a-vis the original 20 minutes that were decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452030", "title": "Ram Charan does a Bipasha", "text": "Looks like having a song after your name is a new filmi fad that speaks a lot about your popularity. So, after Kareena Kapoor , Bipasha Basu , Esha Deol, and Tamanaah, it's Ram Charan Tej's turn to enjoy this attention.While Bips may have danced to \"Bipasha Bipasha\" in her latest movie \" Jodi Breakers \" with R Madhavan , and Esha Deol grooved to \"Esha Esha\" in \"Tell Me O Khuda\", Ram Charan will have a song dedicated to his nickname a la Kareena Kapoor, who made news for her \"Bebo Main Bebo\" number from \"Kambakkht Ishq\", that popularized her nickname.Actor Ram Charan Tej is fondly called Cherry by his friends , loved ones and even fans now. The song is currently being shot in Pollachi. \"I'm shooting for \"Cherry Cherry\" song in Pollachi,\" said Charan who quips, \"It's so hot that I might become KFC (kentucky fried charan).\"The song \"Cherry Cherry\" is the title track in the actor's latest film &quot;Racha&quot; and is his favorite track from the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449622", "title": "AIIMS admission scam: Two get bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two doctors arrested for allegedly manipulating the admission process for postgraduate courses at AIIMS, were granted bail by a Delhi court on Wednesday. ASJ R Kiran Nath granted bail to doctors Noopur Bajpai and Sonal on a personal bond of Rs 20,000 each with one surety of the same amount.The doctors have been accused of colluding with the alleged mastermind Dr Mahipal Singh in manipulating the admissions . The court order came after advocate Promod Dubey contended there was no evidence against the duo and there was no apprehension that they would tamper with the evidence. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12448865", "title": "Cop suspended for striking deal with accused", "text": "CHENNAI: An inspector of the Adyar police station, Shiva Kumar, was on Wednesday suspended from service after he allegedly he struck a deal with an accused to settle a case out of court.The incident took place in November last year when Devasahayam, a resident of Adyar, filed a case against David John also from the same locality for cheating him in a property deal. Devasahayam had bought property from John for Rs 80 lakh, but later realized it had already been sold to someone else.So, he filed a case against John. Kumar, the inspector, registered the case but did not arrest John. Instead, he summoned him to the station, threatened him and made him return the Rs 80 lakh to Devasahayam. John filed a case against the inspector stating that he was threatened and forced to return the money.An internal investigation showed that Kumar did not make any entries even though the accused was summoned for questioning and that he brought in a compromise between the complainant and the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12440517", "title": "Want to call Kat? It\u2019s a phoney", "text": "A Gurgaon woman is the latest victim of a 'star phone number' flashed publiclyKat callWomen dream of trading places with Katrina Kaif , but for Shipra Seth, a Gurgaon-based software professional, it became a nightmare. A soft drink company printed her mobile number in one of their ad campaigns featuring Kat, and for four weeks, Shipra, 33, has been receiving thousands of calls and obscene text messages. The company's TV ad being telecast since February, says, \"Katrina ka number label ke andar.\" When Shipra asked the firm to remove her number from the labels, the company said they didn't provide the number and so can't be held responsible if consumers dialled a wrong number. Shipra then collected labels sent to her by callers, in which her number was printed, and slapped a legal notice on the company.Kaun banega numberLast September, Amitabh Bachchan obliged a contestant and gave his number on \"Kaun Banega Crorepati\" as 987730000. What ensued was people adding a random last digit to the nine-digit number. Puneet Bansal, whose number was 9877300000, complained of thousands of calls, even from abroad. Karan Wahi and Jagpreet Singh, having similar numbers, shot a legal notice to the channel.Muscle tussleAamir Khan tattooed random numbers on his muscles in \" Ghajini \", but that inundated the Mumbai-based Dr Surekha Verma with calls as one of those numbers was hers. Aamir apologised to her and got her a new phone connection. Later, Mumbai businessman Trilochan Singh sent a legal notice to Aamir for circulating his number through hoardings for the film. He sought `50 lakh in damages.(Inputs from Ajay Sura)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454284", "title": "Mohan Babu Feels Like Puttaparthi Baba?", "text": "To all those who are the devotees of Satya Sai Baba in Puttaparthi, they are aware of the ritual Baba used to have on his birthday. The students of the Satya Sai group of educational institutions used to gather and he used to celebrate his special day in their presence. Now, it appears that Mohan Babu is also on the same path.The collection king has been celebrating his birthday amidst students of his Sri Vidyaniketan group of educational institutions. While he is no spiritual guru or holy Baba, Mohan Babu has been spending a lot of time in Tirupathi where his educational institutions are there and has been doing his bit to the temple town.But looking at his birthday celebrations, some are stating on a lighter vein that he is feeling like Puttaparthi Baba spending time in the company of students. Whatever it is, the gestures and initiatives of Mohan Babu has surely brought a difference to Tirupathi just like Satya Sai Baba did for PuttaparthiSource: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448369", "title": "CM orders probe into renovation of MLA flats", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday said in the state assembly that the development commissioner would immediately visit the MLA flats at R-Block and Beerchand Patel Path to see if the renovation work was going on even as a decision has already been taken to demolish these flats.The CM made this announcement when a short-notice question by Sanjay Singh Tiger (BJP) came up and building construction minister Damodar Raut's reply failed to satisfy the member. \"The development commissioner will inquire into this matter today itself,\" the CM stated.The member pointed out that despite a decision by the cabinet to demolish all the legislators' flats at R-Block and Beerchand Patel Path and construct duplex buildings during 2012-13, different type of renovation work, besides new electric wiring, road construction and laying of water supply pipes was going on there.The CM said responsibility would be fixed on the officials who ordered the renovation or repair work in the flats which are destined to be demolished. He said the government is arranging to pay house rent allowance to the affected legislators. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448175", "title": "High-security number plates: City firm in race", "text": "NEW DELHI: After months of tendering and re-tendering, Delhi government seems to have finally shortlisted the company for the high-security registration plates (HSRP) scheme. A senior government official said, \"A Delhi-based company, Rosemerta Technologies in association with Utsav Safety Systems has been shortlisted during the financial evaluation of the bid. The formal agreement will be signed after approval from the transport minister in the next few days.\" The weighted average offered by Rosemerta is Rs 119.43, with the nearest lowest average bid being Rs 139.42, said sources.For the end-consumer, the rate for getting the secure number plates will be Rs 213.24 for four-wheelers while for two-wheelers, the cost would be Rs 68.91. The rates quoted include taxes, said officials. The price is substantially lower than that asked by DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System) earlier, when it had been asked to undertake the HSRP scheme. It had sub-contracted the work, prompting the transport department to cancel the project and come out with a new tender earlier last month. DIMTS had asked for Rs 240 per number plate at the time, said an official.It's not just private vehicles that will have to get the secure number plates. Commercial vehicles in the city too must comply with the order, said government officials. The rate for the HSRP for commercial vehicles is Rs 85.56 for autorickshaws while for medium to heavy vehicles plying commercially, it is Rs 219.99. The latter includes vehicles like matadors, minivans, RTVs and trucks.A senior government official said, \"The vendor will be given a month's time to set up the apparatus at the regional transport offices (RTO).\" The HSRP centres are expected to become operational from May 1, with transport department planning to come out with the notification for the mandatory installation of secure number plates in the first week of May. Sources said that new vehicles will be allowed to register with the department only after the secure number plates are installed while older vehicles can start getting the number plates from June onwards.The HSRP consists of a number of parts: a chromium-based hologram with chakra image, a self-destructive sticker with the engine, chassis number and a hologram, unique serial number etched with laser on each HSRP, India scripted with hot stamping foil and a non-removable and non-reusable snap lock. HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles that are involved in crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448441", "title": "65-year-old man held for molesting daughter-in-law", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested a 65-year-old man for allegedly molesting his daughter-in-law at their Nalasopara home. The 23-year-old victim, who allegedly attempted suicide by consuming poison on Tuesday, is being treated in a hospital. She said Mohammed Haroon Mehboob Shaikh (65) molested her while her husband was at work.Saina said that ever since she married a year ago, Shaikh had been demanding sexual favours. Locals claimed Shaikh was being framed as he had caught her with another man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448663", "title": "State committed to achieving new heights in mass literacy: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Wednesday that the state was committed to achieving new heights in mass literacy drive and improvement of school and higher education , and accordingly, it has put education in its priority list.Modi, who was addressing the 17th annual function of Akshar Bihar organized jointly by the Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) and a local Hindi daily on the premises of the Indira Gandhi Planetarium here, said that till March last year, 20.16 lakh illiterates were made literate and they also passed the examination called 'navasakshar'.In keeping with the same, the government allotted maximum Rs 15,047 crore for the education sector in the state's 2012-13 budget. Of the sum, Rs 9,093 crore was for primary education, Rs 3,201 crore for secondary education, Rs 2,497 crore for college and university education, and Rs 255 crore for adult education. Besides, from the annual plan outlay of Rs 28,000 crore for 2012-13, the allotment for the education department alone was Rs 3,670 crore, Modi said.Earlier, Institute of Human Rights Education (Madurai) chairperson V Vasanthi Devi on Wednesday qualified the nature of Indian education system as being exclusivist, and said that it, in the process, has continued to remain a potent class instrument to discriminate, deny and dominate, which is antithetical to enjoyment of human rights by children from the poor and weaker sections.Devi, who was delivering the 14th Myles Horton and Paulo Freire Memorial Lecture on the theme 'Architecture of Exclusion: Seeking New Tools for Constructing an Alternate Education', felt that the hierarchy of the Indian educational system was beset with as many levels as were in the country's caste hierarchy, since one type of school was for each mini-class, which ensured that children of no two levels ever met.The lecture was organized by Akshar Bihar, joint literary forum of ADRI and a Hindi daily published from here. Education minister P K Shahi presided the function.To bring home her idea on the theme, Devi said, \"India has constructed an education system that is among the most exclusionary in the world. Today the exclusion has assumed grotesque proportions and works in hundred ways. Exclusion is woven into each strand of the education fabric, making a many-hued ikkat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12449348", "title": "Car pooling just a click away", "text": "VADODARA: Whenever Vimal Solanki wants to travel from Ahmedabad to Vadodara, he just logs onto a website to find matching profile of some person who is travelling on the same route. Though Solanki has been using social several networking sites for staying connected with friends, he seldom knew that one of them would help him reduce his travelling expenditure by almost half every month. However, a website started by a Barodian that focuses on car pooling has helped him in saving lot of money and also make new friends.With rapid industrialization and expanding urban areas, travelling costs of Gujaratis have shot up. Also, driving on congested roads is becoming increasingly difficult. To avoid the double trouble, Gujaratis are increasingly turning to vehicle pooling. Such is the demand for vehicle pooling that a city-based entrepreneur is coming up with another website that will not only help people in finding partners for car pooling but also offer chat and video updating facilities.\"The concept of vehicle pooling was prevalent in metro cities. I launched the website in Ahmedabad in June last year with aim of reducing people's fuel costs and promoting environmental cause. Also, it helps people in networking and making new friends. Once the user uploads his route and requirements, we provide him with matching profiles. He can contact them directly and discuss further details,\" said Suresh Purohit, an entrepreneur who started www.olivetrips.com that offers car pooling service for free.About 275 Gujaratis are availing benefits of vehicle sharing through his site and the number is increasing every month.Purohit, an MBA graduate said that trend of vehicle pooling will pick up faster when people know about such website and understand benefits of sharing system.City-based entrepreneur Ruchira Choudhuri Saikia has gone a step ahead and introduced the concept of socializing through vehicle pooling website.\"We are introducing chat, video and status update facilities on our website (www.greenyatri.com) that will be launched within a month. Those logging onto the website can find partners for vehicle pooling, chat with other users and work out the sharing plans. Also, they can upload videos or pictures related to traffic issues in the city. The experience will be similar to some popular networking sites,\" Ruchira told TOI.Their focus is to reduce environment pollution and congestion on roads.Traffic expert Satyen Kulabker said, \"Such initiatives can help reduce air pollution and traffic jams considerably. People can not only save considerable amount every month but also enjoy smooth ride on roads. I am sure that people in Gujarat will take to such concept soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12449120", "title": "New rate card will skewer your wallet", "text": "KOLKATA: If you are planning a big feast on Naba Barsha, be ready to burn a hole in your wallet.Come April, eating out will get more expensive. And it's not just the service tax on restaurants imposed in the Union budget that will add to your bill. Kolkata restaurants are about to effect a steep price hike, taking the rising cost of food material into account. The price revision could mean a 6-7% jump which is substantially higher than the last hike in 2010 that had been about 4%.At Amber, for instance, prices are set to go up by 6%. So, a plate of delicious reshmi kebab - a speciality at the restaurant - will cost around Rs 200 plus taxes. It is now priced at Rs 185. For kabli naan, another Amber delicacy, you will be charged around Rs 85, up from Rs 75.\"Raw material prices have shot up so a hike was unavoidable. The service charge shouldn't make a big difference, though. We hope customers will take the hike in their stride for this is the beginning of the financial year when salaries go up, too. But we are, of course, not happy to charge more,\" said SK Khullar, owner of Amber.Mocambo on Park Street decided to cut back its planned hike of 5% after the service tax was imposed. They will now effect a 3-4% hike plus the 2% tax.\"It still adds up to about 6% which is substantial, but can't be helped. The service tax caught us on the wrong foot. We had expected it to be removed altogether. But it was raised by 2%. There has been an all-round rise in expenses as well. Employees' wages have gone up, so have electricity charges and raw material prices. We have to maintain If our standards and a price revision was the only way. We admit that it's a burden on our customers,\" said Nitin Kothari, owner of Mocambo.A fried bekti, which now costs Rs 276 without taxes at Mocambo, could set you back by Rs 286 from next month. A plate of chicken a la kiev could cost around Rs 290 while chicken Sicilian could be priced at Rs 295. Across the road, Peter Cat is planning a 6% hike as well. Their eternal draws like the cello kebab and chicken marakesh will now cost more.Next door, One Step Up is yet to finalize the new rates. But a hike of around 5% was imminent, said owner Rajiv Kothari. \"It will be a little steep but since prices haven't been revised in the last two years, customers should accept it. If we don't raise prices now, it will be difficult to maintain standards,\" said Kothari.Twenty-five-year-old Abiskar Sinha, who works for a private firm, said he was planning to cut down on his restaurant trips. \"I eat out almost every weekend. But now I plan to make it once every two weeks. The service tax was unneceessary. If restaurants keep hiking their rates every year, people would cut down on eating out,\" he said.Kothari agreed. \"Just look at the way excise on alcohol has made drinking at restaurants out of reach for most. It has also affected off-shop sales but prices in neighbouring states haven't gone up at the same rate. So, you probably have a lot of stuff being smuggled in which explains why liquor consumption has dropped. Now, if restaurants are taxed like this, people would rather stay home for dinner,\" Kothari said. A few like Oh! Calcutta were not contemplating an immediate hike. The restaurant, however, raised its prices late last year. \"We can't afford another hike now. The service tax is already a burden on customers. Higher prices might lead to a drop in footfall,\" said a spokesperson. Oasis on Park Street, too, has chosen to defer a hike.\"Other than passing on the service tax, we are not going to charge anything extra. It will be a little hard on us. But rather than taxing customers' pockets further, we would treat the additional cost as a discount,\" said owner Pratap Daryanani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12447629", "title": "Need to ensure Reds don't get another chance: RR Patil", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Home minister RR Patil termed the Pustola landmine blast as an unfortunate incident and vowed to get the latest tools of bomb detection for Gadchiroli police, to avoid such incidents in the future. Patil toured Gadchiroli on Wednesday and visited the injured jawans in the civil hospital to take stock of blast that had killed 12 CRPF jawnas and injured 28 others.\"CRPF has worked hard with the Gadchiroli police in last two and half years and successfully controlled the Naxal menace here. Martyrdom of 12 CRPF jawans is an unfortunate incident and there is need to investigate what went wrong to ensure that Naxals do not get any more opportunities to disrupt peace,\" he said.Patil said that poor per-capita income and backwardness of the area has helped in spread of Naxal movement. \"While answering the Maoists with the guns, government will also ensure to bring development into the area and awareness among people to eradicate the Naxal movement from here,\" he said, adding that the martyrdom of these jawans would not go in vain.Although the blast was unfortunate, sometimes security forces have to make hasty moves and it is not always possible for forces to make planned movement. It was during such occasions that they could make mistakes and sustain damage, the minister said. Patil held a meeting with senior officers of CRPF and Gadchiroli police and also addressed CRPF jawans. He claimed that officers have also given the details of Pustola blast to the union home ministry.Earlier, on Tuesday evening, homage was paid to the martyred CRPF jawans at police ground in Gadchiroli. CRPF DG K Vinaykumar, DGP K Subramannyam, district collector Abhishek Krishna, CRPF IG Valsakumar, additional DG (naxal cell) VD Mishra, deputy IGP Sunil Ramanand, commandant of CRPF 113 battalion Subhash Sharma, commandant of CRPF 192 battalion Ashok Sammyal and others were prominently present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449906", "title": "MCG councillors hit back at contractors\u2019 bribe charges", "text": "GURGAON: After a majority of the contractors engaged with the municipal corporation accused the councillors of demanding bribes from them, 14 councillors, including the deputy mayor, met the municipal commissioner on Wednesday and asked him to set up an inquiry into the matter to unearth the truth.They also dared the contractors to come out with the names of those who have actually asked them for bribes. In a similar instance, around five months ago, the same contractors alleged that senior MCG officials, including the chief engineer, demanded bribes from them before they released their payment.The councillors say that the contractors are targeting them after failing to achieve their purpose.\"The contracts played the same trick with the MCG officials and after they could not substantiate their claims, they are accusing us of demanding bribe, something which we have never done. It is really shocking to learn something like this since in a few words no work has been done by the contractors and therefore there is no question of demanding bribes. Before the councillors assumed office these contractors had a free run and there were no checks and balances. After we started monitoring their works and prevented them from doing anything wrong, they are coming up with these serious allegations,\" said Mangat Ram Bagri, a BJP councillor.The councillors have threatened to approach the court if these allegations are found to be false.\"We have asked the commissioner to find out the names of councillors who are allegedly demanding bribes. If these allegations are true we will ensure adequate punishment is awarded to them. But if these allegations are false we will drag these contractors to court on charges of defamation,\" said another councillor. Meanwhile, the contractors maintain that these are not mere allegations. \"We stand by what we have said and our demands remain the same. We want another centre to test the material we use because at present there is only one centre because of which monopoly is exercised and the officials there indulge in corrupt practices,\" said a contractor, who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447885", "title": "Eight Delhi University students caught forging re-evaluation marksheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight students of Dyal Singh College (morning) in Delhi University have been caught forging the re-evaluation marksheet of their second-year exams. Admissions of four students who took admission based on these forged documents have been cancelled. The college authorities have informed police in this regard.On Friday, Dyal Singh College issued a notice stating that the admissions of four third-year BSc physical science students have been cancelled as they had used forged documents to get admission.During the admission process, the college authorities did not find the documents to be in order and referred them to the university for verification. Following verification at the university level, it was found that the documents had been forged.\"Based on the information provided to us by the university administration, it was found out that the re-evaluation documents the students submitted during admission were forged. There are eight students of whom four took admission using forged documents. When this was discovered, we cancelled the admissions,\" said Inderjit Singh Bakshi, principal, Dyal Singh College.Apparently the students had failed to clear their second-year exams and had asked for a re-evaluation of their answersheets. College officials said the re-evaluated marksheets also showed they had failed. It was then that the students forged the marksheets. While four students submitted the forged documents and got re-admission, four others were yet to take admission.This is not the first case where students have been found using forged documents to get admission to a DU college in the past one year. While Ramjas College complained to Delhi Police about over a dozen such cases of fake marksheet submissions last year, Sri Venkateswara college too instituted an inquiry into allegations against admission anomalies in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448418", "title": "World Tobacco Atlas rings alarm bells for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expanse of tobacco cultivation in India is large enough to house over 4.81 lakh soccer fields.On a day when a Lancet study said tobacco-related cancers in India caused 1.2 lakh deaths in 2010, and were responsible for over 40% of male and nearly 20% of female cancers, a new Tobacco Atlas brought out by the World Lung Foundation says over 390,000 hectares are being used in India to grow tobacco.Tobacco is grown in 124 countries, occupying 3.8 million hectares of agricultural land.The Atlas says each hectare of land devoted to tobacco produced one tonne of tobacco leaf, while a similar size of plot growing potatoes had a yield of 14.6 tonnes in the same year.The Atlas pegs India's direct healthcare costs due to tobacco at $1,195 million.The Planning Commission says that revenue collected from tobacco products annually in India is $1.62 billion (largely coming from taxation of cigarettes), while the annual direct health cost of three tobacco- related diseases (cancer, coronary artery diseases and chronic obstructive lung diseases) is $6.32 billion.World tobacco production peaked in 1997 at over 9 million tonnes, and has since declined by almost a quarter to 7.1 million tonnes in 2009.Worryingly, 20,000 hectares of forests across the globe annually are being cleared to cure tobacco. In 2009, six of the 10 tobacco producing countries, including India, had undernourishment rates between 5% and 27%.Hriday, a Delhi-based NGO, says growing tobacco impacts the environment negatively. It says India is the third largest producer of tobacco in the world, having 436,000 hectares under cultivation.Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh account for over 90% of the total tobacco production in the country. There is a global evidence of deforestation linked to tobacco production. Deforestation mainly occurs in the developing world, amounting to 1.7% of the global net losses of forest cover or, on an average, 4.6% of the total national deforestation in countries where tobacco is cultivated.About half of the tobacco leaves produced in developing countries in Africa and Asia are cured (dried out for cigarette production) with wood. An average of 7.8 kg of wood is needed to cure 1 kg of tobacco. The Indian Institute of Forest Management, Bhopal estimated that the historical use of fuel wood between 1962 and 2002, for tobacco curing and manufacture of cigarettes, has destroyed and degraded 680 sq km of scrub forests, or nearly 868 million tonnes of wood through successive extraction.Tobacco is a sensitive plant prone to many diseases, especially during early growth. It requires huge chemical inputs: up to 16 applications of pesticide are recommended during a three-month growing period. DDT is among the chemicals used.Methyl bromide, widely used as a fumigant in developing countries, contributes substantially to ozone depletion and is a toxic contaminant of groundwater.Cigarette butts are among the most common forms of litter. Worldwide, approximately 4.95 trillion cigarette butts are estimated to be littered each year. Cigarette butts contain all carcinogenic chemicals, pesticides, and nicotine.The Lancet also said there were twice as many deaths from oral cancers as lung cancers, in part due to common use of chewing tobacco in men and women.The number of oral cancers was more than twice the number of lung cancers in individuals between 30 and 69 years, indicating that the range of fatal cancers caused by tobacco in India differs substantially from that in high-income countries.The Central Tobacco Research Institute (CTRI) estimates there are 10 distinct tobacco types grown in 15 states of the country. In India, the tobacco crop directly or indirectly supports 36 million people engaged in production, processing, marketing and exports which includes six million farmers and 5 million people involved in bidi-rolling and tendu leaf-plucking.Highlights* More than one-third of adults (35%) use tobacco in India, or 274.9 million* 163.7 million use only smokeless tobacco; 68.9 million are only smokers and 42.3 million users of both smoking and smokeless tobacco.* 14.1% children in the age group of 13-15 years are consuming tobacco in some form* Bidis, along with smokeless tobacco, account for 81% of the Indian tobacco market.* India is also the second largest consumer and second largest producer of tobacco in the world, second only to China.* The prevalence of overall tobacco use among males is 48% and among females is 20%.* Nearly two in five adults (38%) in rural areas and one in four adults (25%) in urban areas use tobacco in some form* The extent of use of smokeless tobacco products among males (33%) is higher than among females (18%)* Globally 6 million people die each year due tobacco consumption-related diseases* The death toll is estimated to rise to eight million by 2030.* It is estimated that more than 80% of these deaths occur in the developing countries.* Tobacco has also been identified as the risk factor for 6 of the 8 leading causes of death.* Nearly 30% of cancers in males in India, and more than 80% of all oral cancer are related to tobacco use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447926", "title": "MCD councilors get class in RTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sitting and aspiring MCD councillors of Trilokpuri area got a lesson in RTE on Wednesday. At a public meeting organized by JOSH, locals flocked to meet them with lots of suggestions and many complaints about the lack of educational facilities in their east Delhi colony. All that the candidates could muster as a response was a slew of promises most of which were shrouded in ignorance about the provisions of the right education. While new candidates were simply unaware of the soaring problems in the area like inadequate schools, a shortage of teachers and the lack of toilets, seniors in the fray insisted they could set everything right. Some female candidates also chose to sit quietly while their husbands spoke.Originally a resettlement colony of lower middle class families, Trilokpuri has over 30 MCD schools most of which are in a bad shape. Parents complain education is a distant dream even for those enrolled in the schools. \"There are so few teachers in most schools. It is also difficult to meet them. There is no discipline. The school in a nearby block has two toilets which have been finally opened for girls. But boys are told to feel free to use a corner of the playground,\" said Parvati, one of the mothers who had come to be a part of the Jan Manch held at block 13 of Trilokpuri. She added, \"We can't afford private schools. I know there is a quota for our children but then who follows it?\"Candidates from different parties contesting for elections from Trilokpuri, Dallopura and Kalyanpuri had gathered to win over the electorate on Wednesday. Samajwadi Party candidate Praveen Messi contesting from Dallopura was the first to commit herself to the cause of education.\"Education will be the most important thing for me if I am voted to power,\" she declared. When a woman in the audience told her about the problem of gambling in schools, she promised, \"If I find any school where gambling is happening, it will be shut down. I am not your neta...I am your mother, a sister, your family. You have to give me just one day that is April 15 (election day) and I will be there for you 24X7 for next five years.\" After her, BJP's Ramcharan Gujrati and Congressman Dr Ashok Chauhan enlisted what their party had done and where their rival had missed.Sitting councillors - BSP's Surjeet Singh from Trilokpuri and Congress' Anjana Parcha from Dallopura - agreed there was lot to be done for proper implementation of RTE. But Singh seemed keen to count his past laurels and Parcha said she wished she had been reminded earlier. When the coordinator asked her if she would include education as one of the issues in her manifesto, she replied, \"Aap teen mahine pehle batate toh main zarur koshish karti. Ab toh party ka manifesto ban gaya hoga (Had you told me three months ago, I would have definitely tried. The party manifesto would be ready by now).\"Singh also got his wife, Sunita Rawat, contesting from Mayur Vihar Phase I to be a part of the discussion. However, Singh did all the talking while Rawat sat attentively. So did Pushpa from BSP who is contesting from Dallopura. She hardly shared her views though her husband, Chandraveer, assured the locals, \"Main Pushpa ka pati hu...education ko lekar koi bhi samasya ho toh mere paas aayiega (I am Pushpa's husband. Come to me if you have a problem related to education).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454579", "title": "Nagarjuna to set up casino in Goa", "text": "King Nagarjuna is keen on setting up a casino in Goa.Goa is known as the sin city of India given its luxurious beaches and the fun parties that take place. It is also the hub for many Bollywood celebrities to have their private bashes and even our Telugu folks have their shootings there. Another noted reason why Goa is making its mark is for its casino and there are many who visit Goa just for indulging in the gambling.Making note of that, it is now heard that King Nagarjuna is keen on setting up a casino to make more money. Currently, Casino Royale is number 1 in Goa but sources say Nag wants to come up with something much better than that. Buzz is that he wants to invite all cine folks from different industries and create hungama.As such, Nag has been known for his sharp business acumen and wherever he has invested, he made good profits. Now, if the grapevine about him starting a casino is true then it would be a new chapter. No prizes for guessing what would be the possible name for this casino. Could be 'N' Casino!!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12448838", "title": "Mysore girl wants to go back to dad", "text": "MYSORE: The nightmare which began on Monday for a 12-year-old girl here may well end on a happy note.The child and her father, Prakash, separated after Monday's incident, are eager to be reunited. The Child Welfare Committee, a quasi-judicial body, will hold a special meeting on Thursday and has summoned Prakash to appear before it to resolve the issue.The girl, currently in CWC custody, has told the authorities she wants to go back home and live with her father Prakash aka Prabhu, a lab technician. Prakash's friend Asha, who was with him when he forced the girl to beg near a temple on Monday night, has also contacted CWC members to know how to get the girl released from CWC custody.CWC chairman NT Venkatesh directed the state home for girls' superintendent Geethalakshmi to inquire into the matter and submit a report before taking any action. She has been asked to record the statements of Prakash and his neighbours.Venkatesh said the girl, who looks cheerful, has told a counsellor that she would like to be reunited with her father at the earliest. She has also claimed it's the first time her father has been harsh with her. \"Whatever he did was for my good,\" she reportedly told him.Prakash told TOI he was deeply disturbed by what happened on Monday and was in no condition to talk about it. He said he'd been summoned by the CWC to appear before the committee on Thursday.Meanwhile, Mysore Medical College dean said Prakash, a lab technician at Krishna Rajendra Hospital, had not reported for work for a few days.Begging rowThe staff at the girls' juvenile home says the victim is confused and she's too young to understand the events of Monday night when she was forced to beg on a street as punishment for poor academic performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12449378", "title": "Ephedrine seized from airport", "text": "TRICHY: Air intelligence wing at the Trichy airport on Wednesday, seized 4.8 kg of ephedrine, an odourless party drug, concealed amid grocery packets in the luggage of a woman who was deported from Malaysia last week.On March 19, the woman, Rukmini, flew to Kuala Lumpur on an Air Asia flight on a visit visa but was not allowed into Malaysia for \"some technical reason.\" She was kept in Malaysian immigration custody for a couple of days and then sent back to India. Rukmini landed in Trichy on March 21 sans her baggage which ultimately landed in another flight on Wednesday morning.To the question of how the contraband, whose international value would be about Rs 8 crore, was not initially detected by the Trichy customs on the day of Rukmini's departure, senior superintendent (air intelligence) Ernest Ravi said, \"It is possible that the contraband concealed within edible flour packets, was not easily detected.\" But the question remained as to how the strict Malaysian immigration also did not detect the drug before it was sent back to Trichy.When Rukmini was deported to Trichy, she might not have known that her baggage was not travelling with her, as she made a complaint with the airline about the missing baggage, an immigration officer said. Rukmini told officials at the Trichy airport that she was deported as her sponsor in Malaysia did not come to receive her. She also claimed that she was a former national weight-lifting champion, hailing from Sivaganga district.Another superintendent of air intelligence wing, J Raja told TOI that Rukmini, a poor and desperate woman, might or might not have known about the contraband inside her baggage. She told the officials that she wanted to work in a restaurant in Malaysia and the sponsors conditioned her to carry the parcel as a quid pro quo. It was her third visit to Malaysia on a visit visa, she added.After the contraband baggage was offloaded on Wednesday, an unsuspecting Rukmini was informed. When she came to receive her baggage, she was detained. On the basis of information provided by her, one Rahman from Chennai was arrested by the air intelligence officials. Immigration sleuths are waiting for one more accomplice who would perhaps spill the beans about the machinations of the illegal network, said Raja.Interestingly, the first tip off about the hidden ephedrine in Rukmini's baggage was given by a mysterious Malaysian to the Sivaganga SP office and the Trichy air intelligence wing was alerted. Rukmini along with her accomplice Rahman would be produced before the magistrate on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447602", "title": "Bomb scare at city mall", "text": "KOLKATA: Panic ruled at a shopping mall off EM Bypass near Ultadanga on Wednesday, after the mall authorities received a phone call that bombs were planted inside the building. Shoppers and staff were immediately evacuated though the call finally proved to be a hoax.The call came on a landline. A male voice said that bombs were planted on the third and ninth floors. A special team of Kolkata Police rushed to the spot with sniffer dogs, conducted a two-hour search and confirmed that the call was a hoax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448151", "title": "Four suicides in two days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Atleast four people committed suicide in the last two days in different parts of the city. The city police have registered a case of accidental death in all these case and was further investigating.In an incident in Shahibaugh, one Kalpanaben Makwana, 21, committed suicide by consuming acid, at her residence in Ganpat Society. Kalpanaben was rushed to Civil Hospital where she was declared deadon arrival.In another incident on Tuesday Shobhaben Variya, 25, a resident of Gujarat Housing Board Bapunagar allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze. Police said that on Tuesday, Shobhaben was alone at her residence when she set herself ablaze by pouring kerosene. She died on the spot.The Bapunagar Police has registered a case and are further investigatingIn the third incident also on Tuesday, Manilal Patel a resident of Ranip committed suicide as he was not able to cope up with his mental disorder. Sabarmati Police said that Patel hanged himself from the ceiling fan with the help of nylon rope.In the fourth incident Laji Nai, 58, a resident of Harihant society Naroda allegedly committed suicide by strangulating himself with the help of the bed sheet and the iron rod.tnn Police said that Nai was suffering from mental disorder as a result he strangulated himself after tying the bed sheet with the iron rod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448097", "title": "Balli riot: Shah panel blames district officials", "text": "PANAJI: The Justice SK Shah commission that investigated the May 25, 2011, Balli riots has held then South Goa district collector GP Naik and then South Goa SP Tony Fernandes responsible for the situation going out of hand.Sources in the government said the report, submitted to the government on Tuesday, has held carelessness and negligence on the part of Naik and Fernandes in failing to control the crowd as reasons for the riot.Thousands of tribals were protesting the government's failure to resolve their pending demands.The agitation was organized by the United Tribal Associations' Alliance (UTAA). UTAA activists Magesh Gaonkar, 26, and Dilip Velip, 27, were charred to death during the agitation after a building was set on fire.Sources stated the report said that the riot could have been avoided by the authorities if vehicles of the UTAA activists had been blocked before reaching the spot.The report also said that even after going through video footage of the incident, police failed to identify the culprits involved in the death of two UTAA members, sources said.The commission recorded the statements of over 70 persons in preparing the report.Talking about the failure of the police to tackle the agitation, the report made a reference to an incident in which a judge was caught in the traffic blockade.When police were made aware of the person's identity, they made arrangements to divert the vehicle he was travelling in by another road. Referring to this the commission has questioned as to why police did not divert all traffic instead of keeping the highway closed.The commission was instituted following demands of tribal and political leaders. Soon after the incident the government had ordered a magisterial inquiry which was completed in two weeks.Tribal leaders' failure to control the mob, inadequate police force, and no intention of holding a peaceful demonstration by tribals led to the May 25 fracas at Balli were the findings of the magisterial inquiry.The magisterial report had stated that UTAA members who went to Balli had no intention of holding a peaceful demonstration as they had gone there with sticks, stones and lathis. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453856", "title": "Priyamani- Career Finished?", "text": "The film industry has got many actresses but it must be said frankly that there are hardly any starlets who are a combination of beautiful looks and brilliant acting talent. But despite possessing both, there are those starlets who make some wrong moves and ruin their career with their own hands.One such lady is the buxom beauty Priyamani. She bagged a National Award right in her debut movie and it must be said that she was the most promising actress of south circuit. But for some reason Priyamani felt she is more suited for glamour roles and spoiled her natural beauty and performing abilities.Now, she is paying the price. Cine folks reveal that Priyamani has run out of good projects and right now she is clambering for any project that comes her way. Moreover, she has now begun to focus on the smaller cine circuits like Kannada. Perhaps it is time for Priyamani to either take a break and bounce back or shut down her shutters.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448388", "title": "Two fraud cases against SpeakAsia sister concerns", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) on Wednesday registered two fresh cases against SpeakAsia's sister concerns, SevenRings International and Index Admatrix Pvt Ltd, for allegedly cheating investors of over Rs 1 crore.\"We have proof that SpeakAsia promoters ran these two companies,\" said a police officer. Police had registered a case against SpeakAsia in July 2011 and arrested 10 suspects. Police said investors and panelists lost Rs 2,276 crore in SpeakAsia's schemes.Several victims approached the police after TOI reported about the involvement of SevenRings International and Index Admatrix Pvt Ltd in the SpeakAsia case. Police said that SpeakAsia laundered over Rs 700 crore from India to Singapore and then transferred it to SevenRings account.\"SevenRings scheme, floated in February 2008, targeted the high-income group. It would ask for an investment of Rs 35 lakh for a year and in return promised the investor a profit of Rs 10,000 per day. This way, the profit would go to Rs 36.5 lakh a year. We have received complaint from a textile merchant. After initial payments, the company office-bearers vanished,\" said a police source. A doctor has also approached the EOW stating he lost Rs 35 lakh in the same scheme.Those named in the two FIRs include SpeakAsia's Indian head Manojkumar Sharma, Ramnivas Pal, Priti Pal, Suhas Shirke etc. \"After SevenRings, the office-bearers introduced SpeakAsia in 2010 and later floated Admatrix, a middle-income group investment company. Floated in March 2011, Admatrix would ask investors for Rs 7,500 and get huge returns. A complainant has lost Rs 6.90 lakh in this scheme. Admatrix had its office in the same premises as SpeakAsia before the latter's office was shut,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448638", "title": "FTII signs MoUs for foreign exchange programmes", "text": "PUNE: The Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) has signed MoUs with leading film schools in Europe, that will facilitate a greater number of student and faculty exchange programmes in the coming months.\"Efforts are on to streamline exchange programmes and research-based activities for our students. We will also foresee a larger number of foreign students visiting FTII throughout the year,\" said Sarah Cyriac, coordinator of outreach and research at FTII.MoUs with the prestigious EIC TV or National Film and Television school, Cuba and FAMU in Prague have already come through. \"These are two upcoming opportunities wherein these film institutes have agreed to accept faculty and students for an exchange programme from FTII in the latter half of this year,\" Cyriac said.The exchange programmes will cover students from courses like cinematography, sound, editing, direction, acting, art direction and production design, scriptwriting, animation, film appreciation and research.\"Currently, 12 MoUs are active with FTII and four new were added recently to the list. We hope to add ten new MoUs this year. These MoUs are meant to help us and partner institutes fill academic gaps in our respective curricula and effect content contributions and academic practices, too,\" Cyriac said.A MoU with Art University College of Bournemouth in UK will be signed very soon. Also, a MoU signed with Queensland University of Technology (QUT), Australia, late last month will provide FTII access to this institute's content.\"QUT is an institute devoted to modern media practices. So the exchange programmes with them will help FTII give a boost to areas like new media, research and animation. We also have access to all their content and use it at FTII, especially for developing our foundation course,\" she added.Funds are being worked out for these programmes. FTII chairman, Saeed Mirza and director, DJ Narain, recently met with members from the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, for the very purpose.\"We have requested a budget of around Rs 7 to 8 crores for the next five years for FTII's outreach, innovation and research-based programmes. The chairman and I will be attending the Cilect Congress, a conference of worldwide cinema institutions, in Cape Town late-April, to network with potential partners for our exchange programmes,\" Narain said.In early February, the FTII faculty met together and developed a list of 50 new potential partners in the form of film institutions worldwide, to partner with. \"The FTII had conducted exchange programmes based on MoUs in the past, but on an ad hoc basis. Now, we have identified some of the best film schools and universities from all over the world for exchanges and efforts are on to pursue MoUs with them,\" Narain said.Research-based exchanges are also on the cards. A research-based MoU with the University of Tubingen, Germany will be signed by the FTII sometime this September. \"This will facilitate faculty and student exchanges for research-based methodology. In the absence of full-fledged research facilities at FTII, we receive proposals from various institutes who have students interested in spending time in India doing film-related research. FTII provides them this base to do that research and also nominates supervisors for them,\" Cyriac said.She further said that representatives from the prestigious La Femis, France, who visited FTII in February, have shown a keen interest in having exchange programmes and collaborative projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447692", "title": "Infosys signs lease deed for 142 acres of land in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: IT major Infosys Limited on Wednesday signed the lease deed with Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) for 142 acres of land in the Mihan-SEZ. The company also paid the entire cost of the land at Rs 60 lakh an acre.The move is expected to give a major boost to the project that was starved of investor activity so far. MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan said the company was expected to start the work soon. Work from MADC's side was complete and now it was up to Infosys to get the lease deed registered and start work, added Senior Marketing Manager in MADC S Sittarsu.Infosys has been granted co-developer status in the SEZ, which means that it can develop the infrastructure to let it out to other units. Sources say a co-developer status gives Infosys many advantages unlike other IT firms that are classified as units in a SEZ. Unlike a unit, a co-developer is not bound to start the work within three years or get an extension from the ministry of commerce after that. The deal between MADC and Infosys, however, stipulates a three year period, Madan said.Corporates usually get co-developer status and let out the facility to their own subsidiaries. The rent paid to the parent company is also claimed as deduction from taxable income, said a source. Responding to a TOI query earlier, an Infosys spokesperson had maintained that the company did not have any plan to sublet the premises without specifying whether it was to a subsidiary or an outside company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449845", "title": "\u2018Varsity is playing with student lives\u2019", "text": "The varsity's senate meeting on Wednesday was indeed a stormy one with some of the members even demanding the vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar's resignation. Around 10 senate members donned black caps and tied black ribbons around their forehead as a mark of protest against the failed administration. Top on the agenda was the spate of examination goof-ups. The debate went on for so long that the discussion on the new budget was postponed to Thursday.Senate member Sanjay Vairal demanded Welukar's resignation. None of the results have been announced before the requisite hundred days, he said. \"Revaluation results come after almost eight months.\" Students' council general secretary Dhanashri Patil said the varsity is playing with students' lives.One of the principals even said that 80% of the students in her college who went in for revaluation found a huge disparity in their original and remarked papers, raising questions about the evaluation method. \"The university should reimburse fees collected from students for revaluation. Why should students pay for the university's fault?\" asked a senate member.Apart from the questions that he raised on the mismanagement of the examination, senate member Dilip Karande pointed out that the varsity has not followed Clause 26 of the Maharashtra Universities Act. The clause states that the senate should review current academic programmes, suggest news, etc. Members of Yuva Sena staged a protest outside the campus demanding the V-C's resignation, even as their leader, Aditya Thackeray met the CM on Wednesday. They also demanded that MKCL be blacklisted. The delegation handed over a letter listing their grievances to the CM who promised to look into the matter.Addressing an irate audience at the convocation hall, Welukar said, \"We have formed a committee to look into the matter. MKCL has been working with the university for the last four years. We have advertised for the post of controller of examination and a suitable candidate will soon be hired.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12448782", "title": "A bill in lakhs for info on BPL families", "text": "NADIAD: People living below the poverty line (BPL) can't afford one square meal a day, but you have to be a 'lakhpati' to ask for information about BPL cardholders. Maulik Shrimali, a municipal school board member of Nadiad, got the shock of his life when he asked for details of BPL families and people with roaming ration cards in Nadiad town from the mamlatdar.He was given a bill of Rs 23.80 lakh to get the information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act! Shrimali had asked the information for the period since April 2008. A small businessman, he does not have the means to pay such a large amount.\"I was handed the bill some time back,\" he says. \"The public information officer (PIO) refuses to divulge information on roaming ration cards, which are specially given to migrant tribals or labour population which keeps moving from place to place. I smelt something fishy with the cards when they slapped the bill as they may have counted 12 lakh beneficiaries of BPL and the roaming ration cards in Nadiad.\"He adds that the mamlatdar has retired and left the matter unresolved. Pankti Jog, co-ordinator for Mahiti Adhikar Gujarat Pehel (MAGP), says, \"This is atrocious. As under manual 11, 12 and 13 of section 4(1)(b) of RTI Act the mamlatdar has to disclose information voluntarily. If the information sought is voluminous, the PIO has to give an option of providing information in a CD. The mamlatdar was willfully playing foul here.\"Mahesh Pandya, another city-based RTI activist, says, \"Information relating to beneficiaries of BPL cards, NREGA, ration cards, agriculture schemes, food and seed subsidies are to be voluntarily disclosed. For a small town like Nadiad, 12 lakh beneficiaries seem suspicious. The town may not even get six lakh migrant labourers in a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12447503", "title": "Gawande presents Akola ZP budget", "text": "AKOLA: Jaya Gawande, chairman of finance and education committee zilla parishad, Akola presented a financial budget for the year 2012-13 for expenditure of 14.17 crore on Tuesday with modified budget for current financial year 2011-12.6.67 crore has been allocated to the maintenance and repairs of water supply schemes in Akola district. Provisions have been made for implementing various schemes by the zilla parishad.Various schemes included supplying boots to Std I to IV students of zilla parishad schools, supply of desk-bench to ZP high schools, maintenance, repairs of rural roads, construction and extension of ZP administration building.Uproar was witnessed in the ZP house over diverting 1 crore to social welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12447637", "title": "State to reclaim 19 acres of land from BILT", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In a major jolt to Ballarpur Industries Ltd (BILT), the revenue department has issued orders to reclaim over 19 acres of land misused by the company. A secretary-level inquiry has also been ordered against former collector Pradeep Kalbhor, who granted permission for industrial use of the land, overlooking the fact that government had assured in the state assembly to reclaim the land from BILT.The paper industry major was allotted around 65 acres of land for residential purpose; however its management utilized around 19 acres of this land for industrial purpose. After BJP state president and MLA Sudhir Mungantiwar raised the issue way back in April 2008 in the state assembly, then minister of state for revenue Rajendra Shingne had assured the house that the land misused by the industry would be reclaimed and penalty would be levied for violation of norms.Mungantiwar claimed that despite assurance to the house in 2008, the issue has been lingering. Then collector of Chandrapur Pradeep Kalbhor too helped the company by keeping the matter pending. Kalbhor overlooked the government assurance to reclaim the land and awarded the land for industrial use to BILT after obtaining penalty of Rs 50,000 from the company. His act was a breach of assurance given in state assembly, Mungantiwar said.He once again raised the matter in the house through half-an-hour discussion and demanded inquiry against Kalbhor. In reply to Mungantiwar's query, state minister for revenue Prakash Solanke informed that district collector has issued orders to reclaim the land from the company on March 22.In case, BILT management appeals in the matter, the department will see that result in the matter is given quickly, Solanke assured the house. In reply to Mungantiwar's allegation against Kalbhor, state minister announced a secretary-level inquiry against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448685", "title": "Kodiyeri to spearhead operation Neyyattinkara", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A bunch of senior leaders, headed by politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, will lead the CPM's battle to retain Neyyattinkara. A meeting of the CPM district committee, on Wednesday, decided to nominate Kodiyeri as the leader of the bypoll campaign. Central committee (CC) members M A Baby, Thomas Isaac , E P Jayarajan, A Vijayaraghavan, Vaikom Viswan and state secretariat members Anavoor Nagappan and A K Balan will lead the campaign in the constituency.While CC members will focus on one panchayat each, the secretariat members will be in charge of two panchayats. Booth-level monitoring committees, led by state committee members, will also be constituted, said sources. Each state committee member will have the responsibility of 10 booths in the constituency.The district committee, however, didn't discuss about probable candidates. \"The decision on candidates will be taken only after knowing the decision of the state leadership. The search for a candidate, who will be acceptable to the party as well as the general public, is still on. It may take some time,'' said a source.CPM will launch its election campaign with a public meeting on April 2. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will inaugurate the meeting at Neyyattinkara town in the evening. District leaders will take part in the meeting and expose R Selvaraj, who quit the party to join the UDF camp.UDF's probable candidate R Selvaraj held discussion with Muslim League's all India president E Ahamed. It is learnt that Selvaraj requested IUML's support for his candidature in Neyyattinkara.Thiruvananthapuram: A bunch of senior leaders headed by PB member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan will lead the CPM's battle to retain Neyyattinkara. A meeting of the CPM district committee here on Wednesday decided on Kodiyeri as the leader of the grand campaign it plans for the bypoll.Central committee members M.A. Baby, Thomas Isaac, E.P. Jayarajan, A. Vijayaraghavan and Vaikom Viswan and state secretariat members Anavoor Nagappan and A.K. Balan will lead the campaign in the constituency. While CC members will look after one panchayat each, the secretariat members will have the charge of two panchayats. In addition booth-level monitoring committees led by state committee members will also be constituted, said sources. Each state committee member on the campaign team will have the responsibility of 10 booths in the constituency.The district committee, however, didn't discuss about probable candidates. The decision on the candidates will be taken only after knowing the decision of the state leadership. The search for a candidate who will be acceptable to the party as well as the general public is still on. It may take more time than expected,'' said a source.The CPM will launch its election campaign with a public meeting scheduled for April 2. Opposition leader V.S. Achuthanandan will inaugurate the meeting to be held at Neyyattinkara town in the evening. District leaders will take part in the meeting and expose R. Selvaraj, who quit the party to join the UDF camp.UDF candidate probable, R. Selvaraj on Wednesday held discussion with Muslim League all India president and Union MoS E. Ahammed. It is learnt that Selvaraj requested the support of League for his candidature in Neyyattinkara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447715", "title": "Land record to be made available in manual form too", "text": "NAGPUR: A manual copy of the land revenue records will also be made available now along with the computerized copies in the revenue department offices in the district, minister for food and civil supplies Anil Deshmukh said in a statement issued on Wednesday.\"Land records in the district have been computerized 100% and every taluka level office provides computer copy of the 7/12 extract. But there were several complaints that people had to wait for long hours and also required to travel long distances repeatedly as the required computerized documents were not provided because of technical hitches,\" said Deshmukh.Despite clear instruction by the district collector that only computerized documents be provided, the minister took up the matter and sought a solution to the villagers' problems who had to travel 20-30 kms to the taluka office and wait for hours as sometimes software problems halted work at the taluka office. On the minister's intervention, the district collector has allowed issuance of handwritten 7/12 extracts along with computerized copies. A order to this effect was issued on March 26 by the collector's office, claimed Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447913", "title": "Six-month-old foetus of girl child found in Vidhyadhar Nagar", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after an infant girl was found dead in a dustbin in Shastri Nagar locality, a six- to seven-month-old foetus was found at a vacant plot at Naya Khera area in Vidhyadhar Nagar locality. Police have taken it in their custody and initiated a probe to find those who were behind the act.Residents of Naya Khera locality during their morning walk spotted a dead infant girl and informed the police at 8 am on Wednesday. Soon after, a team of police officers and doctors arrived at the spot.\"The doctors told us that it was a six- to seven-month-old fetus of a baby girl and dumped after an illegal termination of pregnancy. Prima facie it appears that the mother of the child had intentionally aborted the girl child since it is merely a six-month-old under-developed foetus. Thus, we are also going to probe the illegal sex determination angle into the matter since only after knowing through sonography that it was a baby girl the pregnancy was terminated,\" said Kushal Singh, circle inspector of Vidhyadhar Nagar.Since, Jaipur police had recovered a dead infant girl on Tuesday, the senior police officers have raised an alarm and asked circle inspectors concerned to probe these cases seriously. Singh said police through the CLG group and residents of the area are trying to identify the nursing home involved in the illegal practice of termination of the six-month-old foetus. \"We have also registered a case under Section 318 of the IPC against unknown persons,\" he added.The state government has started 'Khabari Scheme' to check illegal determination of sex and also to keep a tab on the malpractices of nursing homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449160", "title": "Blind woman mistakes acid for water, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 65-year-old blind woman died a week after she drank acid , mistaking it for water, on Tuesday.Police said Saraswathi of Tamaraibarani Street was staying with her daughter Latha. As she was aged her eye sight was failing her. On March 21, Latha left home for work, leaving Saraswathi alone at home. Floor cleaning acid was kept in a bottle, which Saraswathi thought was water, and drank it.When Latha returned from work, she saw her mother writhing in pain. She rushed Saraswathi to a nearby private hospital and later shifted her to the Government General Hospital, but could not save her. Saraswathi died on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12449111", "title": "Party over when the night\u2019s still young", "text": "KOLKATA: Night life in Kolkata does not rock any more. As night life takes a beating in the city after a curb on the closing hours, not only the party animals are left brooding but business at the night clubs is hit hard by the curfew. The clamp down came after the Park Street rape incident. Now for nearly two months these clubs are closing shop by 11.30pm.A 37-year-old woman was allegedly raped in the wee hours of February 6 in a moving car. The victim had gone to party at a Park Street club. Some youths who befriended her at the joint offered to drop her back home a little after 2am. She alleged that she was raped at gunpoint. The incident shocked the city.Earlier the closing hour for all night clubs on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday was 2 am while for the rest of the days it was 12 midnight. However on Wednesday Friday and Saturday clubs attached with star hotels were allowed to extend the closing time till 4 am for a payment of Rs 2000 each for every extended hour. After the Park Street incident there is a blanket curfew on all clubs to close shop by 12 midnight.The nigh clubs are so cautious that they do not even wait for 11.30 pm. Even on a Saturday night they make it a point to switch on the light and switch off the music by 11 pm. As a result discotheques that used to have revellers vying for a space on the dance-floor, now have a handful of guests.\"One normally hits the club after 9 pm at night. And when you start getting the hang of the night the club gets shut. This is just unbelievable. The rape incident is something everyone should condemn. But it did not take place inside the club. And when the club themselves have hauled up security measures like strict screening on every guest, this curfew does not make any sense. It is high time to relax the timings,\" said Roshan Mitra of Lake Town. \"There was a time when we used to close the door of the night clubs at 4am. We had a roaring business. Police later revised the closing time at 2am. Even then, we managed to get good business. But shutting down shops at 12 midnight is a lethal blow. The fall of footfall is anywhere between 50 to 60 per cent,\" said a night-club operator.The government is in no mood to relax it soon after receiving so much of bad-press over the incident.\"We are only going by the excise rules in the case,\" said joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim. Only a few days ago, the operators of night clubs, pubs and discotheques met Shamim to lodge their protest against such move. Their plea is said to be under consideration. But the chance of changing the decision is remote.After the incident the night clubs have become very strict on not allowing stags. Bouncers have been told to be more vigilant. But such measures have not cut ice with police and the excise department. \"On a normal Saturday the footfall would be between 300 to 500. But there is hardly a crowd nowadays. We have to be content if we get 50 guests,\" said a staff of a club on Park Street. While the excise department refused to renew the licence for extended hours, police too have asked the clubs to submit the records of the previous night's closing time (the last bill) to the respective police station by 5 pm the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448324", "title": "Encroached: 2,482 acres of forest land", "text": "BANGALORE: Close on the heels of a multi-crore wakf property scam, another huge scam of forest land encroachment in and around Bangalore has come to light.About 2,482 acres of forest land, mostly reserve forest areas, have allegedly been encroached upon by prominent government agencies, corporates, religious institutions and several individuals in and around Bangalore, according to forest minister CP Yogeshwar.In a written reply to the legislative council on Wednesday, he said the state government has filed 602 cases against encroachers under Section 64(a) of the Karnataka Forest Act, 1963. \"We'll soon set up a task force involving forest and revenue officials to evict and retrieve all the encroached forest land. We won't yield to any pressure, come what may,'' Yogeshwar said during question hour when opposition members demanded immediate action against encroachers.The minister also said the department has set up a special legal cell to deal with the matter and take back all encroached land from land sharks. The encroached land was earlier classified as reserved and minor forest ranges in and around Bangalore Urban and Rural districts, he added.He also informed that ever since the department initiated recovery proceedings, the department has already confiscated about 162 acres. \"With clear-cut Supreme Court directions on the issue, there is no need to go for issuing a special ordinance to recover the forest land,\" he said.The alleged encroachers include Wipro GE Medicals, M/S BPL India Ltd, Jagadguru Balagangadhara Swamiji Education Institute Principal SJBJT, Onkar Shivapur Swamiji, Director Bangalore Education Centre (V Balley School), Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) and the commissioner, Bangalore Development Authority and KPTCL.The encroached forest lands are in Anekal (322.18), K R Puram (569.28), Bangalore (37.33), Kagglipura (401.10), Yelahanka (6.24), Nelamangala (437.17), Devanahali (146.05), Doddaballapura (373.17) and Hoskote (193.16) [all figures in acres.How did government grant land in the first place?Yogeshwar said it's still not clear whether the 602 encroachers hold the A-Khata (authenticated property registration) for the encroached land. For the same reason, he said he has asked officials to check the details,including those of officials who gave clearances, and submit a report.Task ForceLast year, the task force for recovery of public land and its protection, headed by retired senior bureaucrat V Balasubramanian, submitted a report identifying encroached government land in Karnataka. It was set up in July 2009 by the Yeddyurappa government and estimated the total government and public land encroached upon in Karnataka at 4.8 lakh hectares.The report also highlighted the process by which the political class and the bureaucracy ignored this encroachment, and in many cases actively connived in the process and pointed to the difficulties involved in identification and removal of encroachment on public land. The report noted: \"It requires the commitment of the government and all its officials, especially by the departments of forest and revenue\". The report, however, is now in cold storage.However, Yogeshwar sounded optimistic: \"We'll do everything possible to recover the encroached forest land by taking it as a challenge.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449533", "title": "Northeast, Tibet all the same to cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Citizens from the northeast became targets of what amounted to racial profiling on Wednesday , as cops stopped and questioned any person with \"Tibetan features\" in a bid to preempt protests during Chinese President Hu Jintao's visit.Reports of harassment came from markets, residential areas and streets. In some cases, citizens were stopped on the street and taken to the police station for questioning.\"Three of us were going to Hauz Khas when our auto was stopped near Humayun's Tomb. When we said we were from Manipur , the cops asked us to show our passports. I am an Indian living in Delhi for four years. Why should I carry my passport? I was made to feel unwelcome in my own country,\" said a 25-year-old woman who did not wish to be named.Some employees at eateries in Khan Market were even taken to the police station. \"Around a dozen people from north-eastern states who are employed in various eateries and shops in Khan Market were picked up for questioning. Most of them were released immediately after they provided their identification papers. Three girls who did not have any papers on them were taken to the police station, from where they were later released as their employers vouched for their credentials ,\" said Sanjeev Mehra, Khan Market association president .Elderly men in auto rickshaws and cars were hauled away by cops. One woman, hailing from Nagaland and working in an eatery in Khan Market described how she managed to report to work. \"I live in Majnu ka Tila but was stopped there. At first I managed to leave my house saying I wanted to buy vegetables. I was stopped again near Khan Market but I told the cops to do their duty and let me do mine. But now after the days' work, I am wondering how to go back home,\" said the 35-yearold .\"The BRICS summit has been accorded top security status . There is a very high threat from Tibetan elements and we are just trying to ensure that no Tibetan national comes to the venue and does an act that embarrasses the nation,\" said special CP (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar.Kumar said 84 Tibetan activists were arrested in six hours from the Chinese president's route and the Parliament Street area. In such an atmosphere, Kumar said police had to question and verify the antecedents of a large number of people. \" We are just trying to stop any potentially violent act,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12447889", "title": "Exports worth Rs 4,000 cr held up", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Exports worth over Rs 4,000 crore have been held up due to a two-day-old strike by workers at the Jawaharlal Nehru Port in Uran on Wednesday. The indefinite strike is over a long-pending demand for compensation to project-affected persons (PAPs).Mohan Nihalani, president, All-India Importers' and Exporters' Association, said exporters will not be able to fulfill export obligations imposed on them by the government under various schemes by March 31, the end of the financial year, which will lead to heavy penalties.JNPT contributes to 36.5% of the country's import and export trade. \"The customs lost around Rs 600 crore in duties alone,'' he said. Customs officials were not permitted entry into the building housing its office, sources said, and striking workers allegedly assaulted the driver of an additional commissioner.Nihalani said the workers forced the shutdown of operations at container freight stations attached to the port. Nearly 30,000 workers at the port and other related stations at Nhava Sheva have also struck work since Tuesday in support of PAPs, who are demanding 12.5% compensation for giving away ancestral land during construction of the port.Bhushan Patil, a JNPT trustee, told TOI, \"There seems to be some positive development since the strike call, as the union shipping ministry is said to be moving files for finally compensating PAPs. But the strike will continue till an official announcement is made.\"Patil said that in 1984, land was acquired from 3,000 families of PAPs in Uran to build the port, but the compensation has not yet been given to them, despite the availability of 400 acres near the JNPT township.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449942", "title": "Couple found hanging in Pataudi", "text": "GURGAON: A Hisar-based couple allegedly committed suicide by hanging themselves from a tree in Telpuri village in Patuadi. The two were supposedly in love and wanted to get married but their families had opposed their alliance, the police said.The police identified the couple as Umed, 24, and Preeti, 18, residents of Hisar. Cops said that on Wednesday morning one Rajesh, resident of Telpuri village, saw the couple's bodies hanging from a tree in the field.He informed the village sarpanch, Sher Singh, who in turn informed the police. After some time Pataudi police reached on spot and took custody of the bodies. The police found food packets and soft drink bottles near the spot and recovered a bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448139", "title": "Arya hits the trail running in Rajouri Garden", "text": "NEW DELHI: Loud drums, large BJP flags, bags full of chocolates and tonnes of garlands marked the beginning of campaigning in the Tagore Garden area of Rajouri Garden ward on Tuesday morning. BJP's three-time councillor and leader of the MCD house, Subash Arya, started his campaign at 7am, just 18 hours after filing his nomination papers.Arya, a sitting councillor from Subhash Nagar, is one of the few men who have gained from 50% reservation for women. In the 2007 municipal elections, he could not contest from Rajouri Garden as the seat was declared reserved for women. However, the recent implementation of 50% reservation for women has again made Rajouri Garden a general ward.On Tuesday evening, walking the bumpy roads of Tagore Garden's D-block (part of his ward) with 30-odd supporters, Arya tried to interact with every person drawn out of home by the call of loud drumbeats. From touching the feet of the elderly to giving chocolates to children, Arya did everything that would please the 39,000 voters in his ward just 18 days before the polls.When an elderly person complained about a contractor who left a road half repaired, Arya called up the office of the deputy commissioner to ensure work resumes at the earliest. \"I will change the face of this area within one year,\" said Arya. His supporters murmured against the sitting councilor (Shashi Talwar of BJP) for not doing enough.Before starting his campaign, Arya performed a brief puja at the Sanatan Dharma temple in D-block. Till April 15, the day that will seal his fate, Arya will go out to campaign everyday from 7 to 9 am, and from 5 to 7.30 pm.Given Rajouri Garden's large Sikh population, Arya's pamphlets talk about his role in controlling violence in the area during the anti-Sikh riots of 1984. There are also details of the work done in the area since 1997, the first time he won the municipal election from the ward. \"This seat cannot go to anyone else. He has been an active member of the area since 1983,\" said a supporter. Arya faces Congress's first-time candidate Manmohan Singh Kochchar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447690", "title": "Mihan gets funds for land acquisition", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) finally received enough funds to pay for the last round of land acquisition for Mihan project.The state budget has an allocation Rs 438 crore for the civil aviation sector. This amount is to be used for acquisition of land to develop airports at Amravati, Kolhapur, Karad, Shirdi and Rajgurunagar near Pune, apart from the package to be granted for Mihan.MADC, which is also developing other airports, needs last patch of 146 hectares in Jaitala-Bhamti villages for the second runway in Mihan. With an offer of Rs 1.5 crore per hectare made to the oustees, an estimated Rs 300 crore will be needed. With the budgetary allocation, MADC finds itself in a comfortable position. The company's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan told TOI that the funds would be enough for acquisition in Mihan as well as for other airports.However, the company still awaits formal approval from the government to the rate of Rs 1.5 crore per hectare. The payouts can begin only after the government nod. The approval is expected in a few days, said Madan. MADC will also be needing Rs 77 crore for cash compensation to another group of landholders. Those residing in Shivangaon have an option of taking 12.5% of developed land or go for cash compensation. Last fiscal, the state allotted Rs 189 crore under this head but with a hike in valuation of land, the amount needed goes up to Rs 266 crore. MADC officials hope lower amount will be shelled out as not all landholders will go for cash option.Even though funds have been provided for land acquisition, the process is still being opposed by a section of land owners led by local leaders in Jaitala and Bhamti. So far government has got consent from 33 individuals for acquisition of 46 hectares, with others still holding out.The second runway is vital for Mihan to handle the increased traffic expected to be generated after the cargo hub is operational. Indian Air Force (IAF), whose base is to be shifted from present site, is also insisting on having a runway close to new site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12452185", "title": "Commuters stranded at Delhi Metro stations due to technical glitch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thousands of commuters were stranded at various Metro stations in the national capital during the morning rush hours on Thursday after trains were delayed due to a technical problem.Commuters in the city were a harassed lot as they were already reeling under the traffic restrictions for the BRICS Summit.Trains on the busy Line 3 that connects Noida and Ghaziabad with Dwarka were delayed since 8.30 in the morning after they were run at a restricted speed between two stations due to the technical problem.The problem, which was spotted at around 8.30am, was yet to be rectified till late in the morning, causing severe inconvenience to office-goers and others who had to search for other modes of transport to reach their destinations.Traffic restrictions on roads in the city due to the BRICS Summit prompted many to take the Metro, but the decision did not pay much dividends for them.Trains were run at a restricted speed between Pragati Maidan and Mandi House stations which led to bunching of trains on the corridor during the morning hours. During the peak hours, trains are run at a frequency of three minutes on this corridor.Sarangi, a software professional who lives in Janakpuri, had to wait for a train for over 20 minutes.\"When the Metro came, it was very crowded. But I managed to get into it but it was not moving fast. I had to get down at Kirti Nagar Station and take an auto to reach Connaught Place,\" he said.He was not alone as several passengers from the satellite city of Ghaziabad also waited for Metro to reach their offices on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12454216", "title": "Tatas ready bid for UK's C&W;", "text": "MUMBAI: Tata Communications is gearing up to bid for UK's Cable &amp; Wireless Worldwide (C&W; ) after tying up $2 billion debt to finance the acquisition.The company will have to submit a formal offer by Thursday under the new UK takeover regulations.Tata Communications said on March 2 it was evaluating an offer for C&W; after TOI reported the Indian company's potential interest in the 142 year-old ailing British giant. The company, a unit of the $84 billion Tata Group , may compete with Vodafone Plc to win control of C&amp;W.;Sources said Tata executives met with telecom ministry officials securing their support for the deal.The UK takeover panel can extend the deadline after consulting C&W;, which some international media reports said was a possibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12448052", "title": "Deputy chairperson of 10-member BMC voted out", "text": "Bicholim: The no-confidence motion moved by seven councillors of the 10-member Bicholim Municipal Council (BMC) against deputy chairperson Shashikant Naik Halrankar last week was passed on Wednesday by 7-3 votes.BMC chairperson Anisha Vernekar and councillors Kamlakar Teli, Kamlesh Teli, Riyaz Beig, Karuna Govekar, Narayan Betkikar and Premanand Mayekar voted in favour of the motion, while Shashikant Halrankar, Anita Harmalkar and Ajit Birje voted against it.Sources said that Narayan Betkikar is tipped to be the BMC's next deputy chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448811", "title": "Guru spreads the message of Dharma in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The 62nd Vardhanti (birthday celebrations) of his holiness Jagadguru Sankaracharya Sri Sri Bharati Tirtha Mahaswamigal was celebrated in the city on Wednesday. The swamigal is on a vijaya yathra across Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh from March 20 to April 4. The Sri Sharadambal Thirukoil Kumbabishekam will also happen as part of the celebrations on April 1. The temple is at Race Course in the city.During the Vardhanti celebrations, the swamigal said that both tireless efforts and divine blessings were very important in life. He also spoke about the importance of Dharma in life.\"You might see people who have strayed from the path of Dharma being successful in life. You might doubt why they are successful even after straying from Dharma. But such success is only temporary and leads to the path of destruction,\" he said.\"Just praying to God will not do. To achieve your goal you have to make tireless efforts. Only then will you be successful. Also, please do not undermine the role of your divine blessing,\" he said.The main object of the Vijaya Yathra is to spread the message of Dharma. This is the first visit by the Swamigal to Coimbatore in 17 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447107", "title": "Cong may appoint office-bearers in a week", "text": "NASHIK: A year after the office of the Congress party was dissolved, steps are being taken to appoint new office-bearers (working committee) as soon as possible.The tentative list of office-bearers is being prepared and should be ready within a couple of days, said local leaders, who claim that the new panel will incorporate maximum number of young leaders.Sources in the party added that the new office would be formed within a week.Leaders added that a tentative list of office-bearers will be sent to the party head office. Only the city chief has been appointed so far.\"I am the only office-bearer since a year. The office-bearers of our central organization helped us all this while,\" said city chief Akash Chhajed. He added that those dedicated to the party, women party workers and senior leaders should be included in the list of office-bearers, with an emphasis on young party workers.\"I am preparing a tentative list of office-bearers, which should be ready in two days. The team of office-bearers is a big one and there are many volunteers. I will have to select them from each block and include youths and women. The list will then be sent to the senior leaders for approval,\" said Chhajed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448566", "title": "Sajag questions delay in declaring water cuts", "text": "PUNE: It seems that warning bells of imminent water cuts this summer were rung in December last year but the official announcement was made only in the first week of March i.e. after the results of civic elections were declared.The city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch has urged state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad to order a departmental inquiry against the municipal commissioner of Pune for not acting on the instructions given by the irrigation department on December 27, 2011, that water saving measures should begin from January 1 itself.Vivek Velankar, the founder of Sajag Nagrik Manch, said at a press conference on Wednesday that an email has been sent to Gaikwad and a hard copy of the letter will be dispatched by courier on Thursday.Velankar also furnished copies of the minutes of the December 27 meeting called by the district collector to discuss water availability and earmarking of drinking water till July 15. \"The minutes clearly said that the irrigation department was in a position to supply only 8 TMC water instead of 10 TMC needed by the Pune municipal corporation till July 15. The minutes also mentioned that unless austerity measures were enforced with immediate effect, no water will be left for supply in the last 50 days before monsoon. The civic body was asked to start implementing austerity measures from January 1 itself,\" he said.Velankar said that had the civic body enforced 10 to 15% water cuts from January 1, the situation would not have been so severe. \"The election code of conduct came into force on January 4, so there was no problem in effecting water cuts from January 1. We suspect the civic body deliberately kept the Puneites in dark about water cuts for two months because the civic elections were round the cornerSo, the municipal commissioner needs to face a departmental inquiry,\" Velankar said.Velankar also questioned how 1.29 TMC water from the dams has gone missing. \"In the December 27 meeting, it was concluded that the PMC will get 8 TMC water for supply till July 15. The city has lifted 1.40 TMC water and 1.31 TMC water in January and February respectively. So, 5.29 TMC water should have been made available for the city for the period between March 1 and July 15. But the irrigation department issued a statement in the first week of March saying that only 4 TMC water will be given to Pune till July 15,\" he said.Reacting to the charges, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"There was no specific decision at the December meeting about the amount of water cuts needed. It was only decided that measures should be taken for better water management. Later, another meeting was called on February 28 where the schedule for water cuts was decided and it was implemented from March1,\" Pathak said.Pathak said there are many reasons for fall in availability of water like lack of good rainfall during the withdrawal phase of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448477", "title": "Windy days won\u2019t keep heat away", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Scorching heat readies to set in with the meteorological department office forecasting clear sky in the coming days. Temperature rose by two degrees celsius on Wednesday and days are likely to get warmer.Meteorological director H L Syal said wind shall keep blowing but mercury will go on rising.There is however still some variation in night and day temperatures with the nights remaining cool.Resident of Sector 11 Gautam Verma said, \"The weather was pleasant, especially during the evening hours. But the dusty winds cause problems.\" Homemaker Reena Dixit of Sector 15 planned a visit to Sukhna Lake to take a breath of cool fresh air.Shoppers feel the time is right for them to take a stroll in the marketplaces and buy goodies.\"It will be so warm soon that we wont be able to step out of out homes till late evening,\" said Manpreet Sethi, a resident of Sector 38.Sonal Chauhan, who is a student and lives in Sector 15, said, \"Summer is finally here and it is time to wear pastel shades. So many varieties are available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12448933", "title": "Ijju Shaikh booked for atrocity", "text": "SURAT: Almost 19 years after research department explosive (RDX) landing case in Valsad, name of Izra-ul-Haq alias Ijju Shaikh is in the news for wrong reasons. Shaikh was on Tuesday evening booked by the Valsad police for atrocity charges and threatening to kill a person. Shaikh was acquitted in the RDX landing case.Along with Shaikh, his brother Abdul Rahim and father of his driver Shyamlal Rathod have been booked following a compliant by Rajesh Rathod, who belongs to scheduled caste. Shaikh is alleged to have pressurized Rajesh to withdraw his candidature from village panchayat election, police said. In his complaint, Rajesh told the police that his name was unanimously accepted by villagers from ward number 15 for village panchayat elections, which are going to take place in April. Meanwhile, on Monday, he left for Mumbai and on the same evening Shaikh went to his house to threaten him. Since Rajesh was not there, he threatened his wife and used abusive language.Later, Shaikh and other accused called Rajesh on his mobile phone and threatened to kill him if he did not withdrew his candidature from the election. Rajesh was expecting a threat prior to election following which he recorded the seven-minute call. Later on Tuesday, father of Shaikh's driver Shyamlal came to the victim's residence and repeated the threats. Shyamlal stays in the same locality where the victim stays.Fearing an attack, Rajesh approached the superintendent of police in Valsad on Tuesday evening, and the complaint was filed. Police recovered the audio recording as evidence and scientific examination of the recording is being carried out. Voice spectrograph of the audio recording will be done to find out its authenticity, police said.The case is being investigated by deputy superintendent of police, Vapi, J A Patel. When contacted, Patel refused to comment on the case.\"We have registered a plaint and the investigation is on. Necessary action will be taken,\" superintendent of police, Valsad, D B Vaghela said. In recent past, Shaikh's name cropped up in a case of forgery in where his family used fake papers and persons to become farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449237", "title": "CFL plan not so bright: Experts", "text": "CHENNAI: The government's decision to replace incandescent lights in huts and in city slums with compact fluorescent lamps (CFL) is laudable in intent but will not serve its stated purpose of saving energy, experts say.If the government is serious about solving the state's power crisis, brought on by populist schemes such as free power, it should charge all beneficiaries for the electricity they consume, an energy expert said.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced a 14.62 crore project to provide CFLs free of cost to 14.62 lakh huts in what was intended to be a major initiative to promote power saving. The government said it expected to save 45MW through the project.However, power managers say the major problem, and the one that must be addressed, is the misuse of free power. \"There are over 14 lakh free connections to huts in the state and the power provided is rampantly misused,\" an official said. \"The electricity board cannot even track the use of power as the connections do not have meters.\"\"Slum tenements are slowly developing into mini industries. The dosa batter sold in plastic covers is made in some of these areas. They are illegally using free electricity to run grinders for commercial purposes,\" a Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) official said.Free agricultural connections are also widely misused. \"Many agricultural fields have disappeared and brick kilns have taken their place, especially in Tiruvallur district,\" a consumer activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12449785", "title": "Dog saves own life by dialling emergency", "text": "LONDON: Who said animals are stupid and do not use their brains? For a dog in UK proved to be alert and sharp, saving his own life by dialling emergency services.After George, the two-yearold Basset Hound in West Yorkshire, got so tangled in a phone cord that he began choking, the frantic pup somehow managed to alert the Emergency Services by dialling 999, the Sun reports.Concerned by the heavy breathing on the other end, the emergency operator dispatched police to the home, thinking that someone had collapsed or been attacked. George's owners weren't home, but as the police were preparing to smash down the door, a neighbour, Paul Walker , ran out with a key to let the police into the house.As the police were searching the house, the neighbour walked into the living room and found terrified George choking with a phone lead wound tightly round his neck, the report said. Paul ripped the phone apart to wrench the wire from George's throat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12447963", "title": "Probe sought into PWD works in Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: Alleging that there were several discrepancies in the works carried out by the PWD division VI in Fatorda, MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the government constitute a high-level committee to look into the estimates of all planned and non-planned works executed in the recent past.Alleging \"large scale pilferage of funds,\" Sardesai said that the needle of suspicion pointed at \"unscrupulous contractors and officers in connivance with the then government.\" He demanded that the blame be fixed and action taken against the guilty.Sardesai carried out a site inspection of the hotmixing and widening of roads in Borda in the presence of officials from the PWD, electricity and other government departments and criticized the PWD for not having coordinated with the electricity department and sewerage infrastructural and development corporation.\"It appears that a lot of work in Fatorda which was publicized by the former MLA in his election campaign has been done in haste and there appears to be a lot of discrepancies,\" Sardesai told mediapersons after the inspection. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12448929", "title": "MLAs wave TOI copies in House", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat state assembly speaker Ganpat Vasava on Wednesday said that Opposition leader of the Gujarat state assembly Shaktisinh Gohil and his deputy, Mohansinh Rathwa, had \"breached the propriety of the House\" by selectively leaking information of the CAG report to the media.The speaker reacted after Opposition MLAs waved copies of The Times of India's Wednesday edition and created a din on the lack of transparency on matters relating to corruption.\"I direct the Opposition leader and the deputy Opposition leader of the state assembly to ensure in future that CAG report's details are not publicized to the media till it is placed in the House,\" he said. The ruling came after legislative affairs minister Dilip Sanghani charged that the Opposition leader and the deputy Opposition leader had \"violated the House propriety\". Citing precedents, Opposition MLAs pointed out that the CAG report should be placed in the House within a week of the session begining.The Opposition MLAs had met the Gujarat governor on Monday. On Wednesday, they created a ruckus in the assembly over the government's refusal to place the report in the House. The MLAs were later suspended for the rest of the assembly session which ends on March 30.Earlier, Gujarat governor Dr Kamla wrote a letter to the state assembly secretariat to explain as to why the CAG report had not been placed in the House.The CAG report is likely to be tabled on March 30, but with all the Opposition MLAs suspended, there is no likelihood of a debate on the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449750", "title": "School bus driver runs over businessman", "text": "MUMBAI: A Borivli-based businessman died on Tuesday evening after he was crushed to death under the wheels of a school bus in Gamdevi. The accident took place at around 5:30pm on the Kennedy bridge when the driver of a school bus lost control of the vehicle due to a brake failure. The driver, Mushtaq Siddiquee (45), was arrested and booked for rash and negligent driving and culpable homicide not amounting to murder. A trial court on Wednesday released him on bail against a bond of Rs 20,000.Siddiquee, a bus driver with St Colombo School, was dropping students back home when he realized that the brakes of the bus weren't working. He tried to reduce the speed but rammed into a taxi parked in front. The taxi, in turn, banged into another bus parked in front of it. The impact of this collision apparently caused the school bus to turn about 90 degrees towards the right. The rear of the bus jumped the footpath and crushed Shah who was walking on it.Shah was rushed to Nair Hospital in a critical condition . He died two hours later.\"We arrested the driver and seized the bus. It was his responsibility to ensure that the bus was in working condition . Thanks to heavy traffic at the time, the speed of the bus was slow, otherwise this could have led to a big disaster on the busy road,\" said inspector A Tamek of Gamdevi police station.Tamke said the children in the bus and the taxi driver did not report any injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12448681", "title": "A lesson in environment conservation for tiny-tots", "text": "LUDHIANA: St Xavier Playway School, Civil Lines, took a step towards spreading the conservation message by organizing its annual function on the theme 'save animals, save nature' on Wednesday. Students depicted the theme in their dance and dramatics performances.The performances included a group dance titled 'jungle fever', enactment of the story 'Jungle Boot House', and a play called 'Save Animals'. Even the decor of the school premises was done according to the conservation theme. A fancy dress competition witnessed participation from 35 students, who brought the jungle to the school, having dressed as various animals. The function concluded with an award distribution to all participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gaya/dhanbad", "code": "12448265", "title": "Brother alleges hubby planned Dhanbad woman's murder", "text": "GAYA/DHANBAD: Giving a new twist to the killing of Dhanbad woman Suman Barnwal allegedly by road robbers at Sikandara near Lakhisarai in Bihar on Sunday evening, her brother Rajesh Barnwal on Wednesday alleged he suspected involvement of his sister's husband Naresh Barnwal in the killing.A resident of Gaya, Rajesh was a witness to the crime as he along with his wife was accompanying Naresh and Suman when the killing took place while they were on their way to Jamui from Rajgir in a car. He made the allegation when he was summoned by Gaya SP (city) Babu Ram ostensibly to identify the photograph of a suspect emailed by the Lakhisarai police. Rajesh could not confirm the involvement of the suspect, saying it was dark at the time of the killing.According to Ram, Rajesh attributed his suspicion to circumstantial evidence, including allegedly \"feeble\" attempt made by his brother-in-law to rescue Suman from the criminals. Asked about his own efforts, he said he seriously tried to save his sister.Asked what may have prompted Naresh to eliminate his wife, Rajesh told police his brother-in-law was having an affair with wife's cousin. If Rajesh's version is to be believed, Naresh's conduct during the picnic also left room for doubt as Naresh allegedly delayed his departure from Rajgir, drove at slow speed and frequently talked to someone giving his location.Asked if Rajesh had lodged a formal complaint, Ram said a police team from the district where the crime took place was on its way to Gaya to formally record Rajesh's statement.When TOI contacted Rajesh, he said he not only suspected but was \"101% sure\" about his brother-in-law's involvement in the \"planned murder\". Asked why he took four days to spill the beans, Rajesh said he initially felt local police (of Lakhisarai and Jamui) were hand in glove with his brother-in-law. \"I felt threat to my life as well,\" he said and alleged all was not well with the marital life of his sister.In Dhanbad, meanwhile, Naresh expressed surprise over the allegations. He said call details of his cellphone could prove he was talking to his relatives. \"I did try to save my wife,\" he said and added even Rajesh Babu must be talking nicely to his wife's sister which didn't mean he wanted to marry her. He further said his neighbours would vouch for his happy married life of four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448661", "title": "UDF meet skirts crucial decisions", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Anoop Jacob will have to wait for some more time to become a minister. The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) will remain at the mercy of Congress high command for their fifth cabinet berth. R Balakrishna Pillai will have to wait for the mercy of the state Congress leadership to remove his son from the cabinet.These are the outcomes of what was touted to be a crucial meeting of the United Democratic Front (UDF) held here on Wednesday. \"The decision on Anoop Jacob and Pillai's grievance will be decided in the state while the party high command will take a call on the IUML request,\" said UDF convener P P Thankachan after the meeting at the KPCC office.The Congress's ploy is clear: it wants to delay the decisions for a few more days. Then, the Neyyattinkara bypoll will be announced.Though Johnny Nellore of KC(J) wanted the front to fix a date for swearing in of Anoop Jacob, the Congress leaders said it could be finalised after resolving all the other issues. In the end chief minister Oommen Chandy was entrusted with the task of deciding a date.Though Pillai explained his party's move to withdraw its nominee from the government, the UDF asked Chandy to discuss the issue with the leaders before taking a final decision. But Pillai insisted that the decision should be taken in a week.The IUML team led by its national president E Ahamad along with P K Kunhalikutty stressed the need for their fifth cabinet berth and reminded the Congress of its promise. But the Congress leaders were unimpressed and made it clear that a decision on this cannot be taken now.But the Congress decided to put the onus of deciding on IUML's demand on the party high command as it \"involves expansion of the cabinet\".It seems that thestate Congress leadership will resolve these issues only after the Neyyattinkara bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448334", "title": "Mushaira, Kavi Sammelan", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Urdu Akademi will hold an All-India Mushaira and Kavi Sammelan at open air stage of Ravindra Bhavan at 7.30 pm on March 29. The books published by the Akademi will also be released.The invitee poets include Prof Waseem Barelvi from Bareilly, Anwar Jalalpuri from Jalalpur, Habib Hashmi from Kolkata, Akhtar Gwaliori from Ujjain, Ashok Sahil from Muzaffarnagar, Naeem Akhtar Khadmi from Burhanpur, Anjum Rahbar from Bhopal, Haneef Purnam from Katangi, Hasan Fatehpuri from Delhi, Anjum Barabankvi from Bhopal, Anwar Amaan from Agra, Parveen Saba from Bhopal and Hashmat Reewani from Rewa.The invitees also include Mahendra Ajnabi from Delhi, Pramod Tiwari from Delhi, Pradeep Chaube from Gwalior, Alok Shrivastava from Vidisha, Suraj Rai Suraj from Jabalpur, Banaj Kumar Banaj from Jaipur, Dr. Kavita Kiran from Phalna, Rajasthan, Sunder Maleganwi from Malegaon and Nadeem Saad from Deoband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448501", "title": "BCG Group to expand homeopathy business", "text": "KOCHI: Arth (Advanced Research and Treatments in Homeopathy), promoted by builders BCG Group, is all set to expand its chain of homeopathy clinics across Kerala and the Middle East in a phased manner, said Rekha C Babu, CEO of BCG Group.Arth presently has four operational homeopathy clinics and will open 45 new branches/clinics in the next six months at an investment of Rs 60 lakh. At least three new clinics will be set up in Malappuram and two in Wayanad district.\"Homeopathy still has no organized corporate structure and we are trying to harness its multifarious benefits and improve its accessibility to the common man. In the process, we will stress the affordability of homeopathy and quick relief from a range of ailments without any side effects for the patient,\" Rekha said.She said that homeopathy is gaining in relevance at a time when lifestyle diseases are on the rise, and conventional medicine is failing to give lasting solutions.\"Arth is an initiative to streamline homeopathy practice through professionally managed clinics and standardized procedures,\" she noted. Arth presently has 20 homeopaths on its rolls and a hub-and-spoke model is planned as the clinical chain grows in size. \"We will have 6-8 doctors in every hub and two doctors in every spoke. The doctos will be certified by the Medical Council and will have access to computerized patient records accessible from any Arth branch,\" she said, adding that care would be taken to ensure that treatment costs are maintained at affordable levels.The homeopathy clinics will offer solutions in the areas of palliative cancer care, kidney stones, thyroid problems, paediatric care and geriatrics. \"Homeopathy is particularly effective in cancer care and treatment of kidney stones which can be done without surgical intervention. Thyroid-related complaints and paediatric care are areas where homeopathy offers safe and effective care for repeated ailments.\"Kerala has witnessed a spurt in homeopathic treatment over the past few years. The no. of government homeopathic out-patients and in-patients has increased from 10 million and 12,212 in 2007 to13.67 million and 36,785 in 2009, respectively.Approximately 8,500 homeopathic doctors are registered with the Travancore Medical Council, which is an indication of the popularity of homeopathy in Kerala.The Indian homeopathy market was estimated to be around Rs 2,700 crore in 2010, from Rs 1,250 crore in 2007. It is expected to grow faster than the global market, at 30% annually, and achieve Rs 4,600 crore by 2012.Over 100 million Indians depend solely on homeopathy and this figure is likely to exceed 160 million in the next three years, according to the Indian Homeopathic Medical Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448199", "title": "Govt cancels registration of 66 sonography machines in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Registration of 66 sonography machines has been cancelled by the Ahmedabad district collector's office. Collector Vijay Nehra said the action follows the earlier crackdown wherein 77 sonography machines were sealed after violations were reported under the Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.\"Among the doctors who were affected by the earlier crackdown on the 77 sonography machines, 11 have gone into appeal. The registration of 66 machines has been cancelled,\" Nehra said.Officials said that in most of these cases, the doctors have got registration but not bought the machines. In some cases, the doctors have left for abroad and are not using any sonography machines.Officials said that the action was taken after there was no communication from the doctors. Now, if the doctors want fresh registration, they will have to make fresh applications and follow the procedure from scratch.The sealing of machines and cancellation of registration follows strict scrutiny under the PCPNDT Act where doctors have to submit Form F furnishing complete detail of each pregnant woman whose sonography was conducted by the 5th of every month. The crackdown is to curb sex determination and resultant female foeticide in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12449945", "title": "Toll plaza jam takes toll on heart patient", "text": "ALWAR: A traffic jam at the toll plaza located at Shahjahanpur village of Alwar district that lasted for almost an hour proved fatal for a 38-year-old man who was on his way to Jaipur following a heart attack. Due to the traffic jam at the toll plaza, the man succumbed in the ambulance itself. Villagers, accompanying the victim, then created a ruckus and the authorities of the toll plaza announced an ex gratia of Rs 7 lakh to the family of the deceased.Jeetendra Vijayvargiya, a native of Shahjahanpur village at the Jaipur -Delhi highway, suffered a severe chest pain at 4.30am on Wednesday.Since he lives in a joint family, without wasting a minute his father took him to a private clinic in the town. Thereafter, the private clinic considering the serious condition of the man referred the case to the Sawai Man Singh hospital, Jaipur. An ambulance then started ferrying relatives of the patient, Jeetendra, to Jaipur, according to the police.After reaching at the toll plaza run by Pink City Expressway Private limited company, the ambulance got stuck at the queue at the toll plaza. \"The gate gives a freeway for VVIP and medical cases at the toll plaza were blocked because of maintenance work of the road. The driver of the ambulance asked the highway authorities to clear the way for him. But, almost half-an-hour was wasted in arguments and counter-arguments. Finally, at 5.30 am the patient Vijayvargiya died,\" said a local from Shahjahanpur.Soon after, the villagers rushed to the spot and were at loggerheads with the toll plaza employees. Some of the persons also thrashed employees of the toll plaza, according to the police.Later, the villagers demanded an ex-gratia for the deceased for the alleged laxity and negligence of the toll plaza employees. Later, local BJP leader Dharampal Chaudhary also reached at the spot. Finally, the general manager, toll plaza, general manager, Colonel UK Rai announced an ex-gratia of Rs 7 lakh to the family of the deceased on behalf of the toll plaza. Chaudhary also announced a compensation of Rs 51,000, police added.Jeetendra is survived by two daughters, a family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448807", "title": "'Coalgate': Junior coal minister nixed auction twice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The minister of state for coal in 2004-06 tried to stall the process for quickly introducing a competitive bidding regime for distributing coal blocks on at least two occasions, according to a chronology of events recorded in the government auditor's draft report on allocation of 155 coal acreages.The Comptroller and Auditor General's draft report - first reported by TOI on March 22 - says the idea of allocating coal blocks through the competitive route was first mooted on June 28, 2004. After the process of seeking the Cabinet's approval started, the CAG report notes, the minister of state ( Dasari Narayan Rao ) \"stated that the proposal for competitive bidding may not be pursued further...\"The junior minister, the report notes, stated this on the ground that it would \"invite further delay in the allocation of blocks considering that the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Amendment Bill 2000 envisaging competitive bidding as a selection process for allocation of blocks for commercial purposes was pending in the Rajya Sabha with stiff opposition from trade unions and others concerned\".The report notes that the junior minister also disagreed with the premise that the \"screening committee (an inter-ministerial panel under coal secretary for allocating coal blocks) could not ensure transparent decision-making, which alone was not an adequate ground for switching over to a new mechanism\".The second attempt to delay the process was made in on July 4, 2005. The report records that in a note to the Prime Minister, who held the portfolio of coal, the junior minister stated \"the implications of such a decision by the Cabinet needed to be considered in great detail and that there was a general reluctance on the part of power utilities to participate in the competitive bidding due to cost implications\".After several rounds of exchanges in the ministry, an amended draft Cabinet note was placed before the minister of state on November 4, 2005.On January 12, 2006 the minister stated that \"PMO had taken a view to amend the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act which was a time consuming exercise, and as such, allowed the department to proceed with the allocation of captive coal blocks under the extant (existing) mechanism (through the screening committee).The CAG further notes the junior minister as stating, \"Several applications were received in respect of coal and lignite blocks already put on offer and which were under process and as such there was no immediacy in the matter and that the (Cabinet) note be resubmitted at an appropriate time keeping in view the issues involved.\"After pressure from the PMO to move the note \"urgently\", the final approval for submitting it was given by the coal secretary on March 16, 2006. But on April 7, 2007, a meeting in the PMO \"felt that it would be more appropriate to make an amendment in the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 so that the system of competitive bidding could be made applicable to all minerals covered under the said Act\".That set off another round of file-pushing and further delayed introduction of auctions in the coal sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12448025", "title": "QMC gets new chairperson", "text": "MARGAO: Dayesh Naik is now the new chairperson of the ten-member Quepem Municipal Council (QMC). He was elected unopposed at a meeting on Tuesday.Deputy collector Rajendra Mirajkar presided over the elections, while chief officer of the QMC Prashant Shirodkar, was also present. Quepem MLA Chandrakant Kavlekar also attended the meeting.The election was necessitated after Manuel Colaco was ousted from the post through a no-confidence motion. The motion was passed 7-0.Colaco had contested the recently-concluded assembly elections against Kavlekar on a UGDP ticket.Since Naik was the deputy chairperson when Colaco was heading the council, with his ascension to the chairperson's post, the post of deputy chairperson is now vacant.Councillor Effie Periera is likely to be elected unopposed as second-in-command, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448172", "title": "HC seeks action plan on Slum Rehabilitation Authority flats", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Wednesday sought an \"action plan\" from the state to deal with the issue of re-sale of flats under the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) before the expiry of the 10-year deadline.\"Come out with an action plan,'' suggested a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, while hearing a petition about a SRA project in Chandivali. There are thousands of flats in the SRA scheme. We cannot pass orders in every matter,'' the court added in its oral remarks.Assistant government pleader Milind More informed the court that four flats in Chandivali were sealed as per orders. In one case the seal was broken and in another the flat was resold for over Rs 8 lakhs,'' said More.The court ordered cops to initiate action against persons who trespass or encroach upon flats that have been sealed.Last week, the HC ordered the Saki Naka police to seize and seal four flats in the Chandivali slum rehabilitation project. The HC had said no allottee of a rehabilitation flat under the SRA scheme can transfer the flat for a period of 10 years as per rules. The court ruled that gift deeds'' and power of attorney'' used to transfer the flats were of no consequence''.Some builders are constructing a slum rehabilitation project in Chandivali.The SRA scheme had come under the scanner when a PIL revealed that of the 3,198 flats, 329 had been given out on rent, 48 were being used for commercial purposes and 34 had been sold. A second survey showed that of the 121 flats inspected, only 31 were occupied by the original allottees.In 2010 the HC had suggested that considering the enormity of cases of violation of the SRA scheme, the state should set up a authority to monitor such projects.\"As a large number of SRA projects have been built in Mumbai, it would be advisable for (the state and BMC) take some measures which may include perhaps amendment of the relevant act to provide for the authority which can oversee cases of possession and or subject letting in such projects,'' the court had then observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449695", "title": "Property prices above 2008 high in Mumbai, unsold flats rise too", "text": "The real estate sector is probably set to repeat its 2008 story of high prices and few buyers. Property experts believe the market is overheating again, breaching the peak levels of 2008, as developers show no sign of lowering prices despite poor sales. A recent Crisil report says sales of new homes declined 40% between March 2011 to Febuary 2012.An analysis by property research agency Liases Foras shows average property prices are 15% higher in Mumbai and 30% higher in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) over their previous peak in June 2008. While the average price in Mumbai rose from Rs 14,553 per sq ft (psf) in June 2008 to Rs 16,686 psf in December 2011, in the MMR it jumped from Rs 8,124 psf to Rs 10,559 psf.The rise resulted in a further increase in unsold stock. Since November 2008, unsold stock in Mumbai has gone up from 24.66 million sq ft to 50 million sq ft in December 2011, while that in MMR increased from 79 million sq ft to 110 million sq ft. \"Going by the quantum , it will take roughly 44 to 58 months to clear the unsold stock in MMR. One is witnessing a scenario similar to 2008, when developers refused to heed the global economic recession and high interest rates to reduce prices. Now, while developers again do not want to acknowledge they are financially overstretched, affordability is a major concern due to high interest rates. In the second half of 2008, property prices dropped by almost 40% in the MMR. What is stopping developers from reducing prices to boost sales,'' Pankaj Kapoor, CEO of Liases Foras said. Between August 2008 to June 2009, property prices dropped by 34% in MMR and by 26% in Greater Mumbai .According to Gulam Zia, national director (research and advisory services) at global property consultancy Knight Frank, the improved sentiments since 2009 did not translate into sales as buyers lost confidence in the developers' ability to complete the project. \"Delay in approvals is a factor, but high prices are making buyers lose interest,'' Zia said.A report on the property market by Kotak Institutional Equity analysts said that the RBI data pointed to several negatives - further deterioration in absorption, weak launches, build-up of inventory and further moderation in housing loan uptake. \"If weakness in sales continues, deleveraging will remain a distant goal for real estate companies,'' it said.However, a leading developer and member of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry said, \"We have not been able to launch new projects or complete existing ones due to delay in approvals. A sharp rise in construction and funding costs, besides amendments to the DCR, will increase costs for builders and prevent a reduction in prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448495", "title": "Enrica Lexie release depends on forensic report", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has sought time till Friday morning to inform the Kerala high court about its stand on allowing Italian tanker Enrica Lexie to leave Kochi.Advocate general K P Dandapani told the court that forensic report is expected by Friday morning and a decision regarding release of the ship can be taken only after its perusal.Results from ballistic tests conducted on the weapons allegedly used to gun down two Indian fishermen have become crucial.The results would reveal whether evidence has been tampered with and whether other crew members, especially the captain, had any role in manipulating the evidence.AG made the submission while hearing a plea by Dolphin Tankers, owners of the ship, praying for an early release of Enrica Lexie.While hearing the petition, Justice P S Gopinathan pointed out that 24 crew are also being detained along with the tanker.He observed that even the state government had submitted that the crew hasn't committed any offence. Meanwhile, the clearance given to Enrica by the mercantile marine department of ministry of shipping was challenged by VM Syam Kumar, the counsel appearing for dependents of deceased fisherman Ajeesh Pinku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452518", "title": "John Abraham in Kala Ghoda", "text": "There's more action waiting in the wings for John Abraham . After Nishikant Kamath's Force, the actor will star in director Aditya Bhattacharya's flick Kala Ghoda which will take him several notches higher as an action hero.Kala Ghoda is about one night when everything goes wrong with Mumbai's underbelly, and the action in it promises to be real and not staged with real punches and even bullets.Aditya Bhattacharya, who is the grandson of legendary Bimal Roy and son of director Basu Bhattacharya, and whose eighties' film Raakh proved a game changer for Aamir Khan , told Mirror, \"Kala Ghoda is the story of two cops, one hard-nosed no-nonsense and volatile played by John and the other, a goofy ineffective bumbling cop, played by Kunaal Roy Kapoor of Delhi Belly fame, who come together under trying circumstances for one night of relentless action in Mumbai.\"The film will be shot in one schedule of 20-25 days in real time and on actual locations. It will go on floors end this year.Meanwhile, producer John, who has conceived Kala Ghoda as a low-budget, gritty, independent film meant for a specific target audience, has been secretly preparing for his brawny role, alongside his role in Sanjay Gupta's Shootout at Wadala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448833", "title": "Madhya Pradesh: Witnesses to abduction by minister's kin found dead", "text": "BHOPAL: Two local Congress leaders were killed in Madhya Pradesh's Narsinghpur district late Tuesday night.\"They were witnesses in two abduction cases in which Monu Patel, nephew of a former Union minister, is allegedly involved,\" said Lakhanlal Ahirwar, DIG of police.On March 11, Manoj Chouksey (33) and Balram Rajput (46) had spoken out against illegal sand mining in the district at a public hearing organized by the police. They had sought police protection. \"But, they did not give us any formal complaint,\" said Ahirwar.Both were found dead with injury marks on their bodies. \"It's too premature to say anything about the circumstances that led to their death,\" Ahirwar said. Five doctors conducted the autopsy. Probe has already begun, he said. Reports suggested they were shot at and then crushed by a truck. Ahirwar said the exact cause would be known only after the autopsy report was submitted.The Congress leaders were on a motorcycle which was found smashed after being run over by a heavy vehicle. Police officers did not comment on whether cartridges were found. The Congress raised the issue in the state assembly. Leader of the opposition Ajay Singh said the murder could have links with illegal sand mining in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448328", "title": "Cong to stonewall new tax proposals", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress corporators held a meeting on Wednesday, a day ahead of the BMC budget to discuss a strategy to resist any attempt to burden residents with new or further hike taxes. The meeting took place at the residence of the BMC council chairman Kailash Mishra.Congress corporator Mahira Salamuddin said, \"In keeping with the directives from the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC), hike in property tax or water cess would be opposed. All taxes were raised last year. This year, any such move would be strongly opposed.\"She added, \"It was also discussed that 50% of the property tax should be given to the respective ward from where it is being collected for developmental works in ward.\"Talking to TOI, Mayor Krishna Gaur indicated that no additional burden would be imposed on citizens of Bhopal. Two proposals were placed before the corporators and there was a unanimous agreement.One was related to drainage adjacent to the upcoming AIIMS complex and the other was leasing out BMC-owned 11 shops. The issues are likely to be debated in the general council, which will present the budget on Thursday.Mahira also said the budget would not be allowed to pass on Thursday. The Congress corporators would demand a day's time to deliberate on the proposed budget after which the detailed discussion would be held on March 31.All 42 corporators of the Congress were present at the meeting at Mishra's residence. Three members from PCC, including Sunil Sood, Satyadev Katare and Rajeev Singh, entrusted with the looking after of the budget, were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447430", "title": "Twin towers to grace Rajarhat skyline", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajarhat New Town will soon boast of have its own iconic 20-storeyed twin towers. The decision was made in a Housing Infrastructure and Development Corporation (Hidco) board meeting on Wednesday. HIDCO will soon float global tenders to set up the two 20-storeyed iconic twin towers in the upcoming international financial hub that will cost Rs 180 crore. This was decided in the Hidco board meeting on Wednesday.The international hub - the foundation stone for which was laid by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on March 10 - will be a part of the country's Look East policy and is projected to be the second such facility in the country after Bandra Kurla in Mumbai.Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen said that the twin towers will have state-of-the-art infrastructure necessary for the financial hub and will be located at prime positions within it. \"We have decided to build the 20-storied twin towers for companies that want to set up offices in the financial hub. Hidco will soon float global bidsfor construction of the towers. The Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (ILFS) has been selected as the consultant to prepare bid documents,\" Sen said. It will cost Rs 180 crore to build these twin towers.Also, the Synthesis building was renamed as Finance Centre on Wednesday's meeting. The Hidco board decided that floor space in it will be made available to financial institutions. Expressions of interest for the purpose will be invited soon.On March 10 this year, chief minister Mamata Banerjee laid the foundation stone for the international financial hub.Apart from being The hub will be a cluster to not only for banks and but also for other financial institutions like insurance firms, mutual funds and offshore banking firms, the hub - when fully operational - would generate employment for around two lakh professionalswhen fully set up.Hidco has already floated expressions of interest to invite big financial houses with an annual turnover in excess of Rs 500 crore to set up offices in the hub. The last date of application is April 24.Plots have already been allotted to two major public sector banks - Allahabad Bank and State Bank of India . The Calcutta Stock Exchange has also received a plot to set up a facility at the hub. The hub will be a part of the country's Look East policy and is projected to be the second such facility in the country after Bandra Kurla in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12447659", "title": "Farmer tries to take Vana office property in possession", "text": "WARDHA: A farmer and his lawyer tried to take possession of a computer and other official property of Lower Vana Project on Tuesday claiming that the office was not disbursing compensation amount in spite of a court order.About 0.11 hectare land of Gautam Kamble, a resident of Rimdoh village near Hinganghat, was acquired for the Vana canal work in 2002. He was paid Rs 41,314 as compensation. Since his land was adjacent to Hinganghat, he said that he should have been paid on metre basis and not on the acre basis.As his demand was not met with, he moved the district court. Senior civil judge SM Yallatti in an order issued on March 17, 2011 asked the department to release Rs 6,68,778 to Kamble. The department had then moved the HC which rejected its petition.Lawyer A Kotmbkar said that the court had ordered to pay Rs 250 per square metre for the land acquired as it was situated in the city area. Directives were given to Lower Vana Project to pay Rs 6,68,778. As the farmer and his lawyer reached the office of the project and tried to take possession of the property, executive engineer DG Barapatre promised that the department would pay the balance amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447772", "title": "Cops rescue girl 'sold by parents'", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Police's detective department rescued a 17-year-old girl from Sonagachhi on Wednesday.The girl, who had allegedly been forced by her parents to join the flesh trade, somehow managed to contact an NGO working in the area. The NGO officials informed police who arrested the girl's parents and are looking for two other women.Police said the girl hails from Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh and was brought up by her grandparents. A Class VII dropout, the girl did not suspect anything amiss when her parents, Nabab Singh and Bina Singh, brought her to Kolkata, promising to send her to school. Police said that's how she landed up in the city around six months ago.But she was in for a rude shock when her parents allegedly sold her to a pimp at Sonagachhi. She was confined in a house owned by two women, Geeta Devi and Rajeswari Devi. She was allegedly tortured when she did not agree to join the flesh trade. Police believe some members of her family are involved in the trade.A week ago, the girl somehow managed to collect the phone number of an NGO dealing with such distressed girls. \"She got the number from one of her clients,\" said an investigator. The NGO soon found her out and informed police. Officers of Immoral Trafficking section of Kolkata Police raided the house on Tuesday night and the girl was rescued.After recording her statement, police rounded up her parents. But shortly before the raid, the two women who bought the girl and confined her in the house managed to escape. \"The girl is still traumatized. She will be sent to a government home,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12448870", "title": "Three die in road accident", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three persons were killed and one seriously injured in a road accident near Rahimapur under Jhunsi police station on Wednesday afternoon when a speeding truck hit a motorcycle killing all the three occupants and injuring a passerby.According to reports, the deceased, whose identity was not known till the time of filing the report, were on a motorcycle.As they reached Rahimapur crossing, a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction hit them resulting in the death of all the three occupants on the spot and serious injuries to a passer-by, said station officer Jhunsi police station.He added that the injured person has been rushed to a private hospital in the city where his condition was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12454778", "title": "Rajoana's scheduled hanging sparked protests overseas also", "text": "JALANDHAR: As the protests against Balwant Singh Rajoana's scheduled hanging, which was stayed on Wednesday late evening by the Union government, spanned across several countries in the world leaders and members of Canadian parliament crossing the party lines joined Sikhs in demanding India to abolish the death penalty.A big rally was also held in Sikh in Canberra in Australia in which Sikhs from far away places like Sydney , Melbourne , Adelaide, Cairns and Brisbane also participated to protest against the death penalty for Rajoana.As thousands of Sikhs from across Canada gathered at Parliament Hill Ottawa under the banner of \"Kesri Nishan Rally\" a dozen Canadian MPs and leaders joined them to urge Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper to leverage Canada's position in the world and especially our relationship with India to speak to his Indian counterpart over the issue.A memorandum was handed over to MP's of Conservative, Liberal and NDP parties asking Government of Canada to intervene on behalf of Canadian Sikhs and impress upon India to follow the UN Resolution 62-149 of 2008 and abolish the death penalty.Those who attended the rally included Liberal leader Bob Rae, Jim Karygiannis, Dr. Kirsty Duncan, Justin Pierre James Trudeau and Irwin Cotler of Liberal Party; Parm Gill from Conservative Party and from NDP Jasbir Singh Sandhu, Jinny Sims, Rathika Sitsabaiesan, Don Davies and Wayne Marston, the Human Rights Critics of the party.The MPs and other leaders including those from the Sikh community that Indian government should not only commute death sentence of Rajoana but should abolish the death penalty. The issue of inaction against perpetrators of anti Sikh riots of November 1984 in Delhi also resonated in the rally as Sikhs for Justice legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun said that those killers were moving with impunity.The \"Kesari Nishan rally\" was organized by Ontario Gurudwara and Sikh Council (OGSC) and Ontario Gurudwara Committee (OGC) and Sikhs for Justice with support of dozens of organizations.\"For a country that branded itself on Gandhi, non violence and cow protection, death penalty appeared an aberration,\" said Balwinder Singh Chahal, Chairman of Australian Sikh Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448153", "title": "Cong MLAs suspended for rest of session", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Opposition was on Wednesday suspended for rest of the session, till March 30, after they displayed banners and oil tins demanding a discussion and also demanding that the government control the groundnut oil prices.While Congress MLA Siddharth Parmar raised the issue of sky-rocketing prices of groundnut oil in the state. Other party members raised slogans accusing chief minister Narendra Modi of land grabbing and siding with the groundnut oil traders.Groundnut oil prices in the state have risen by around 24% in the wholesale market while retail prices have gone up by around 18%. The government had admitted in the assembly that prices have increased in both retail and open market. It had also said that it did not have any control on prices and that they were entirely market-driven.At about 1 pm, as the house began functioning, after adjournment over the CAG reports, Congress MLAs carrying 5 litre oil tins and placards raised the issue. The House was adjourned again for half an hour.Parmar said that prices of the 15 kg tin had touched Rs 2,070 and this has doubled in the past six months. Government has failed to control the issue. While the house met for the third time, Congress members raised the oil price issue again.This time, BJP MLAs too got on their feet and started shouting slogans against Congress. Amid the uproar minister of state for parliamentary affairs Pradipsinh Jadeja, moved a motion to suspend all Congress MLAs till March 30. Jadeja's motion was passed by a majority vote.The speaker then immediately suspended the house for 15 minutes even as Congress MLAs rushed to well of the house.Reacting to the suspension, Shaktisinh Gohil, leader of the Opposition said, Congress MLAs were suspended because they were demanding tabling of the CAG report which has highlighted chief minister Narendra Modi's government huge corruption. The governor Dr Kamla has also sought an explanation from government for delaying the tabling of the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448593", "title": "Grandson completes Nanak Singh\u2019s life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His grandfather -- legendry Punjabi novelist Nanak Singh - had won many a heart in early 1900s through his writings. Now, Navdeep Suri, joint secretary with the ministry of external affairs, has brought alive a classic written by him, \"Adh Khidiya Phool\", by translating it into English. On Wednesday, he read out extracts from \"A life incomplete\" during its launch in Sector 7.About the challenges he faced while working on it, he said, \"It was difficult to translate certain idioms deep rooted in Punjabi culture. Besides, he wrote 90 years ago... while maintaining his work's soul, I have tried to make it interesting for the contemporary readers.\" Suri wants the work to reach out to international audience who cannot understand Punjabi.Nanak Singh, claim experts, was undisputedly the best-selling Punjabi author in India during the pre-Independence years. But his writings inspired by the Jallianwala Bagh massacre were banned.\"My mother had motivated me to translate Bauji's work. The book in a way challenges superstitions and blind faith in godmen. He and his vision were much ahead of times. Bauji saw himself as more than a writer and his work and characters have a social message,\" he said.Publishers of Punjabi novels, who were present on the occasion, said Nanak Singh was much loved then and orders were placed for his works in advance. \"Once the date of his book's release was announced, orders rained in... it was the same craze as Harry Potter series today have.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12447937", "title": "Flouting rules led to e-way accident: Cops", "text": "times news networkNOIDA: The city's traffic police have blamed the increasing number of accidents to not just severe understaffing, but also the lack of awareness among commuters. Police say the accident that took place on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway on Wednesday in which two speeding vehicles collided leaving eight people severely injured points towards this fact.Traffic police sources say the most persistent problem in the city is motorists talking on the phone while driving, followed closely by not wearing seatbelts or helmets, in case of two-wheelers. \"There is a general lack of awareness among people regarding traffic laws and their importance. Driving without taking adequate safety measures are a major cause for accidents in the city,\" said a senior traffic official.According to sources, the city's traffic police are extremely understaffed with less than 200 officers manning a massive area of 1,442 sq km. In comparison, Delhi has over 5,500 officers for a slightly larger area of 1,483 sq km. \"Staffing is a problem. Drivers know that police officers will be posted in key locations like important intersections and red light junctions, and they discreetly slip on their seatbelts or get off their mobile phone before crossing such areas,\" said a cop.In order to deal with the problem, the city's traffic police have teamed up with the NGO Noida Traffic Initiative to spread awareness about the issue and also target specific areas where the problem is most serious. \"Without awareness it is not possible to address the problem. People need to realize that when it comes to driving safely, there are no small offenses. We have been specifically targeting schools and different workplaces in association with the traffic police to increase awareness,\" said NGO member, Amit Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448799", "title": "Trains continue to skip, people irked", "text": "COIMBATORE: The inordinate delay by the Railway Board in notifying the rerouting of 13 trains that skip Coimbatore Junction via Irugur-Podanur route is a matter of concern among train commuters here. The Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee is planning a series of agitations which will be announced soon, once committee chairman P R Natarajan, MP returns after the parliament session.Among the 13 trains, only Bilaspur-Thirunelveli Weekly Express was rerouted just ahead of the union railway budget which contained no assurance of rerouting the other trains. The Kannur-Yeshwantpur Express was provided with a temporary stop at Podanur in February. But from July 1, the train won't stop at Podanur.\"We are apprehensive about the move. The advance reservation for July has already begun and the renewed time table will come into effect soon. Then it would be difficult for the railways to divert the trains by June,'' points out GK Nagaraj, coordinator of the struggle committee.Then Union Minister Dinesh Trivedi assured the committee of immediate action. \"If it is not issued now, the chances of rerouting are minimal,'' says Nagaraj.Meanwhile, the relaunched Coimbatore-Rameswaram weekly special train has received good response. Linking the city with Pudukottai, Sivaganga and Ramanathapuram, the train was first introduced last year as a summer special. Railways withdrew it despite strong public demand to regularize it. The train is back as a summer special and tickets for its journey on April 7 and 14 have been sold out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12449335", "title": "M S University senate takes up Padra land issue with collector", "text": "VADODARA: The controversy over the land donated to the M S University (MSU) at Padra refuses to die down. A section of senate members of the MSU met the district collector asking him to inquire in the matter and ensure that the university got its land and have raised suspicions regarding the land records too.The controversy regarding the land at Padra was raked up after it came to light that a residential society had come up on the plot. But the Padra mamlatdar told the MSU officials when they went there that the land earmarked for it was open.On Wednesday, MSU senate members from the donors constituency Cassim Unia and Nilesh Shukla met district collector Vinod Rao along with Kamlesh Shah, who brought the issue to light after obtaining documents under the RTI Act, and other youths from Padra. Shah has come up with fresh documents that indicate that some changes were made in survey numbers of land records involving the land plot donated university through an entry in 2003.\"The changes took place when land records had not been computerized and entries were made in writing. But irrespective of this, the fresh form 7 and 12 entries still show MSU as the recipient of the land,\" Shah said.Bipinchandra Patel, who had donated the land to MSU, said that he had at no stage claimed his land back. However, he rued the fact that the university did not bother to take possession of the land. \"I met officials at the Padra college of the university on several occasions and asked them to do the needful,\" he said.The district collector in 1987 had also passed an order regarding the donation by Patel and had marked a copy of the order to the MSU. Patel's claim and the copy of the order marked to the university also put the university in dock as it has been claiming that it did not know about the donation.Shukla said that this reflected the callous attitude of the MSU towards its donors. \"They never get their due,\" he said. Unia said that only the collector's intervention could solve the issue and the collector had taken the issue seriously.Rao said that he had asked a sub-divisional magistrate to inquire into the matter. \"There are contradictory claims regarding the land in question. I will get a report within four to five days,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449585", "title": "Tobacco behind 20% of all cancer deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: Tobacco- and infection-related cancers were the main killers in India, showed the Million Death Study that was released on Wednesday. Cigarettes and chewing tobacco are relatively cheap and easily available in India, allowing oral cancer to become one of the most common killers here. In fact, tobacco-related deaths account for over 20% of all cancer deaths in the country.Poor genital hygiene among women, especially in rural India, is the leading cause of cervical cancer among Indian women. \"Infections caused by viruses-be it human papillomavirus (which causes cervical cancer) or hepatitis virus (causing liver cancer)-are the other main reasons for cancers,\" said Dr Rajesh Dikshit from Tata Memorial Hospital's epidemiology department and the lead author of MDS. He said early detection should be the key here.MDS shows that tobacco is responsible for almost 42% of overall cancer deaths among men and 18% deaths among women. The picture holds true for a rich state such as Maharashtra as well. Of the 18,000 male cancer deaths recorded in Maharashtra in 2100, almost half-or 9,500-were due to tobacco, showed the MDS.The authors of MDS, which is a population-based study drawn from India's Sample Registration System, on Wednesday said that India needed tighter tobacco control. \"The number of oral cancers was more than twice the number of lung cancers in individuals aged 30-69 years, indicating that the range of fatal cancers cause by tobacco in Indian differs substantially from that in high-income countries ,\" said one of the authors.Dr D Sinha, who is the WHO representative in India, said, \"The new data shows clearly that tighter tobacco control policies are needed.\" Some anti-tobacco activists called for ban on smokeless tobacco and gutka.Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, a member of the Smoke Free Mumbai initiative, said: \"Since 80% of tobacco consumption is in form of gutka, the government should ban it under the Food Safety Standards Act.\"Activists felt that taxes on tobacco should be raised. \"The government should up taxes on all tobacco products to 75%. At present, Maharashtra allows tax of up to 20% of the price on cigarettes and gutka and up to 12.5% on beedis,\" said Dr Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448522", "title": "\u2018Initiative will bring transparency\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"The initiative is in its final stage and will be ready for public's use very soon,\"CHB secretary M M Sabharwal said.Another senior CHB officer, who is associated with the project, said a detailed presentation on the developed software will be shown at a meeting of the authority to be held in April first week to rule out any confusion in the system.Chairman of Chandigarh Social Welfare Council S S Bhardwaj said, \"It is a good initiative, as many residents who stay in CHB built houses are unaware about their dues. Some are asked to pay their dues even after having deposited it. This initiative will bring transparency in the affairs of CHB.\"The owners of CHB houses have to pay monthly installments of lease of their accommodation, status of house and other formalities, for which, they have to rush to various wings of the authority all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448173", "title": "GUVNL offers amnesty to 3.56L defaultersdef", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is good news for the 3.56 lakh power consumers who have been blacklisted by Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (GUVNL). The state energy department on Wednesday announced an amnesty scheme for defaulters blacklisted by the GUVNL.Minister of state for energy Saurabh Patel said that about 3.56 lakh customers who were involved in power theft or have defaulted in paying power bills will get the benefit of the amnesty scheme. He said that many consumers were not given power connections as they had failed to pay their power bills, following which their electricity connection was permanently cut off.He said a large number of employees were also engaged in handling these cases which were to the tune of Rs 965 crore. Patel said that the scheme will be applicable for the dues till March 31, 2011. \"In those cases, where the court has given its verdict, the amnesty scheme will not be applicable. Only those cases which are pending in the court or at the admission stage will get the benefit of the amnesty scheme,\" Patel said, adding that once the case was settled, the person would be eligible for new power connections.Giving out details of the scheme, Patel said that those families which are living below the poverty line and have defaulted or those residential and farmer consumers who have an outstanding bill of Rs 5,000 with their electricity connections cut off, the entire due along with the interest and penalty will be waived off.For the industries which have outstanding bill of Rs one crore or less will get waiver only in interest and penalty. There will be no relaxation in the bill amount. Reacting to the statement that the amnesty scheme will give major relief to the farmers in the state, the Gujarat Pradesh Congress committee president Arjun Modhwadia said that it was the BJP government who had sent the farmers to Jail after filing wrong cases against them for power thefts. The statement led to a major hue and cry. Senior leaders like Vajubhai Vala, dilip Sanghani among others were also among those who were on their feets protesting against the statement of Modhwadia.Saurabh Patel then said that it was the Congress which was deep in corruption, the recent CAG report has exposed that the centre government has indulged in corruption in coal deal to the tune of over Rs one lakh crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452790", "title": "Malaika Arora to do item song in 'Gabbar Singh'?", "text": "Power Star Pawan Kalyan's masala entertainer 'Gabbar Singh' is currently in the final stages of shooting and the movie is going to hit the screens in May.We reported a few days ago that Bollywood siren Malaika Arora has been roped in for the item song in the film. The actress, who was paid a fancy amount for this appearance, will be seen in a hugely entertaining item song in the film.Sources close to the project say that the item song has come out really well and that is the reason why director Harish Shankar and Producer Ganesh Babu wanted to bring in Malaika to do justice to the song.This song is expected to create a sensation with the front benchers.Shruti Haasan is the female lead in this film and Devi Sri has scored the music.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12447653", "title": "'Naxals sabotaging govt welfare schemes'", "text": "BHANDARA: The state government is committed to economic and social development and creating social and physical infrastructure in the society.The government is making all out effort to give employment to every citizen, food to every one and education to every child through various schemes, said superintendent of police Arati Singh while addressing a meeting at Chandori, a village affected by the Naxalite movement.District police had organized mass awakening programme at Chandori on March 26. Commandant of SRPF Surajitsingh Gill was the chief guest.District collector Pradeep Kalbhor, SP Arati Singh, additional SP Vasant Jadhao, assistant SP Abhinav Deshmukh were also present on the occasion.Singh further said that though government is doing every thing possible for the welfare of common people, but since last 25 years, Naxalites have been misleading the society and sabotaging government welfare schemes meant for the welfare of backward people. \"These antinational elements are involved in extremist activities such as murder, extortion and loot. These elements create hurdles in the development process of the district which affect the lives of the people living in rural segments of the district. They try to lead the society towards anarchy and deprive common people from earning their bread and butter, which results in poverty and lawlessness in the society,\" she said.The SP added that this attempt of the Naxalites shall be thwarted and they shall be driven out from the society. \"People should have faith that the government is working for development and is with them,\" she said.In the mass awakening programme, stalls of government departments highlighting development schemes were put up. ASSAR foundation group performed a cultural programme, small kids from the village staged drama while cricket and kabbadi matches were also held. District police and SRPF jointly sponsored bicycles, sewing machines, volley ball kit and handed them over to beneficiaries from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12448478", "title": "Scriptwriter T Damodaran is dead", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Noted scriptwriter T Damodaran, who gave Malayalam film industry some of its biggest hits, died following a massive heart attack here on Wednesday.Damodaran was a true multi-faceted talent, juggling the roles of actor, scriptwriter, football referee and commentator with ease. Family members said Damodaran, 77, was getting ready to attend a marriage function when he felt a sudden pain in the chest and collapsed. His body will be kept for public homage at Kozhikode Town Hall from 8.30am to 10.30am on Thursday, and will be cremated at Mavoor Road crematorium around 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454286", "title": "'Heroine' not based on Manisha's life: Bhandarkar", "text": "Filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar has quashed reports that his dream project, 'Heroine' is inspired by Bollywood actress Manisha Koirala's life.The film revolves around the life of a once successful film actress Mahi Khanna, played by Kareena Kapoor , whose career is on a decline. Grapevine suggested that the film is inspired by former actress and Nepali beauty Manisha Koirala's life.It was also reported that the life of Mahi is more or less similar to the lives of Hollywood actress Marilyn Monroe and Madhubala. But the director has rubbished all such rumours.\"'Heroine' is not based on the life Manisha Koirala ..it is absolutely wrong. Lot of things had been written about the film before. But all I would say is that I have created a character called Mahi who is today's girl. The film is all about how she witnesses the ups and downs in her life,\" Bhandarkar told reporters. \"It will be a different sort of a film for Kareena. It is different kind of cinema..she has never done this kind of a film before,\" he said.Ask Bhandarkar who is his favourite heroine, he says, there are lot many...but I must say I like Nutanji, Madhubalaji, Nargisji and Tabu the most.On the status of the film, Bhandarkar said, \"We have finished 40 percent of the film. And from April 10, we begin shooting again?we have a nonstop schedule. By May we should finish the film and by September the film will be released.\"Earlier, 'Heroine' courted controversy when after the grand photocall at the 64th Cannes Film Festival, Bhandarkar's film had to be stalled due to lead actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's pregnancy. But later the project was back on track when Kareena replaced her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447249", "title": "East India Company mints mohur, cash again", "text": "KOLKATA: Over 300 years after the East India Company (EIC) was given the right to mint its own currency by King Charles II in 1677, the company announced the issue of legal tender coins and a return to bullion trade.The limited edition gold proof coins are struck by the Royal Mint that first minted coins for EIC. The coin designs are inspired by Cash and Mohur, the main trading currencies the company used in the 17th-19th century. The coins are on sale on EIC's website as well as its store on Conduit Street, London.The silver Cash proof coins feature a peacock design symbolizing immortality and rebirth and are available in a 1/2oz and 1oz coin equivalent to a 10 pence and 20 pence respectively. The gold Mohur proof coins bear the famous lion and palm tree motif denoting wealth and prosperity and are available in 1/2 and 1 Mohur coin equivalent to 50 pence and \u00a31.After King Charles II had granted EIC the right to mint coins in the territories it adopted, the latter set up 14 mints across India from 1716 to 1835. These included the mints at Bombay, Calcutta and Madras. After the 'Coinage Act' in 1835 ruled for a universal currency in all colonies, the Mohur coin was struck bearing King William VI effigy and the lion and palm tree motif.Commenting on the launch of legal tender coins, company chairman and managing director Sanjiv Mehta said: \"EIC is proud to present its first silver and gold coins. The Company has been known in the precious metal trade since 1800. It was and still is the only corporate in history to mint its own trading currency. It made sense to commission our own silver and gold coins in this day and age. The precious metal trade formed an important part of EIC's trading activities and we plan to re-establish this position.\"EIC was acquired from 33 different shareholders by Mehta, an Indian entrepreneur, in 2005. Over the next five years, over \u00a320 million was pumped into the company to rebuild and position EIC as a luxury brand. The East India Company was relaunched on August 15, 2010 with its first flagship 'Fine Food' store in Conduit Street, London. On December 24 the same year, the Mahindra Group acquired a minority stake in the Company.\"EIC was the world's first truly global brand spanning continents and centuries, and had a profound impact on the development of international trade. This immense vision and scope finds a parallel with Mahindra's own global aspirations to think beyond its size,\" Mahindra group vice-chairman and managing director Anand Mahindra said at the time.With the emotional connect between its brand and the countries it once served, EIC has acquired an inspiring following since its re-launch in 2010. EIC is now a multi-channel business dealing with precious metals, fine food, bespoke furniture, real estate , publishing, fashion, art and jewelry.Sanjiv Mehta described EIC as a merchant business with a pioneering spirit, constantly seeking the critical ingredients required for success. \"EIC holds limitless opportunities across many products, sectors and countries. We are determined to capitalize on the strong legacy and enviable heritage of our brand,\" he said.The origins of the term Cash came directly from EIC heritage. Cash coins were minted on behalf of the Company by the Madras Mint as early as 1660-1661. As the currency developed, the word 'cash' was used in a general sense to denote practically any copper coin, which was current in a particular locality.Originally struck in 1835, the Mohur is one of the most iconic coins minted by the Company. Meaning symbol or seal , the Mohur first appeared in 1540. Originating from the Mughal Empire in India, it was the highest unit of currency in a system that also featured a silver coin called the Rupiya that later became Rupee, the national currency of India.Key Historical Dates1600Queen Elizabeth I , grants a charter to 'The Company of Merchants of London Trading into the East Indies', bestowing her royal patronage and empowering them to trade exclusively in spices, tea, coffee and other luxury goods from the East. She also grants The Company right to bear a Coat of Arms.1669King Charles grants control of Bombay to the Company. Later, the Company gains the right to mint currency, have its own army, and hold judicial and administrative power over all parts of India under its control.1757The East India Company is a powerful multinational corporation with its own army, navy, and treasury. It virtually controls international commerce of China, India, Japan, Far East, West Indies and American East Coast. Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, St. Lucia and many other cities and townships are formed by the Company.1842The Company is at the pinnacle of success employing one third of the work force of England, and controlling half of the British Empire's trade. Hong Kong and Singapore are founded by the Company.1858The Government of India Act transfers the Company's powers to the Crown.1874Parliament passes The East India Company Stock Dividend Redemption Act dissolving the Company and Queen Victoria becomes Empress of India.2005Sanjiv Mehta becomes the sole owner of the East India Company.2010The East India Company brand is re-launched and the company is re-born. Mahindra takes minority stake in East India Company.2012The East India Company releases its first legal tender coins since 1874.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448300", "title": "Govt on the mat over mosquito, amenities", "text": "PATNA: Cutting across the party lines, members of the state legislative council on Wednesday flayed the government over poor civic amenities in the capital. Raising the issue during question hour, members accused the government of not taking seriously the mosquito menace, waterlogging, drainage pipe leakage and heaps of garbage several localities of the city.The government admitted that the city had only one fogging machine and that was not enough. Replying to a question of Ram Chandra Prasad (RJD), urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar said the government was considering buying another fogging machine. Citing the example of ward No. 3 and 4, Prasad said fogging machine never reached the localities resulting in the rise in number of mosquitoes, insects and cases of related diseases. The minister also admitted to reports of pipe leakage in several localities.Replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD), the minister assured the member that all leaking pipes would be repaired within a month.Congress MLA Kumari Jyoti said similar was the situation in localities like D sector of Mitra Mandal, Magadh Vikas and Kisan colonies in ward number 11. The Patna Municipal Corporation never carried out any cleanliness drive there, she alleged.Kameshwar Chaupal (BJP) said there were heaps of garbage on the connecting road of Beur-Anisabad and Chitkohra-Shivpuri, causing health hazard for residents living in these localities. Despite repeated complaints, the PMC authorities did nothing to remove the garbage, Chaupal said.Questions related to waterlogging and overflowing of open drainage near Patna-Danapur Nagar Parishad office were also raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12447936", "title": "BJP-MGP plans to take over PMC fail", "text": "PONDA: Rukmi Dangui, who was instrumental in voting out former chairperson of the Ponda municipal council (PMC) Kishore K Naik, following a no-trust motion passed on March 20, has surprisingly been elected to the post of PMC chief on Wednesday with help from Kishore and his panel.This last moment switch-over has ruined plans of the BJP-MGP to seize control of the civic body. After the recent election of the new Ponda MLA, seven councillors of 13-member civic body had attempted to seize power by pulling down the Congress' supported Kishore.During elections for the PMC chairperson, Kishore K Naik proposed Dangui for the post while councillors Sanjay Naik and Pradeep Naik seconded it. Kishore, vice-chairperson Dinkar Mundaye, councillors Damodar Naik, Sanjay M Naik, Diksha Naik and Pradip Naik voted for Dangui.Dangui managed to defeat the BJP-MGP combine candidate Venkatesh Naik by 7-6 votes. Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes was the presiding officer along with the chief officer Jayant Tari. Venkatesh Naik's name was proposed by Vincent Paul Fernandes and Shivanand Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12448832", "title": "Foresters zero in on four youths for fires", "text": "MYSORE: A rap from chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda spurred the forest department into action and it finally picked up three suspects for the forest fire in the Nagarahole tiger reserve. While it released them after questioning, officials are looking for four suspects and have video evidence of their involvement. The men are from Metikuppe hamlet located in the national park.It's the first time officials questioned anyone about the wildfire since it devastated the tiger reserve in February end. Over one month, 2,100 hectares have been damaged.Officials have sent a report about the damage to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest A K Verma, sources stated.After the CM cracked the whip late Tuesday evening, officials picked up three tribal youths and moved them to the anti-poaching camp on the backwaters of Kabini. Tribals protested in front of the Metikuppe range forest office and at Heggadadevanakote claiming the officials were targeting innocents. In the wee hours, all three were released. \"We had information the youths had caused the fire reported from Metikuppe range. We questioned and released them,\" field director (Project Tiger) BJ Hosmath told TOI. \"We don't have any evidence.\"A tribal activist, who has worked in the area, said the three youths released were not involved in the incident. Otherwise, tribals would not have protested instantly, he said. With pre-monsoon showers forecast this month-end, officials are now focusing on nabbing the miscreants given that rain will stop the fire from spreading. What has angered them is that fires from Sunday, some in the core zones like Aanesatte Gaddhe and Musabu Haadi at Metikuppe range, have damaged about 900 hectares. Hosmath said they have evidence of involvement of four other youths. \"We'll nab them,\" he said.Sources said PCCF (wildlife) BK Singh, who did a probe early this month, was upset with officials for not being able to stop the fires and castigated them and ordered them to get tough. But an official blamed human settlements inside the park for the slow progress of the investigation. \"It's very difficult to zero in on suspects since tribals keep moving in the park,\" he said.Meanwhile, BRT sanctuary officials too have not made any arrests for Sunday's wildfire in two of its ranges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448244", "title": "Fresh blow to new property tax system", "text": "MUMBAI: For the third time since last year, standing committee members of the BMC have stalled the proposal to implement the new capital value property tax system. The civic administration, however, has proposed rebates in the property bill. The members also refused to pass the proposed hike in water taxes. The committee members have asked the civic administration to make a presentation, explaining both the proposals. The presentation is likely to be made in the next meeting, later this week.Corporators demanded that the civic administration increase the percentage of rebate for citizens who pay their property tax on time. The administration has proposed a 2% rebate of bill for those who pay half-yearly tax by May 31 . It proposes a 4% rebate for those who pay the full year's amount by July 31, which is the deadline, and 3% rebate for those who pay it by June 30. Congress corporator Praveen Chheda said the rebate amount was very small and will fail to act as an incentive. Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman ,told TOI, \"A decision on both proposals will be taken after the administration makes a presentation. This would help members understand the proposal better. Amendments have to be made in the proposed water taxes.\"The BMC plans to shift the property tax calculation structure from the rateable value system to a capital value system.In the budget speech recently, municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar had said the civic administration would \"adopt property taxes based on capital value system\" but is awaiting the standing committee's nod. The BMC has missed the deadline for implementation of the capital value-based property tax regime. The state cabinet has granted a year's extension for implementation of the new system. The proposed hike in water charges from 14% to 57% was put on hold by standing committee members. \"We are opposed to the hike in water charges arbitrarily. The poor are being taxed more,\" said standing committee member Raees Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452985", "title": "Getting serious in the dating game", "text": "You're tired of casual dating and want to switch to a more serious lane. Here's how to shift gearsSo you have been adding more partners to that tally board you've maintained in your diary. Olympic record close at hand. But suddenly you are hit with the realization that you want something more from your relationships. Casual dating can be a fun experience, but if you indulge in it for too long a time, it can turn into a pattern. And emotional patterns are very hard to break. If you are sick of dinners leading to drinks, and then a little sweating between the sheets, heed the advice of our experts.Identity cardCasual dating within its limits is fun, but a lot of people tend to hide their demons behind it. Life Coach Malti Bhojwani says, \"Many people who date casually are not happy with themselves. They think they are not good enough for a serious relationship, hence they will not commit to anyone.\"Such people even when they want to make a conscious switch to dating seriously are unable to do so. To rectify this problem clinical psychologist Salma Prabhu has a solution. She says, \"Such a conflicted person must spot what he or she is looking for in a relationship. It could be anything from emotional to sexual to having fun to just wanting someone to talk to.\"This \"identification analysis\" is the key to realizing what is wrong in the first place. Your dates and the decisions that you take during them are indicative to an emotional need.Once these are identified, you can work on changing things around. Only after you have identified what your pattern is and have decided to work on it, can you be open to dating again.CommunicateNow, this might seem really obvious but it is not. For people who have been dating casually for too long, having a serious conversation about what they are looking for in a relationship can be the most difficult part. This is a combination of both verbal and non-verbal communication. Prabhu says, \"Everything from your body language to the way you treat your date signifies how serious you are looking to get. So for example, if you meet your date and tell him/her that she is looking hot and not beautiful or charming, your message is clear.\"A person who wants to be in a relationship will make the effort. So messaging and calling, and taking the effort to woo a person, is all part of it. Bhojwani says, \"If you have an air about you that you are too cool for relationships or that you will do anything to not appear vulnerable, it is one of the biggest signs that you are looking for something casual. If your inner feelings of wanting something serious and your portrayal of not caring how a date is going to go are incongruous, then there is something wrong here.\"Defences upBecause casual dating is all about finding the shortest way to a short-lived happiness, venturing into the real dating world can be full of hurt and rejection. You need to prepare yourself for this mentally. You need to try and judge a person faster as well. Salma Prabhu says, \"You can't keep going out for dates and then realize that the person is just like the others you were going out with casually. I would recommend not more than two dates with a person, to judge how they are.\" This may seem like a short period of time, but you can't go around feeling demotivated and frustrated when things don't work out.Draw a thick lineBhojwani feels that while most people can turn down a booty call, serial casual daters find it a very difficult. \"You have to stop taking every opportunity that comes your way. You need to sit back, and choose,\" says Malti. Sleeping on a first date is a strict no-no. \"Instant gratification is something that serial casual daters get so used to that they have to relearn the art of saying no. Let your partner shower you with attention, let them woo you. You aren't playing hard to get, you are just taking things slow so that you know where this is leading. If your date is not interested, he/she will leave. At least you know you aren't part of that cycle any more.\"Kevin.Lobo@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12447548", "title": "Lifer for two accused in Baradgaon murder case", "text": "YAVATMAL: Additional district and sessions judge PS Tarare has on Tuesday sentenced two accused to life imprisonment for murdering one Digambar Neel of village Baradgaon under Ralegaon police station limit.The prosecution argued that on September 19, 2010, the deceased Digambar Deobaji Neel (60), a resident of village Baradgaon of Ralegaon tehsil, had picked up an altercation with the accused Subhash Pajhare (43) and Vilas Pajhare (40) of the same village. The latter two had abused the son of the deceased by calling him a thief. The quarrel had gone out of control and the Pajhare brothers hit the old man with a wooden log and thrashed the son of the deceased.The father-son duo was then rushed to the Government Hospital with serious injuries. However, the old man breathed his last during treatment while his son Mahesh recovered. A complaint was lodged by Prakash Neel, nephew of the deceased, at Ralegaon police station and a criminal offence was registered against the Pajhare brothers under sections 302, 325, 504, 506 and 34 of IPC and the cops arrested them.Police subinspector RR Mishra conducted the investigation and filed the charge sheet in court with a list of nine witnesses. The court recorded statements of all nine witnesses and held the duo guilty of committing murder and sentenced them to undergo life imprisonment and pay a fine of Rs 5,000 each. The court has also ordered them to pay an additional fine of Rs 2,000 each under section 325 of IPC.APP NG Nathwani represented the state while advocate MB Deshmukh appeared for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447683", "title": "Goplani obliges NMC, removes tiny part of encroachment", "text": "NAGPUR: To paraphrase English novelist George Orwell , all encroachers are equal but some encroachers are more equal than others. While the civic body deals with all encroachments in the city with an iron fist, RM Goplani, an influential contractor with the NMC, has enjoyed virtual immunity from any action for an encroachment over a land worth crores of rupees for almost 10 years.After TOI ran a series of reports about Goplani's encroachment - which is nothing but a private parking for his trucks, a store room for equipment and a cluster of hutments for his labourers - at Bhagwagar Layout, he finally removed a part of the encroachment that had occupied an internal road on Wednesday. The rest of the encroachment, about which everyone from district collector Saurabh Rao to mayor Anil Sole know, remains defiantly in place.Orwell, it seems, was spot-on.Goplani's encroachment starts from the compound wall of Children's Traffic Park. It stretches along the side street around 65 metres. The contractor had even enclosed two streetlight poles, a portion of the road, and MSEDCL's overhead electric line. It was this small portion that he vacated on Wednesday. The rest of the encroachment is on nazul land which belongs to the district administration.Unsurprisingly, Goplani's audaciously piecemeal approach has satisfied NMC officials. \"He has removed the encroachment from the road and streetlights which are under our jurisdiction,\" an official said, adding that the ball was in district administration's court now. In reality, NMC has powers to demolish any encroachment and seize the material thereon on any land within city. In practice, NMC does this routinely.With Goplani, however, the civic body is making a dishonourable exception. This, despite the fact that authorities have known about the encroachment for years.The encroachment first came to light when Atul Patne was additional municipal commissioner five or six years ago. He had asked officials to write to district administration about it. However, little action was taken. Citizens of the area met the then corporator Baba Maind many times to apprise him of the nuisance the encroachment was causing. Mayor Sole, under whose ward the encroachment falls, too was informed about it during the election.Linemen and junior engineers of the MSEDCL worked on the encroached overhead electric lines regularly for six to seven years. NMC electric department knew about the fact that two streetlight poles were inside the encroached land. In fact, personnel from the department politely marked the identification number of these two street lights on the tin compound of the encroachment instead of on the poles.The road at the spot has been asphalted recently by NMC which might have been done so in the past as well. The encroachment starts along the Children's Traffic Park compound wall, which is under the NMC garden department. NMC's sanitary workers sweep the area every day and are monitored by sanitary inspectors.And yet, the encroachment stayed put.After TOI ran the first report on March 10, Mayor Sole had said: \"I will not tolerate any illegal activities. Citizens are encountering many problems. I will initiate action at any cost.\" Some days later, NMC engineers of Dharampeth Zone submitted a report on the encroachment to assistant commissioner of Dharampeth zone Mahesh Moroney. Officials from district administration conducted their own survey. Goplani was then issued a notice to remove the encroachment, a privilege, sources say, not always given to 'less influential' encroachers.On Wednesday, collector Saurabh Rao had yet another explanation: \"Since the officials were busy due to the financial year ending, action could not be taken. However, I assure that the encroachment would be removed in the first week of April.\"Meanwhile, Goplani-and his unlawful structures- continues to lead a charmed life. When contacted, his son Jeetu refused to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454667", "title": "Samantha reveals her secret trick", "text": "Samantha is one of those actresses who is instinctive and spontaneous. She gets into the skin of the character and can switch on &amp; off an emotion just like that, which is a god gifted quality.She had played the most complex character of Jesse in her debut film 'Ye Maya Chesave' itself and is doing another such role in Gautham Menon's next 'Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu'.When asked about the same, Samantha says,\"In my opinion, Acting is an easy thing to do. The trick is that the audience shouldn't feel that we are acting, instead they should experience the emotion of our characters. There lies the trick! If one can do so, then he/she could make it big in this Industry.\"The year 2012 will be very special in the career of Samantha. About 7 of her films will be releasing in this year and all of them are prestigious projects (Mahesh Babu's Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, Ram Charan's Yevadu, Rajamouli's Eega, Gautham Menon's Tri-lingual film (Telugu, Tamil, Hindi) - Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu, Naga Chaitanya's Autonagar Surya). Great going Sam!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447770", "title": "Tainted babus can be tried even after retirement: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday said action against a corrupt government employee can be taken even after his retirement.Disciplinary proceedings instituted against central government officials can be continued even after their retirement and \"if found guilty of grave misconduct, cut in pension can also be imposed under relevant Pension Rules\", minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy told Lok Sabha .In written reply to a question, the minister said the rules applied to the employees of the public sector banks and undertakings as well.The Department of Public Enterprises has also issued guidelines requesting all administrative ministries and departments to advise Public Sector undertakings under their control to incorporate suitable provisions in their respective Conduct Discipline and Appeal Rules, the minister said.The provisions includes to provide for continuation of disciplinary proceedings after retirement and withholding of payment of gratuity, for ordering the recovery from gratuity, whole or part, if any pecuniary loss caused to the company, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448354", "title": "Kher's numbers mesmerize city audience", "text": "BHOPAL: Noted singer Kailash Kher, blended sufi hymns, Rajasthani rhythms, Punjabi dance fused with electric guitar and modern beats that left the city audience mesmerized on Wednesday.The performance by Kher, who performed along with his band Kailasa at an event organised by AISECT University in Bhopal at the Ravindra Bhawan, explained why he has become one of the most sought after singers in the country.Kher's raw, earthy tones alongside musician brothers Naresh and Paresh Kamath started off with 'Teri Deewani'.'One after another he belted out some of his hit numbers like 'Jana jogi de naal', 'Jhoomo Re' among others.After the success of his earlier albums (Kailasa, Jhoomo re, Chaandan mein) and film music (Chaandni chowk to china, Pranaali, Dasvidaaniya, Allah ke bande), Kailash kher with his band is touring with the launch of his new album 'Kailasa Rangeele' with twelve passionate songs.Enhancing Kher's folk sensibilities were the Kamath siblings', whose use of modern rock and electronic influences helps them, rise above the stereotype conventional Indi-pop sounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449911", "title": "Tantrik held for duping man of Rs 2 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: A tantrik and his two accomplices were arrested for duping a city-based property dealer of his gold jewellery worth over Rs 2 lakh. The threewere produced on Wednesday at a city court which sent the tantrik to four days' police custody and the accomplices to 14 days' judicial custody.Baba Khan Bengali's name had recently been doing the rounds on local TV channels and posters. The man claimed to have a solution for all kinds of problems under the sun. According to the police, several complaints had been received against Bengali in the past and that he used to shift his office frequently.Bengali, at present, was operating out of Deepak Complex in Sukhrali village.After seeing one such advertisement on a TV channel, Surender Yadav, a property dealer and resident of Urban Estate in Sector 4, had approached Bengali regarding his son. According to the police, Bengali told Yadav that the jewellery kept in his house had something to do with his son's problem and asked to bring them. On Tuesday, the property dealer reached Bengali's place and handed him jewellery including four gold rings, a necklace and a gold chain.After performing some tantrik ritual, Bengali told Yadav that all his jewellery got burnt to ashes due to some defect in them and that his son's problem will soon be solved.Sensing foul play, Yadav lodged a complaint against Bengali with the police and alleged that he had been duped. On the basis of Yadav's complaint, a crime branch team conducted a raid on Bengali's office late on Tuesday and arrested the tantrik and his two accomplices, Mohmmad Shaukeen and Javed. The tantrik has been identified as Siraz, who belongs to Pilukhwa in Uttar Pradesh.A senior police officer, who was part of the Crime Branch team, said over 2,000 photographs of young men and women were also recovered from the tantrik's place.\"We have interrogated the accused who had been duping people. We believe such incidents will discourage people from visiting such tantriks,\" said Maheswar Dayal, DCP (Crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454190", "title": "Samantha goes for a mass role in ANS", "text": "Autonagar Surya is the upcoming flick starring 'Yuva Samrat' Naga Chaitanya and the gorgeously beautiful Samantha.This movie is being directed by Deva Katta and the film is expected to be a mass entertainer.Samantha will be seen in a very new way in this movie and she is playing a full length mass role with shades of comedy.K.Atchi Reddy is producing this movie and shooting is currently on.The film will release in the second half of this year.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "12447572", "title": "Jawans' blood will not go in vain: Patil", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: Terming the Pustola blast as unfortunate, home minister RR Patil vowed to provide latest bomb detection tools to Gadchiroli police to thwart such attacks in future. Patil toured Gadchiroli on Wednesday and met the injured jawans in the civil hospital. He took stock of the situation following the blast that killed 12 CRPF jawans .\"CRPF has worked hard with theGadchiroli police in last two-and-half years and successfully controlled Naxal menace here. This is an unfortunate incident and what went wrong needs to be probed,\" he said.Patil said that poverty and backwardness of the area had helped Naxals spread terror. \"While silencing the Maoists with guns, government will also bring in development to the district, educate people and eradicate Naxal movement,\" Patil said while adding that the sacrifice made by the jawans would not go in vain.Earlier during the day, Patil visited Wockhardt Hospital in Nagpur where seriously injured jawans are being treated.Patil hinted at tougher laws to rein in Naxalism.\"We would fight Naxals at every level, by propaganda or by force. Recently, we managed to nab one of their leaders,\" Patil told reporters.\"Situations require security personnel to make hasty moves, take unplanned decisions. During such times mistakes occur,\" the minister observed. Patil held a meeting with senior CRPF officers and Gadchiroli police and addressed CRPF jawans. He said officers had provided details of Pustola blast to the union home ministry.On Tuesday evening, CRPF jawans paid homage to the martyrs at Gadchiroli police ground. CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar , Maharashtra state DGP K Subramannyam, district collector Abhishek Krishna, CRPF IG Valsakumar, additional DG (Naxal cell) VD Mishra, deputy inspector general of police Sunil Ramanand, commandant of CRPF 113 battalion Subhash Sharma and commandant of CRPF 192 battalion Ashok Sanyal were present on the occasion.Patil also said that one who knows about the ground reality would be aware of the fact that how much a jawan in his field duty takes pain and tolerate it to perform his duty bravely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12455139", "title": "IEEMA's two day meet to be held in Mumbai", "text": "PUNE: Indian Electrical and Electronics Manufacturers' Association (IEEMA), which represents Indian manufacturers of electrical, industrial electronics and allied equipment has invited users and manufacturers of rotating machines, as well as members of research, testing and academic institutions and professionals from the industry for the 8th edition of ELROMA 2012. The two day meet will begin on 19 April in Mumbai, India. The Conference theme this year is \"Energy saving &amp; Green Manufacturing.\"The keynote speakers for the conference are; Pentii Norovuori, Senior Vice President &amp; Global Head Sales(Motors &amp; Generators) at ABB Ltd., Prague and Anil Kumar Raina, President, Industrial Systems Group , with Crompton Greaves Ltd.Commenting on ELROMA 2012, Mr. R. Krishnakumar, Chairman, R M Division and Organising committee for ELROMA 2012, said: \"The rotating machines sector during this current fiscal had its ups and downs. While during the first quarter of the current year, renewed momentum in industrial sectors and power generation sector has seen pick-up in demand for both LT and HT motors by more than 10%; resulting in overall growth of 9.3% for Rotating Machines sector; the sectors' growth declined in the 3rd quarter. ELROMA 2012 is being held at a crucial juncture, when the new emerging global standards of Energy efficiency will shape a new future. The twin themes, of Energy saving and Green manufacturing will bring focus 'sustainability' for both users and manufacturers of Rotating Machines. ELROMA 2012 will also provide a networking platform to deliberate on the latest technological developments in material and manufacturing technology\".IEEMA President Ramesh Chandak said, \"Electrical rotating machines consume more than 60% of the energy used across Industries. There is a vast potential here to save energy, by designing, manufacturing, and promoting the sale of more and more energy efficient products, for new as well as existing installations. In addition to Energy saving, ELROMA 2012 will focus on green and sustainable manufacturing practices, to preserve India's valuable environment, and also to adapt usage of new and alternate raw materials, both for conservation of energy as well as technology improvement\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12449523", "title": "Om Prakash Chautala gives dissenting note, wants fresh panel for state information commissioner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Om Prakash Chautala, leader of the Opposition in the Haryana assembly on Wednesday demanded that a fresh panel of names be prepared for the appointment of state information commissioner (SIC). Talking to TOI, Chautala said that he has given his dissenting note at the meeting of the selection committee called to recommend a name for the appointment of SIC on Tuesday.The appointment is made by the governor on the recommendations of the committee which comprises Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda as its chairperson, besides, leader of the opposition in Vidhan Sabha, Om Prakash Chautala and education minister Geeta Bhukkal as members.\"They gave me only one name that of Urvashi Gulati (outgoing state chief secretary Urvashi Gulati) for selection as SIC,\" Chautala claimed. \"When they had already decided on a name, what was the need of calling a meeting?\" Chautala questioned.\"They wanted to impose their decision on me. Yeh sochate hain ke main unke chayan par dastkhat kar doonga.(They think I will sign on their selection),\" Chautala said.Alleging that no panel of names was sent to him in advance, Chautala said, \"I have made it clear that the selection process be initiated afresh by formally sending a panel of names for the post.\" He added, \"In such cases, detailed notes should be sent to the members of the selection committee highlighting the background of the candidates and the work they have done. It should be sent at least 10 days in advance so that the members can think over the merits or flaws of the candidates to avoid selection of a wrong person.\" But in this case, no such process was adopted, he alleged. \"And that is wrong,\" said the opposition leader.Chautala also reminded how the Supreme Court in March 2011, had rejected the appointment of P J Thomas as central vigilance commissioner (CVC). Thomas was reportedly appointed as CVC by a panel comprising the prime minister and the Union Home minister overruling the dissent of opposition leader, Sushma Swaraj.Chautala further alleged that the Haryana government did not invite him to participate in meetings that are called during the selection process. The former chief minister further said, \"Even now, they (the Hooda government) has just done a formality of calling me as a member of the panel.\"Urvashi Gulati's husband, Naresh Gulati, a former IAS officer, is the chief information commissioner of Haryana state information commission. He had resigned last year from the civil service to be sworn in as state chief information commissioner. Urvashi's elder sister and former state chief secretary, Meenaxi Anand Chaudhry has also been state information commissioner.Chaudhary likely to be next Haryana CSThe 1977-batch Haryana cadre IAS officer, Pradeep Kumar Chaudhary is likely to take over as the next chief secretary after the present incumbent, Urvashi Gulati retires on March 31. The state government has reportedly written to the Union ministry of personnel seeking repatriation of Chaudhary, brother-in-law of Haryana cabinet minister Randeep Singh Surjewala. Chaudhary is at present posted as secretary, department of industrial policy and promotion in the Union ministry of commerce and industries and has 15 months to retire from service. Chaudhary's appointment as the next chief secretary will mean that he supercedes two of his batchmates - Raj Kumar and Krishna Mohan - who happen to be senior to him in the 1977 batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447333", "title": "Bengal jewellers resume indefinite strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Jewellers across the state have resumed their indefinite strike to protest the increase in excise duty and doubling of customs duty on the precious metal in the Union Budget.Though, the all-India strike was on, jewellers in the state lifted the strike for four days, hoping that the state government's request to the Centre would yield results.\"We have appealed to the state commerce minister Partha Chatterjee to talk to the Centre regarding our problem. The state had promised to speak to the Centre and they did so. But when this issue was debated on the floor of Parliament, we heard that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had said he would rethink on the issue. That did not sound very positive and we decided to go on an indefinite strike again,\" Bablu De, president of Swarna Shilpa Bachao Committee said.Around 30,000 jewellery stores across Bengal, including 3000 in the city, are keeping their shutters down, including 3,000 in the city. Across the country, around 100 associations are participating in the strike.Pankaj Parekh, eastern region chairman of Gems &amp; Jewellery Export Promotional Council, said the finance minister's proposal of 'rethinking' and finding an 'alternative' sounded vague. \"We want straight solution. We don't want any alternative,\" he said.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, during his budget speech, proposed to increase basic customs duty on standard gold bars, gold coins of purity exceeding 99.5% and platinum from 2% to 4% and on non-standard gold from 5% to 10%. He had also announced the rise in basic duty on gold ore, concentrate and dore bars from 1% to 2%. On the excise front, duty on refined gold was increased from 1.5% to 3%.Jewellers fear after all these taxes are imposed, gold prices - which are already very high now - will shoot up by another Rs 1,500-1,600 per 10 grams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448217", "title": "Sense and sustainability: Ceptians' aim", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) campus was designed in the 1960s, architect B V Doshi's design spoke 'modernity' - the mantra of the time. Today, when the buzz word in architecture is sustainability, as a continuing dialogue, 20 postgraduate students are building on Cept campus, their own 'sustainable' classroom.\"This is probably the first time a building not designed by Doshi is being built on campus. However, he is very excited about the project,\" said Ninad Jog, one of the students.Nowadays, after class hours, these kids would be found on the site - mixing mortar and experimenting with brick bonds. \"We have finished laying the foundation and will finish the building in a couple of months,\" said Jog.However, 'finishing' the project is not the main objective of the students. Begun as a studio project for the Masters programme in sustainable architecture at Cept, this 6 metre x 12 metre building has been entirely developed by students. Faculty members chose to occupy the role of facilitators and input givers, letting students take the forefront.\"The idea of the course has been to create practising architects, with sustainability as the approach. Hence, instead of a regular classroom study, this exercise is helping the students learn a project through its process,\" said Miki Desai, the programme head. \"The real aim is to have an atmosphere where experiments in sustainable building technology can take place, like a laboratory.\"And this laboratory does not just look at sustainability as a technology, but as an ideology as well.\"We are looking at sustainability not only in terms of material but also design-wise. So, the footprint is a G+1,\" said Aditi Agarwal, another student, adding, \"The lower floor will be made of brick, since it is economical and continues the language of the main campus. However the walls of the upper floor will be experimental and temporal. This time, we plan to make it with bamboo.\" The future batches will continue with various materials; continuing to get hands-on training.\"Getting exposed to materials and construction techniques also influences design. We have come to believe in labour-intensive jobs, which includes the aspect of sustainability as it creates employment,\" said Agarwal. \"The total estimate is a mere Rs 8 lakh and we are looking at sponsorship and product donation from various agencies or individual donors.\"As architects of this live project, everyday has been a new learning for these students. \"Seeing through the project hasn't been easy, as everyday new problems have to be tackled with. During site inspection, we discovered that the site is in the flooding zone. Also while soil testing, it was known that a heavy foundation will be needed owing to the sandy soil,\" adds Agarwal. This foundation has been made using recycled material - the brick bat has been made from construction refuse.Other than internal team work, the project is involving other departments on campus who are offering the students their expert advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447539", "title": "PCS officer restarts fast against social welfare department graft", "text": "LUCKNOW: As PCS officer Rinku Singh Rahi restarted his protest in hometown Aligarh, the UP government on Wednesday formed a two-member committee to probe the allegations levelled by him about corruption in social welfare department schemes.Social welfare minister Awadesh Prasad said: \"We have constituted a two-member committee under the chairmanship of Meerut commissioner. It will probe the matter and submit the report within two months.\"Rahi, who had been forcefully stopped from continuing with his fast in Lucknow on Monday, restarted his fast. Even after being admitted to hospital, he continued his agitation. His condition was said to be deteriorating. \"He was taken to hospital late Tuesday night as doctors found him weak. He was feverish and had low blood pressure,\" said Archana, Rahi's sister.His family members met the ADM (city) on Wednesday morning who sought a month's time to provide answers to the questions asked by Rahi through RTI.\"One month is a very long time. It's a scam worth crores of rupees. The government should act immediately,\" said his family members. After the ADM's assurance, Rahi took water but refused to end the fast.Rahi along with his family members started their fast unto death in Lucknow on Monday morning. But they were forcibly evicted by police around Monday midnight after doctors reportedly found that his health was deteriorating. He was then taken to the Balrampur Hospital and thereafter to the psychiatry department of the medical university, where doctors declared him mentally stable. Rahi alleged that after the doctors declared him as stable, the police forced them to leave Lucknow.Rahi has been raising the issue of corruption in the government social welfare schemes ever since he was posted as the district social welfare officer in Muzzafarnagar in 2009.Rahi said soon after he exposed a scam worth Rs 40 crore, he was attacked by a mafia on March 26, 2009.He lost vision in one of his eyes. A probe into his allegation proved that his claims that the spending of allocated funds was not accounted for by social welfare department for more than five years.This led to the arrest of nine people, including SP leader Mukesh Chowdhary and a department assistant accountant Ashok Kashyap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12449459", "title": "Spicy curry key to healthy heart", "text": "LONDON: Think of a healthy meal - and a spicy curry might be the last thing that springs to your mind. But, a new study has now claimed that the hot dish could be the key to a healthy heart.Researchers have found that a compound in hot peppers , used to spice up curry, lowers the total cholesterol levels and benefit blood vessels - in fact, the secret lies in the \"hot\" part of the chilli, the capsaicin, which they say helps ward off heart disease.The spicy ingredient is something of a health wonder. It has been found to help shrink prostate and pancreatic tumours, works well as a painkiller and helps treat asthma, colds and flu. It has been used for weight loss. And, now the researchers at Chinese University of Hong Kong say they have found that capsaicin and a close chemical relative aid heart health in two ways, the 'Daily Express' newspaper reported.First, they lower cholesterol by reducing its build-up in the body and increasing its breakdown and excretion. Secondly, they also block action of a gene that makes arteries contract and restrict blood flow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12454853", "title": "My father was offered bribe for defence deals: HD Kumaraswamy", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another shocking revelation in the ongoing defence procurement controversy, HD Kumaraswamy , son of former prime minister HD Deve Gowda on Thursday said that his father was offered a bribe for defence deals, according to Times Now.\"When father was prime minister, middlemen approached me with a bribe offer. Middlemen tried to approach my father through me for defence deals.\"In an interview to a national daily 'The Hindu', army chief General VK Singh claimed that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by an equipment lobbyist for clearing the purchase of 600 substandard vehicles.Meanwhile, defence minister AK Antony has ordered a CBI probe on Army chief's allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447286", "title": "Weaving woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Weaving fascinating designs out of bamboo strips, several poor families living in pockets of the Old City for decades have been unable to string together a stable life for themselves. Stuck in dingy lanes either in slums or often in tiny houses made with bamboo on footpaths, these artisans say that their accommodation is just the beginning of their woes.A walk through Chaderghat to Putlibowli, areas around the Exhibition Grounds in Nampally or in the lanes of Goshamahal, brings one face to face with the reality these craftsmen face in the city today.Mostly belonging to indigenous tribes from the state like the Yerukala, Bansod, Buriid and Medari, these people have traditionally practiced weaving of bamboo baskets as a profession over generations. While most of them hail from different parts of Telangana several others have migrated from Karnataka, Maharashtra or even Uttar Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.Irrespective of where they come from, the threat of police razing their houses and temporary shops on footpaths remains a common fear. Although they pay the \"landowners\" (local leaders who claim ownership of the footpath spaces and encroached land) anything between Rs 800-1000 for the little space they occupy, the police refuse to take that argument. The only acceptable thing for them is money, they allege. \"They confiscate our baskets and keep them at the police station. We need to fill in a chalan of Rs 100 and collect our property from them,\" says Yadamma, 25, who stays in Kali Khabar slum and operates from the footpath in front of Victoria playground. However, she adds, if the police take away 10 baskets, even after they pay, they are returned at most eight, sometimes even less.K Raju Kommulu, 30, also staying in Kali Khabar had moved to Hyderabad from Mahbubnagar six years ago with his wife. His children study in his village. So does he not want his future generation to learn the craft? \"It's a hard life for us. It's better that they study and become officers. Here we hardly get two meals a day but still it is better than the village. After deducting the cost of the bamboo and its transportation, we make a profit of Rs 15-20 a day,\" says Raju. He adds that during festivals like Ganesh Chaturthi, Navratri and Diwali, the sales pick up.Devi is a grassroots worker from the Old City who was in charge of relocating some of the bamboo workers from Chaderghat to interior areas of Falaknuma four years ago when their huts were razed down. She says, \"Neither any NGO nor any art enthusiast has taken up their cause in a constructive manner. They are happy making baskets for vegetable sellers or an occasional ornamental basket during marriage season. They don't even have any trade union support.\" Devi says that caste issues too keep them shackled as they feel that as people from Yerukala tribe, they do not have the right to cater to everyone.While North-Eastern states like Tripura and Manipur have done much to preserve and promote the bamboo industry, it has got no such support here. \"While craftsmen from other states have had the opportunity of striking gold at the craft fairs organized across the country, Hyderabad's bamboo 'butta' makers do not even have a roof over their heads. Does that have something to do with their social status in AP?\" Devi wonders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448122", "title": "Burglars flee with Rs 25 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Burglars struck at a bungalow in the Jain Merchant Society in Paldi area and decamped with cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh.The burglary is suspected to have happened between March 25 and March 28 when the owner of the house, Trupti Vyas, had gone to Mumbai to see her son, police said.Vyas is a widow and her husband had passed away 14-years ago. Their 20-year-old son Ronak is studying in Mumbai, while the daughter is pursuing a course in Canada.On March 25, she left for Mumbai after getting a call that Ronak had fallen ill. When she returned on Wednesday, she saw that the locks of the house were broken. On entering the house, she discovered that 76 tolas of gold ornaments and cash were stolen.Vyas then lodged a complaint with Ellisbridge police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452476", "title": "Raj Chakrabarty's ode to his favourite city", "text": "Home is where his heart is. No wonder then, through a song in each of his films, Raj Chakrabarty tries to capture the essence of his favourite city - Kolkata. \" Kanamachi\" too is no exception. The city, in all its glory, will feature in the picturization of \"Mann bawre\".Says the director, \"From Victoria Memorial and Maidan to New Market and Prinsep Ghat, I've tried to capture Kolkata through this duet by Shreya Ghoshal and Mohit Chauhan. This feelgood song comes in the second half of the film and we had a blast shooting it.\"But isn't it a difficult proposition, considering that the city is famous for being starstruck? \"It's difficult shooting on the Kolkata streets with a bunch of stars, but I am game to take the risk as Kolkata has to be there in my film.\"Baba Yadav, who choreographed this song sequence, too is happy with the end result. \"\"Kanamachi\" is a realistic film with Kolkata as the backdrop. While choreographing the song, I tried to keep that factor in mind. Recently, we shot two songs with Ankush and Srabanti and both of them were natural. One of the songs was a montage of interesting situations, shot across the length and breadth of the city. Working with Raj is always a pleasure as he has a sound mind and knows how to extract the best from his team,\" said Baba.Though high on entertainment , Raj is hell-bent on calling his film 'realistic' with a social message. \"We have questioned the system through this film. From taxi drivers in Kolkata trying to fool NRIs by charging extra moolah to the current education system, it brings many an important issue to the fore,\" said the director.For one, Srabanti too is happy to shoot a song sans those filmi steps. \"The song itself is so melodious that half our job was done when we got to the task of shooting it. And the steps were such that it didn't seem as if we were dancing in front of the camera. Both Rajda and Baba asked us to be ourselves in this song and we followed the brief. The song celebrates free spirits of three youngsters - Ankush, Sayoni and me - and how I wish I could lead life the same way,\" said Srabanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448750", "title": "CBI given a month in defence land lease case", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Wednesday gave the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune unit, till April 26 to explain the role of former vice-chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj (retd) in a case pertaining to his alleged involvement in leasing defence land.The CBI was granted time to respond to the anticipatory bail plea filed by Thamburaj because it has not yet received the original documents in the case from the army authorities.Apprehending arrest, Thamburaj had obtained ad interim anticipatory bail on March 20. The court had issued notice to the CBI directing it to file its written statement on the bail plea on Tuesday.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena and deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh appeared before the court when the bail plea came up for hearing on Wednesday.Thamburaj's bail was extended till April 26 after the CBI filed a report seeking a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449689", "title": "Big guns in fray for prime DLF land", "text": "MUMBAI: Months of tough negotiations between prospective buyers and the owner of the 17-acre Mumbai Textile Mill property at Lower Parel has made little headway so far.But despite the slowdown in the property market, builders find the DLF-owned property irresistible, and in the past few weeks, the race has heated up with several big names in the construction industry throwing their hats in the ring.The latest entrants are the Wadhwa Group and Punebased builder Avinash Bhosale. Industrialist Ajay Piramal's Piramal Realty, Runwal Group and Oberoi Realty are also believed to be some of the contenders along with two foreign funds. (Oberoi, however, claimed it is no longer negotiating for the plot).The Vijay Wadhwa-led Wadhwa Group, which has a large presence in the commercial business district of Bandra-Kurla Complex, entered the fray recently. It is believed to have put in a joint bid with Sheth Developers.Avinash Bhosale, who has built a real estate, hospitality and infrastructure empire, is believed to have tied up with developer Vallabh Sheth to bid for the Parel land. Piramal Realty, which has been aggressively picking up prime properties lately, has also offered a substantial amount, it is learnt.But despite being on the block since last year, the transaction is still far from being complete. Market sources said the price is still a contentious issue between DLF and the prospective buyers. One contender told TOI that DLF was expecting Rs 3,000 crore plus. But clients are not offering more than Rs 2,000 crore.\"The land can fetch a much higher price if DLF agrees to deferred payment spread over three to four years. However, it wants the money upfront since it has a huge debt of over Rs 20,000 crore,\" said a developer, who is in the fray.DLF initially expected its property to fetch over Rs 4,000 crore, but found few takers. Property market sources said the sale has been delayed after two policies were amended by civic chief Subodh Kumar and approved by the state government in the past few months.The new development control rules and the amended public parking policy have affected DLF's land valuation because the humungous construction benefits it had derived no longer exist.DLF's high valuation earlier was mainly because the state government had earlier cleared its proposal under the public parking policy. The developer was to receive additional FSI for building a multi-storeyed public car park and hand it over to the civic administration free of cost. But after the BMC reviewed the policy, the FSI benefit was severely restricted.DLF, the country's largest real estate company, paid Rs 702 crore for the defunct mill in 2005. It was then touted as the country's largest property transaction. The land, which is just five acres smaller than Oval Maidan, is located along the Tulsi Pipe Road near Phoenix Mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447145", "title": "On the fast lane: AS Rao Nagar turns a shopper\u2019s paradise", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several new showrooms of big clothing and accessories brands, latest electronic goods and outlets of popular fast food chains dot AS Rao Nagar, the humble suburb near ECIL, which has undergone a huge makeover in the last couple of years.Around 10 such branded lifestyle and electronics stores have come up in the area in the last two years. The rate at which these shops have mushroomed has seen the suburb becoming a one-stop shopping destination for those living in the vicinity.\"The area has got a very urban feel now as opposed to the quiet, residential place it used to be,\" said Beena Rao, a teacher and resident of AS Rao Nagar.Sights and sounds on the AS Rao Nagar main road, even on a hot summer afternoon, bear testimony to Rao's observation. There is the same hustle and bustle on the roadside and heavy traffic flow, much like what one would find in Somajiguda or Ameerpet. Youngsters moving in groups and families are seen thronging the showrooms which, without an exception, appear attractive and inviting.Apart from clothing, footwear and accessories brands, international food chains have also sprung up here. The popular Radhika theatre, too, is being revamped into a seven-storied multiplex which is set to open in a few months.Residents said that this development in the area came as a boon for them as they no longer need to go all the way to the city for shopping. \"Everything is now available here. And that attracts people from neighbouring areas like Neredmet, Alwal, Malkajgiri and Sainikpuri who prefer to come here to shop as it is closer,\" said a resident.Sandeep Suram, owner of Sony Centre and a resident of AS Rao Nagar for the last 30 years, said: \"A few years ago, it was difficult to get autos from the city to come here and even my friends would not want to come all the way. But now, everyone knows this place. I chose to open my showroom here itself because of the immense development in the area.\"With growth, land prices, too, have shot up over the past few years. If 400 square yards plot came for Rs 14 lakh some years back, today it is valued at around Rs 1 crore. Residents revealed that the price of one square yard of land on the main road had gone from around Rs 60,000 to Rs 1 lakh.It was also learnt that, in the past one year, around 10 new apartment complexes, too, have come up in the area. AS Rao Nagar is the next big destination with more and more people looking to move in, lured by facilities like good schools, colleges and now, big stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12449098", "title": "NGO cries foul over Dasara exhibition tender", "text": "MYSORE: NGO Jaagruthi has filed a complaint before the Lokayukta against Karnataka Exhibition Authority (KEA) chief executive officer and others for allegedly violating the tender conditions and the provisions of law, and causing a loss of over Rs 51 lakh during the 2011 Dasara exhibition.Addressing mediapersons here on Wednesday, S Arunkumar, advocate and convener of the organization, said KEA had ensured that Bangalore-based Fun World successively procured the tender for over seven years. \"For 2011, the KEA has considered the tender of Fun World, who had quoted Rs 51 lakh, (which is) less than the other tender participants,\" Arunkumar added.\"I, along with other tender participants for 2011 Dasara, brought to the notice of KEA before the commencement of tender process that Fun World had dues of service tax from the previous years event. As per the conditions stipulated in tender of KEA, 'any person who has financial due to KEA is not entitled to participate in tender'. In spite of our intimation, the KEA went ahead and approved Fun World's tender,\" Arunkumar said, adding that the complaint was filed against the CEO \"because he is the finalizing authority of tenders or projects\". Bidders who were unsuccessful in 2010 exhibition tender had approached the high court. But the court had held that \"though there is some technical mistakes, the writ petition cannot be considered as there are only a few days remaining for the world-famous Dasara festival to start\".KEA and other persons concerned, instead of understanding the order in the interest of the government and the general public, again started finalizing the tender process for Dasara exhibition just 10-15 days prior to the opening of the exhibition, he claimed.It's a baseless charge, says KEA chairmanReacting to the claims of the NGO, KEA chairman B P Manjunath said: \"I don't know why he (Arunkumar) is coming out with this type of irrelevant statement.The tender for last year's (2011) Dasara exhibition was given to Fun World for Rs 2.18 crore, and not for Rs 51 lakh. The tender was conducted by Texas Company which undertakes most of the state government tenders. Since they are done through e-procurement process, there is no scope for any irregularities...\" Dubbing the statement as \"baseless and senseless\", Manjunath said he would file a case against Arunkumar if he continued to give such statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12448563", "title": "Offerings go down the drain", "text": "PANCHKULA: The offerings made by the devotees were thrown off by the Mansa Devi shrine authorities at the backside of yagyashala, in a drain. Some of the stuff like bangles and dupattas offered by the faithful during the ongoing navratra fest at the Mansa Devi temple was even burnt.Usually such kinds of offerings are returned to the devotees then and there while some of them are kept in the store room. \"Such kinds of offerings are kept in the store room while some of them are returned to the devotees. I just saw and it amounts to hurting the feelings and sentiments of the devotees,\" said Pandit Ram Bhad Shastri.Similar sentiments were voiced by Pandit Balwan Bhardwaj. \"They can sell the offerings back to the shops rather than throwing and burning them like this. It amounts to insulting. If devotees come to know, they would lose faith in the temple authorities,\" said Bhardwaj.\"They are playing with the feelings of devotees. With such faith, we make offerings to the goddess, especially during navratras,\" said Guncha Kakkar, a devotee and a resident of sector-12, Panchkula.\"One feels hurt to know that our offerings are thrown like this, during the pious days of navratras,\" said Chaitanaya Verma, a resident of Mansa Devi complex, Sector-5, Panchkula.\"Is it only money in donations only would be kept safely by the shrine authorities. Apart from money, whatever we give doesn't matter to them. The authorities are insensitive as they don't know with how much belief one makes the offerings,\" said Ramesh Ojha, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452354", "title": "Remembering legendary Dadamoni", "text": "Actor, singer, producer - Ashok Kumar was all of this. But that says nothing about the evergreen personality who played a seminal role in shaping what is today known as Bollywood.The thespian, who was endearingly called Dadamoni, was remembered during his birth centenary celebration, aptly titled Ashok Kumar: His Light Years that was presented in collaboration with Nandan.Renowned actor Amol Palekar , who costarred with the legend in \"Chhotisi Baat\", was present at the inaugural dinner hosted by Sundeep Bhutoria on behalf of Prabha Khaitan Foundation on Tuesday. \"I have worked very closely with Ashok Kumar and it's a privilege to be here,\" said Amol.Dadamoni's family members, who came down from Mumbai for the occasion, included daughter Bharati Jaffrey and granddaughter Anooradha Patel.Also spotted were Basu Chatterjee, Roopa Ganguly, Arindam Sil, Kaushik Ganguly, Nilaanjjana, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, Gargi Roychowdhury, and Alyque Padamsee. A band entertained all by playing instrumental hits of Ashok Kumar.Six films featuring Dadamoni will be screened at Nandan, starting off with Bimal Roy's \"Parineeta\", an Ashok Kumar production.The other shortlisted titles are \"Anuraag\", \"Haatey Bajarey\", \"Ashirwaad\" and \"Mamta\" or \"Howrah Bridge\".Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12449886", "title": "Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey", "text": "BANGALORE: Glitzy tech capital Bangalore just earned a new sobriquet - the costliest Indian city. An analysis of the Reserve Bank of India's Consumer Price Index (CPI) shows that Bangalore is a couple of notches higher than the all-India cost-of-living average, with financial capital Mumbai just a shade behind.The CPI is a measure of a standard basket of items, including food, clothing and transport, across cities. In the price race, Delhi is comfortably placed very low in the table, deriving its cushion from the subsidies galore it receives from the Centre . Take, for instance, LPG cylinders, which is a must-have in middle-class families . According to Bharat Petroleum's latest figures, Bangalore currently pays Rs 415 for a 14.5-kg refill, Kolkata Rs 405, Mumbai Rs 402 (expected to go up after budget), Delhi Rs 399 and Chennai Rs 393.50. Bangalore's CPI peaks in the national chart at a whopping 200, followed closely by Mumbai at 199, Kolkata 184 and Delhi a distant 181. The national CPI average is 198. For homemakers like Koramangala resident Aditi Rao, life in Bangalore is becoming tougher with each passing day. \"Frequent hikes in the prices of basic items put our home budget out of sync every month,\" said Rao, 34.Budget analyst Ravi Duggal, who has lived in Mumbai and Delhi, observed that the high cost of living in Bangalore has come about as a result of the IT industry. He said there were different reasons for differential living costs among cities, including the aspiration of people. Talking of India's two leading cities, he said, \"Where education is concerned, for instance , Delhi has more public education facilities than Mumbai.\"What makes Mumbai equally expensive ? \"There are many factors, the chief being high rentals. Over 40% of the salary of an average Mumbaikar goes into paying rent,\" pointed out economist Vibhuti Patel of SNDT University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447635", "title": "Azam Khan accuses Arvind Kejriwal of intimidating Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for urban development Mohammed Azam Khan on Wednesday accused team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal of pressurising the Uttar Pradesh government to hand over some of the duties and authorities of the Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation (GMC) to Kaushambi Residents' Welfare Association (KRWA), of which Kejriwal happens to be an office bearer. The minister said the matter came to his notice on Tuesday after which he sought a detailed report on the issue from the GMC and has now directed the senior officials of his ministry to seek legal opinion on the nature and extent of action that can be initiated against KRWA and Kejriwal for his alleged intimidation.However, the documents related to the case present a picture which appears to be completely different from what has been perceived by the urban development department. The October 2009 letter of Arvind Kejriwal, that Azam Khan has referred to and the copy of which is available with the TOI, is addressed to Ajay Shanker Pandey, municipal commissioner of Ghaziabad.The letter, referring to media reports, talks about the decision of the executive council of GMC to not hand over some of the works being handled by the GMC to KRWA. The letter accuses the GMC of presenting the KRWA proposal before the executive committee in a manner that it could not be approved and that such a move of the corporation has left the residents of Kaushambi feel cheated.The communication also talks of a decision that KRWA had taken two years ago due to apathetic attitude of the authorities in dealing with the woes of the local residents. The decision was to not pay their house tax. It was two years after the residents took this step that a meeting was held at the residence of the municipal commissioner in which the residents handed over cheques for the tax outstanding on the residents. During the same meeting, that was held in March 2008, which was a public event and attended by scores of locals, the municipal commissioner had assured the people that an agreement would be reached within the next couple of weeks to hand over the management of some of the services of the GMC to KRWA.The two-paged neatly typed communication in Hindi also states that the then mayor of Ghaziabad had then announced at a public meeting and then again in an interview to an English news channel that some of the duties of MC will be shared by the KRWA and also mentioned that she had a word with senior leader Lal Krishna Advani who too suggested her to implement her decision as a test case. But nothing happened thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12448145", "title": "Old societies puzzled over parking pitch", "text": "Few can find flaw with home minister R R Patil's argument that garages must be used solely for parking rather than commercial activities or storage. However, the corollary that residents who park their cars on the road outside their compound will be penalized has caused heartburn in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, particularly within old societies that simply do not have parking space. The minister also plans to abolish parking beneath flyovers--spaces that serves the working population as well as shoppers. In fact it is car-owners who risk damage and theft by exposing their expensive vehicles to unwanted elements in this way.Residents of buildings along narrow lanes in Walkeshwar have a long-running battle with the BMC over parking. Matters reached a head in 2005 when the authorities demolished the compound wall of Dani Sadan building for a road-widening project that has not taken off to this day.\"Most buildings in the area are around 50 years old; so, we can barely manage space for one car per flat. (For example) Surya Darshan building simply has no compound. It is necessary to park on the road,\" says Dani Sadan resident Daisy Zatakia.Mumbai sorely lacks adequate pay-and-park facilities. Pradnya Morje is former secretary of the Kamana Cooperative Housing Society near Siddhivinayak temple. \"We are not allowed to park on the road for security reasons, but often owners of new cars who arrive to get their vehicles blessed at the temple park there. An old ambulance is permanently stationed along the footpath as well,\" she says.Morje does not deny that garages must be used exclusively for parking. But she says that residents of housing societies pay parking charges to the society, and property and road taxes, yet do not get a proper footpath to walk on due to encroachments. \"Only residents of housing societies should not be penalized while other car owners are allowed to go scot free. Public transport should be made so effective that we can dispense with private vehicles,\" she says.In Navi Mumbai, residents of Sector 17, Vashi, are the worst-affected as the old residential-cum-commercial complexes there face acute shortage of parking space. Shops attract several customers daily, leading to a sharp increase in vehicular traffic. Visitors to a local mall, too, park here to evade parking fee.The Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation has failed to provide public parking space in Vashi and is yet to issue permission for multilevel parking decks within housing societies. A proposal to create a parking bay over an open nullah along Palm Beach Road is pending for lack of funds. Work on building a smaller parking lot over a sewage channel in Sector 16 has begun, but it will be some time before motorists' woes are solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449460", "title": "Sasikalaa disowns relatives, set for patch-up with Jaya", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move to patch up with Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, her estranged friend Sasikalaa Natarajan on Wednesday disowned her relatives, saying they had conspired against the AIADMK supremo.In a startling statement, first flashed on Jaya TV, Sasikalaa said, \"I have snapped ties with everyone who betrayed the Tamil Nadu CM. I had no clue that these relatives hatched a conspiracy against her. I can never forgive my relatives who tried to conspire against her.\"The statement is a clear indication that Sasikalaa is keen on a rapprochement with the CM.Recently, she gave a clean chit to Jayalalithaa in a Bangalore court trying the disproportionate assets case against the Tamil Nadu CM, saying she had nothing to do with the day-to-day affairs of the firms, and that it was she (Sasikalaa) who managed their affairs. Jayalalithaa has not reacted to Sasikalaa's statement yet.While there was widespread speculation about a conspiracy by Sasikalaa's relatives to unseat Jayalalithaa that had led to her and her relatives' expulsion from the primary membership of the AIADMK in December last, the CM herself never spoke about it and neither did the AIADMK. Subsequently, a few of them, including Sasikalaa's husband Natarajan and her brother V K Divakaran, were arrested in a series of criminal cases.Sources close to Sasikalaa said a patch-up was likely soon. Her statement gave enough indication that she was likely to return to Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence minus her entourage.\"I have never dreamt of betraying the CM. I have broken ties with all those who betrayed her. Whoever betrayed the CM is unwanted to me. I was shocked to learn that they were scheming against her,\" she said. \"Those who claimed to be my relatives and betrayed the CM cannot be forgiven.\"In a two-page statement, Sasikalaa addressed Jayalalithaa as 'akka' (elder sister) several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454354", "title": "I can gel with anyone: Jayasurya", "text": "Jayasurya's a director's actor. Take a look at his filmography and one would find that if a director has worked with him for one film, he's certain to be featured in most of the filmmaker's subsequent projects too.Two of the best instances would be Saji Surendran and V K Prakash, with whom he's done four projects each and is gearing up for the fifth.On his long-time association with Saji, Jayasurya says, \"I have known him even before he made his debut with Ivar Vivahitaraayaal. And with every film our attachment has grown. We are of the same wavelength and as an actor I am comfortable working with him as he's always open to suggestions.\"The actor is currently shooting for Saji's Husbands in Goa, in which he'll be seen along with Indrajith, Asif Ali, Rima Kallingal, Remya Nambeesan and Bhama. His next flick will be Trivandrum Lodge, which will see him unite with Beautiful director Prakash again. On his camaraderie with the director, Jayasurya says, \"His sets are more creatively stimulating and our friendship is also different.\"Pointing out his ability to gel well with anyone he's worked with has been his blessing; the actor says, \"\"Working with friends makes my acting journey more fun and memorable.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449410", "title": "Unitech-linked companies\u2019 shares attached", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Income Tax department has attached the shares of two firms related to Unitech that hold stakes in mobile services operator Unitech Wireless for the real estate group's alleged failure to meet a tax demand. Unitech Wireless is a joint venture between the realtor and Norway's Telenor and operates under the Uninor brand. It is among the companies, whose licences have been cancelled by the Supreme Court in the 2G scam .In a statement, Unitech said it had challenged the attachment order as the demands were based on the presumptive gains on their shareholding in Unitech Wireless. \"At the outset, we would like to clarify that no demand order has been issued to Unitech Ltd by income-tax authorities for its shareholding in Unitech Wireless. However, in case of our two group companies, tax department has issued a demand order based on the 'presumptive gains' on their shareholding in Unitech Wireless, without there being any actual sale of shares by these companies and consequent profit to them. The management of these group companies has challenged the demand order of the tax department before the commissioner of income tax (Appeal),\" Unitech said.A spokesperson for Unitech Ltd said, \"Since the matter is sub-judice, we cannot provide further comments except that the management of these companies is confident that such baseless tax demand will be set aside by the concerned authorities\". Unitech holds a 32.75% stake in Unitech Wireless, with Telenor having majority control. The I-T notice to telecom JV said shares of Unitech Ltd in Uninor, through their companies Acorus, Cestos and Simpson, have been attached.Unitech had diluted its 67.25% stake in Unitech Wireless that has 22 licences for $1.2 billion. Telenor acquired the shares at a premium and the tax department has raised a demand for payment of capital against tax by the entities related to Unitech. A Unitech executive said the tax department had attached the shares of the companies around three months ago. Unitech is arguing that no shares were sold and as a result capital gains did not accrue to the companies. Unitech and Telenor are also engaged in separate legal battles as the Norwegian firm has decided to part ways with its local ally for the next round of bidding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12448056", "title": "PC arrested as girl alleges molestation", "text": "VASCO: A police constable (PC) of the escort cell was arrested and suspended by Verna police late Wednesday evening. According to the police, a girl filed a complaint against the constable Azad Ahmed of molesting her. In the evening, when the girl, aged between 20-25, was with a male friend of hers near the Kesarval motel, Ahmed, who is attached to the escort Cell, Sada, approachedthem. The man in uniform started arguing with the duo regarding their presence there and during the argument molested the girl.The girl immediately lodged a complaint to the Verna police, and he was detained. The victim has also alleged that Azad was under the influence of alcohol when the incident happened. Azad was then taken for medical examination. Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"After completing the formalities, the constable was arrested.\" A case under 341 and 354 was registered by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448762", "title": "Cancer cases tied to religion, region in India", "text": "MUMBAI: A youngster living in India's northeast is four times more likely to develop and succumb to cancer in his lifetime as compared to a youngster living in Bihar. A Muslim woman is less likely than her Hindu counterpart to die of cervical cancer , which kills one Indian woman every seven minutes. Clearly, India's diversity is reflected in how cancer behaves and kills here.The first-ever study on India's cancer deaths shows that the area one lives in, his or her economic and educational status and religion contribute to the malady's outcome.An Indian living in rural areas, it reveals, has a lower risk of developing cancer but a higher chance of succumbing to it once afflicted. Called the Million Death Study, its first findings were published in the Lancet medical journal on Wednesday. Its main collaborators - Mumbai's Tata Memorial Hospital and the Centre for Global Health Research - held a press conference to explain the study's nuances.The study maps how the 'Emperor of Maladies' prevails and results in almost 6 lakh deaths annually.Seven out of every 10 deaths, it says, occurs among people who are in the 30-69 age group. Cancer is a disease of the aged in the West, which has a high prevalence of cancer and cancer-related deaths. \"In comparison to the West, deaths among Indian men is lower by 40% and among Indian women by 30%,\" said the study's co-author from the University of Toronto, Prabhat Jha . \"But cancer deaths in the West mainly occur in the 70-plus group. More than half of the deaths are among this group.\"India's uneven literacy patterns too is reflected in MDS. MDS shows that uneducated adults are two times more likely to die from cancer than the most educated ones. Doctors say that lack of education and awareness often led to poor or late detection.Among uneducated men, the death rate was 106 per 1 lakh; and among uneducated women it was 107 per 1 lakh. In contrast, those with secondary and higher education had lower death rates-46 per 1 lakh in men and 43 per 1 lakh in women.MDS proved once again that tobacco is the single biggest common cause for cancer deaths. Cancers caused by tobacco use contributed to almost 1.2 lakh deaths in 2010 and was responsible for over 40% of male and nearly 20% of female cancers.MDS is one of the first population-based health studies in India. Previous cancer estimates relied on data maintained by cancer centres that are mainly located in urban areas. \"As 70% of Indians live in rural areas, we thought it was time we got a better estimate,\" said Dr Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12446855", "title": "Nashik youth pads up for IPL 5", "text": "NASHIK: Abhishek Raut , the 26-year-old Nashik lad, will sport the Rajasthan Royals' navy blue jersey yet again as he comes out to play in the 5th season of the Indian Premier League (IPL) T20 cricket tournament starting on April 4.This will be Raut's fourth consecutive IPL appearance with the Royals. \"My role is as an all-rounder in the team,\" said Abhishek who is a middle-order batsman and a leggie. But he is more famous for his outstanding fielding irrespective of whether its snapping up a blinder as a close-in fielder or displaying a strong throwing arm , as a man out in the deep.A former Maharashtra and Mumbai Ranji player, Raut represented the former in the 2005-06 season with moderate success. He then shifted base to Mumbai where he played for two seasons in ODIs and T20s under the captaincy of Wasim Jaffer . Those were distinctive performances as well. But it was his attacking batsmanship and robust fielding as a DY Patil team member in T20 matches that brought in the attention from the Rajasthan Royals who short-listed him immediately in 2009. Raut has not looked back since and remains a key player for the team.Former RR captain and mentor Shane Warne lauded the Nashikite's contribution to the team. \"He is a very good addition. A smart fielder and a more than useful batsman, most importantly he has a good cricket brain,\" Warne said.His position in the squad as a lower order batsman notwithstanding, Raut had played two match-winning innings for the Royals since his debut with the team. His knocks of 36 not-out versus the Deccan Chargers in 2009, and 30 not-out versus the Kolkata Knight Riders in 2010, were key contributions in those games.The Rajsthan Royals, under the astute leadership of Shane Warne, did win the inaugural version of the IPL but have not done well since.When asked about this year's target particularly in light of the team's poor last three seasons, Abhishek believes the team has it in them to win this year. \"We have fixed our focus on the semi-final berth at the very least. We have got the wherewithal to achieve that,\" Raut responded.A product of the Nashik Cricket Academy, he still makes it a point to be at the grounds for net practice, when visiting the city. As for the city, it sure will wait, watch and hope that in course of the 16 matches played in this year's IPL, Raut will be instrumental in taking the Royals to the finals, and with that, to another prized victory on May 27, 2012. Stay tuned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12448973", "title": "Not done, says high court on Bar association trying to derail cases", "text": "CHENNAI: There is no special immunity from criminal prosecution for people holding law degrees, the Madras high court has said. It lamented the trend of Bar associations attempting to derail criminal proceedings whenever advocates were involved.Justice K Chandru, passing orders on a writ petition of K Senguttuvan of Tiruvarur district, said: \"Of late, whenever any member of the Bar was involved in a criminal case, there was an attempt to send petitions to all kinds of authorities, including the chief justice of this court. On that basis, petitions are filed either to quash the proceedings pending before the trial court or to derail the investigation.\"Referring to the murder of Tamilselvan in 2005 and the successful attempts by the accused, which included an advocate, to stall the trial even after the chargesheet had been filed, Justice Chandru said: \"This case is yet another instance where the organized Bar attempts to derail the criminal investigation in their anxiety to make one of their wayward members from facing the prosecution. This case also shows the ever-willing government, instead of upholding the rule of law, succumbing to the dictates of a pressure group, thanks to a green signal by the court.\"Tamilselvan was murdered on December 25, 2005, and the chargesheet against four persons, including an advocate, was filed in the judicial magistrate-II court in Mannargudi on August 11, 2006. However, the then president of the Mannargudi Bar Association addressed a letter to the Chief Justice of the Madras high court in April 2006 seeking his intervention to prevent 'victimisation' of an advocate and to safeguard his life and reputation. On April 25, 2007, without even a counter-affidavit being filed, a single judge relied heavily on the letter to the chief justice and directed the government to consider the representation. The government, on its part, ordered change of investigation without even withdrawing the pending chargesheet.Flaying all these people concerned, Justice Chandru asked the Mannargudi court to proceed with the chargesheet already filed and pending before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448587", "title": "MC representatives say no to house tax", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Public representatives of the municipal corporation have again come in the way of the house tax on residential property in the city. They have rejected the agenda item for inclusion in the monthly house meeting scheduled on Friday. This would stop grants of the around Rs 400-crore developmental project about which UT has already informed the authority.Sources said officers of the civic body had brought in the agenda item on imposition of house tax on residential properties, but it was not approved for discussion. It was told that there was no necessity to impose any such tax.In a recent letter to the municipal corporation, UT had written that if civic body doesn't take steps to increase their sources of income, then they would have to face the deduction in the grant from the central government under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).Former city mayor and municipal councillor Subash Chawla said, \"We don't feel the need to put extra financial burden on people as we are not getting full grant on the basis of tax imposed in 2005 on commercial property. UT is constantly imposing cuts on our grant despite imposition of tax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12447914", "title": "Ghaziabad businessman booked for owning illegal satellite phone", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have booked a businessman for illegally carrying a global satellite phone in Kavi Nagar area of Ghaziabad as they consider it a threat to national security. The case has been shared with the state and central government security forces.Cops said they had seized the phone from him last November, but had not registered a case. When they got a go-ahead from their seniors, they lodged a case on Wednesday.Senior officials said the Kavi Nagar police have registered a case against Harsh Vardhan Jain, a resident of B-block in Kavi Nagar, under the Postal &amp; Telecommunications (P&T;) Act. DSP ( Local Intelligence Unit) Mohini Pathak said that Jain owns an export-import business of iron and steel, fertilizers, chemicals and natural gas. The police said that the businessman used to carry the phone just to flaunt it before his friends and neighbours.During one of his business trips, Harsh had bought a satellite phone and brought it to India. He got it activated online from a US service provider and started using it. When he activated the satellite phone around November, our surveillance systems tracked an unusual source in our network and we were able to zero in on him,\" Pathak said.\"Even though he did not make any call from it, it is illegal to have such a phone without prior permission from the home and defence ministries and intelligence agencies,\" Pathak added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452654", "title": "'Endukante Premanta' is about the confusion of love", "text": "Young hero Ram and milk white beauty Tamanna will soon be seen in the romantic entertainer 'Endukante Premanta'.The movie is being directed by Karunakaran, a master of romantic dramas. Sources familiar with the project say that the film is about the confusion faced by young people when they fall in love.Karunakaran has reportedly treated the subject beautifully and the audience can expect a visually beautiful romantic feast.Sravanthi Ravikishore is the producer of this movie and G.V Prakash Kumar is the music director.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447986", "title": "Two walk free in drugs case", "text": "MUMBAI: A special narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS) court on Tuesday acquitted two persons who were allegedly caught with nearly 40 kg of charas, a banned contraband.Counsel for the accused told the court that a police officer shown as complainant in the case was not present during the raids.The prosecution examined seven witnesses in the case. Special judge I M Bohari acquitted the accused, Bhima Dusange and Sujit Kasare, after the prosecution failed to prove the case.Defence lawyer Shekhar Bhandary said the remand copy of another NDPS case showed that on March 4, 2010, the day of the raids and subsequent arrests of the accused, the complainant officer was present at the Esplanade court in his capacity as the investigating officer of a case and was producing four accused for remand before the magistrate. The four accused in that case were convicted by the same special court and sentenced.It was the prosecution's case of the two accused, one was driving the car while the other was sitting next to him allegedly with about 20 kg of charas. Another 20 kg of charas was found in the cavity of the car, the prosecution alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12449094", "title": "Cops pick up man, upset wife ends life", "text": "MYSORE: A homemaker committed suicide because her husband was allegedly picked up by the cops for questioning late in the night in Saligram village, K R Nagar taluk in Mysore. District police, however, have denied harassment alllegations and say they are investigating.Sujathamani, 26, of Mavanur village consumed toxic liquid after her husband Lokeshraj Urs, 42, an agriculturist, was allegedly picked up by the cops attached to Saligrama police station late on Tuesday night. He was allegedly beaten up by cops in mufti, in front of his family before being taken away, said his father Ramaraja Urs. The station is 7 km from the village.Unable to bear the humiliation, the homemaker took the extreme step. When Lokesh was brought back an hour later, he found his wife on the floor, writhing in pain. She was taken to a primary health centre in K R Nagar and then shifted to K R hospital where she died on Wednesday.Sujatha's father-in-law Ramaraja Urs told The Times of India that their neighbour, Mahesh, had complained to police on Monday that Lokesh had behaved indecently with his wife, Poornima. In this regard, police had summonedLokeshraj to the station. After a long wait he was sent back. \"But cops landed at our residence in the night and picked up my son. Except the jeep driver none of the other five personnel were in uniform,\" the septuagenarian claimed.Lokesh alleges that he was beaten up by the cops in the jeep en route to the station.SP Dileep R claimed that the homemaker ended her life out of shame over her husband's indecent behaviour and not because of alleged police excesses. \"I have ordered an enquiry and the wrongdoers will be punished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447142", "title": "IPC rap for bikers with 2 pillion riders", "text": "NASHIK: With the menace of bikers with two pillion riders becoming a common sight in the city despite special drives by the traffic police to curb it, the city police are now planning to apply sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) on such bikers as a deterrent.Deputy commissioner of police Sunil Phulari said that such a decision is being taken at the level of the police commissionerate to see how such errant drivers can be booked under the Indian Penal Code, which provides for punishment for endangering the life of others. It is likely that IPC sections like 336 would be slapped on such traffic offenders. The section provides for imprisonment up to three months with a fine of Rs 350 for an act endangering the life or safety of others.\"The drives against triple seaters (on two-wheelers) are not yielding any results, despite many bikers driving triple seats being slapped with a fine almost daily. Against this backdrop, we are contemplating booking such offenders under the Indian Penal Code for endangering the lives of others by driving triple seats,\" added Phulari.Last year, the traffic cops in Nashik collected over Rs 60 lakh in fines by cracking the whip on errant two-wheeler drivers alone. According to reports, over 60,000 bikers were booked on charges of driving triple seats, using fancy number plates, rash driving and so on.While in all likelihood last year's figures on action against errant bikers may be surpassed by traffic cops this year, there is a slim chance that results may be along the lines expected by the police. As of now, those found riding three to a bike are charged as per sections 178 and 177 of the Motor Vehicle Act. The traffic police also recover a compromise fee from them, which is a meager Rs 100.DCP Phulari said that it is more prudent that action be taken on anyone found riding three to a two-wheeler as per the IPC sections rather than wait for an accident to happen.According to reports, this move to increase punishment against such offenders could also be coming against the backdrop of rising incidents of vehicle thefts and chain-snatchings, wherein in most cases, the accused are found riding three to a bike. There is hope that senior citizens and organizations concerned with the deteriorating vehicular traffic in the city will get some respite once a decision in this regard is taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12449518", "title": "Hu Jintao visit triggers protests in McLeodganj", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Arrival of Hu Jintao in Delhi on Wednesday triggered a series of activities in McLeodganj, which is the nerve center for various Tibetan groups working across the globe and home to Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama.Most of the Tibetan shops remained closed for the whole day and special prayers were organized in the main temple by various Tibetan groups, which later concluded with candle light vigils. Tibetan parliamentarians and other officials of the government-in-exile attended prayers in the late evening organized by the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA).Meanwhile, the Tibetan who carried out self-immolation in Delhi a day earlier succumbed to his injuries on Wednesday morning, following which rallies were held in the town. Tibetans demanded that the dead body be cremated in McLeodganj. \"We want that the body of the courageous Tibetan activist be cremated here with full respect as a martyr. He sacrificed his life for the Tibetan cause and we want that the Indian leaders and representatives of other countries should also raise the Tibetan cause at the BRIC summit,\" said Dhoundhup Yeshi, a Tibetan activist.Tibetans also condemned the arrest of protesters in Delhi by the police and demanded their immediate release.Jintao responsible for creating mess: SpeakerSpeaker of the Tibetan parliament-in-exile Penpa Tsering claimed that Hu Jinato was responsible for leaving minority nationalities in a mess and therefore it should be his responsibility to resolve the issue during the remaining period of his presidency. Otherwise he will go down as one of the most irresponsible leaders in the Chinese history. Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, he said, \"Taking opportunity of the visit of President Hu Jintao to India, Tibetan Parliament-in-exile wish to remind all BRICS members that the situation in Tibet continues to deteriorate and China continue to implement inhuman brutal methods to suppress peaceful Tibetans inside Tibet. We urge the BRICS leaders to raise the issue of Tibet with president Hu Jintao along with Syria and Iran ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449219", "title": "Two-year-old boy kidnapped from Tondiarpet rescued, 1 held", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-year-old boy, who was kidnapped in Tondiarpet on Tuesday afternoon, was rescued early on Wednesday in Broadway. The abductor, G Kumarapandian, 28, was arrested and remanded in judicial custody.S Motheeswaran was playing near his house on T H Road around 2.30pm when he went missing. His father Srinivasan, a TNEB employee, and mother Devi conducted a thorough search before lodging a complaint with the Tondiarpet police.Based on the orders of commissioner J K Tripathy, joint commissioner (north) N K Senthamaraikannan and deputy commissioner Lakshmi formed special teams. The teams fanned out to several areas, mainly crowded places. One of the teams maintaining vigil at the Broadway bus terminus found Kumarapandian moving around with the toddler at 2am on Wednesday.When questioned, the man who claimed to be a native of Cheyyar in Kancheepuram district gave answers that did not sound convincing.\"Initially, he told us that he found the child was wandering alone on a road and wanted to hand him over to his parents. We were not convinced and grilled him further,\" said an investigating officer.\"Later, he admitted to kidnapping the child to steal his anklet and gold chain. Since the child was crying non-stop, he decided to get food for him when he was caught,\" Senthamaraikannan said.\"We maintained vigil at bus stops and railway stations as there was a possibility of the abductor trying to leave the city. We are interrogating Kumarapandian further to see if he was involved in similar offences in the city or elsewhere in the past. However, it was proved that it was not a case of kidnap for ransom,\" the officer said.Police said parents should be cautious while allowing their children to play on the streets. \"The children should not be left alone wearing valuables,\" said another investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12448053", "title": "We don't need no transportation", "text": "MAPUSA: As a temporary solution to the problem of reckless mining traffic plying from Shirgao mines to the Sirsaim jetty endangering the lives of students of St Clara High School in Assonora, Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar promised locals and school authorities that mining traffic will be completely banned till March 31, when the school closes for summer vacation.On Wednesday, Kandolkar, Bardez deputy collector Jayant Tari and assistant director of transport of Mapusa Ivo Rodrigues listened to the grievances of the parents and teachers of St Clara school. \"Our children's lives are at stake. They cannot cross the road due to reckless mining traffic and other vehicular movement. Increasing mining traffic has only made it riskier for the students,\" said school headmistress Sr Veronica Winnie D'Souza.Stating that parents had raised the issue several times during the parent-teachers'-association meeting, D'Souza urged the Tivim MLA to solve the problem at the earliest.Tari promised the crowd that he would direct the RTO and the police to monitor the traffic on that road and issue notices to mining companies to strictly follow the high court orders while transporting ore. Stating that he would direct the PWD to draw a zebra crossing near the school, Tari said that he would direct the police to depute one hawaldar, one police constable and a home guard at the school to manage the traffic.Not just school authorities, but locals, too, complained to the authorities about health problems related to mining dust and accidents as a result of mining traffic. \"We cannot open the windows and doors of our houses because of dust pollution. My grandson often falls sick because of this,\" said Judith Coelho, a resident of Assonora.Agreed Sebastian Fernandes, \"Most of the time, mining trucks carrying ore are not covered with tarpaulin sheets. And the roads that are supposed to be watered twice a day, are not being watered anymore and this causes dust pollution.\"Kandolkar assured the locals that as a temporary solution, mining transportation would be allowed to ply after March 31 only if the transporters strictly comply with certain stipulations like no over-speeding, covering the ore, no overloading etc. \"The Shirgao-Assonora bypass will be constructed on priority as a permanent solution to the issue,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12448269", "title": "Ladder found off Jamnagar coast stirs suspicions", "text": "RAJKOT: The investigating officials from central Intelligence Bureau (IB), Coast Guard, Navy and Jamnagar police on Wednesday found two parts of an aluminum ladder from beneath the sea, 12 nautical miles off the Jamnagar.This is the same place from where AK-47 assault rifle with 39 live cartridges and a magazine stuck in a fishing net was found. On Wednesday, an operation was carried out by different agencies in the sea.\"We had with us the three fishermen who had found the AK-47 rifle. During the search, we found the ladder in a broken condition,'' inspector, Special Operations Group, Jamnagar, R H Hadia told TOI. \"We will rope in scuba divers now for deep search into the sea.\"On Sunday night, fisherman Mustafa Saalem Mohammed and two others, who were aboard the vessel Al Zam Zam from Salaya, noticed the rifle in their nets. They immediately informed their owner, who tipped off DRI and local police.The weapon may have been used by pirates or by security personnel of vessels passing through this international water channel. In the former case, the pirates may have dumped the rifle due to the fear of getting caught. The rifle is in a good condition and seems to have been recently dumped into the sea.The central agencies are now trying to find out if it was part of any consignment. The finding of the AK-47 assault rifle assumes significance in the light of the fact that Pakistani terrorists had used the Gujarat coast to reach Mumbai and wreak havoc there three years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12450012", "title": "Fire dept gets Rs 6 cr but no hydraulic lift in offing", "text": "GURGAON: Lacking up-to-date and appropriate equipment for a city like Gurgaon, the hard-up fire department has just received around Rs 6 crore by the state government for annual upgrade. But even the new financial year's shopping list - some new chassis, tenders and turntable ladders - doesn't include the department's most crucial requirement, which is a tall enough hydraulic lift to deal with emergency situations in the city's highrises.Previously, it has been highlighted how the fire department's altitude reach is only 40 metres, while tall buildings in Gurgaon average at around double that height, at 80 metres.According to department officials, a fiscal demand of over Rs 17 crore, filed in November last year, is yet to be sanctioned by the state government.\"Hydraulic platforms are expensive. We have an application with the government which lists the requirements and fund needed. The grant of Rs 17.5 crore has not been cleared,\" said Mahinder Bhardwaj, the new district fire officer of Gurgaon.Bhardwaj said a 101-metre tall hydraulic lift is required for highrises in the city. With the recent grant of Rs 5.90 crore, the department will purchase 3 new tenders which are to be fitted with GPS and monitoring equipment, turntable platforms, and two hydraulic platforms of 42 metre each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12447697", "title": "CM Akhilesh\u2019s net worth is Rs 4.67 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Setting a precedent before his cabinet colleagues, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday night, declared his assets on the state government's website. With net assets worth Rs 4.67 crore, Akhilesh has become the first UP chief minister to have made his details public.In comparison to the assets, which he had declared during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Akhilesh's net worth appears to have shrunk, with the total figure slipping from Rs 5.36 crore in April 2009 to Rs 4.67 crore in March 2012. In a state where the previous Chief Minister Mayawati almost doubled her wealth from over Rs 54 crore in 2007 to Rs 111 crore in 2012, Akhilesh appears to have set an example. He has, however, not mentioned the assets, movable or immovable, owned by his wife, Dimple Yadav.Akhilesh owns four immovable properties. This includes two each in Etawah and Lucknow. He has also declared loans and advances of Rs 22.24 lakh to wife Dimple, Rs 1.11 crore to brother Prateek Yadav and 1.19 lakh to the Samajwadi Party, among others. All immovable and movable properties have been declared at cost. Interestingly, the CM's liabilities of Rs 15,90,000 did not show any change in the said period.Though Akhilesh's declaration of assets is a first for Uttar Pradesh, Bihar's Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has already created a model of transparency, both at the ministry and bureaucratic levels. Details of Kumar's own assets, along with those of his ministers and top bureaucrats are routinely made public on the Bihar government website on January 2, every year. This year, too, Kumar's assets have already been made public on the state government website.It remains to be seen though, whether UP's top netas and bureaucrats will follow suit. Though declaration of assets before the Chief Election Commissioner is mandatory for all candidates while contesting the elections, yet, updated year-wise asset details are not put in the public domain. With Akhilesh emphasising on transparency in governance, his ministers might have to follow the leader.Bureaucrats, however, are not as lucky as the netas. Already covered under the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, 1968, it is mandatory for all babus to declare their assets to the Union ministry of personnel, grievances and pensions. Despite the stringent guidelines, though, a majority of babus miss the mandated, annual January 31 deadline fixed for asset declaration.This, even when Central rules state that failure to meet the stated deadline can result in babus being barred from central empanelment and promotions. Till March 28, as many as 92 UP cadre bureaucrats had failed to submit their asset details to the central government. Interestingly, this included the names of secretary to current chief minister, Anita Singh and special secretary to CM, Zuhair Bin Saghir, a 2006 batch IAS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12448358", "title": "UPA govt unable to handle sensitive issues: CM", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar said that the defence minister should have acted when the Army chief had told him about the attempt to bribe him.\"If A K Antony says he was given nothing in writing by Gen V K Singh, the minister could have brought the matter on record. Both are responsible for this,\" said Nitish during an informal talk on Wednesday.The CM refused to comment on party spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary's demand in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday for the Army chief's sacking. CM said he was not aware about the context of making such demand. He, however, said that both Antony and Gen Singh were responsible for not taking prompt action on such a serious and sensitive issue which was directly linked to the Indian Army's preparedness and nation's security.\"The Centre is unable to manage things and even failed to resolve sensitive issues like that of the Army chief's age. This is not in country's interest,\" the CM commented and expressed concern over the overall situation in the country.Reacting to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal's (SAD) stand on the capital punishment of former CM Beant Singh's killer Balwant Singh Rajoana, Nitish said, \"There should be a pragmatic approach to the whole issue keeping in view the overall situation in Punjab.\"He said the SAD, an ally of the NDA, is a responsible party and had suffered a lot during the disturbed period in Punjab. \"Peace in Punjab is very important for the country,\" he added.Nitish though refused to be drawn in the debate over politics on capital punishment, including that of Rajoana and Afzal Guru , but said that the Centre should take national interest into consideration on such issues.Commenting on India's stand in the UN over Sri Lanka issue, CM said, \"The Centre recently deviated from its foreign policy in the matter under the pressure of regional parties in Tamil Nadu.\"The CM hinted at resuming his Seva Yatra from April 18. The first phase of the yatra had started on November 9, 2011, and ended on January 17, covering 11 districts. He would cover two districts in April and hopefully the entire state by January next, CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447972", "title": "Court orders cops to probe former CM", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court recently ordered the local police to conduct a detailed inquiry against Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh for allegedly misusing his position as the state's chief minister to protect an MLA's kin involved in a money-lending racket in Vidarbha from prosecution. The apex court, on November 3, 2011, criticized Deshmukh for abusing his constitutional position in this instance.The court directed the Marine Drive police to investigate the matter and file a report before it by April 16.A social activist, Abdul Malik Choudhary, had filed an application in the metropolitan magistrate's court seeking a probe and filing of an FIR against Deshmukh, Congress MLA Dilipkumar Sananda and his father Gokulchand Sananda. Choudhary's lawyer Ashish Giri said, \"We moved the magistrate's court by filing a private complaint.\"Farmers from Buldana moved the Bombay High Court complaining that the police refused to register a case against Dilipkumar related to money lending transactions. They alleged that Deshmukh's personal secretary called the police superintendent asking him not to register complaints. On June 1, 2006 Deshmukh allegedly summoned the district collector of Buldana, to instruct him \"to specially treat any complaints filed against Dilipkumar and his family.\"The HC imposed costs of Rs 25,000 which the state challenged in the apex court. The SC on December 14, 2010 slapped costs of Rs 10 lakh on the state government after it dismissed the state's appeal against the HC's Nagpur bench's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454875", "title": "Sachin Sagre paints the \u2018Koraboi\u2019 lamp", "text": "Artist Sachin Sagre's paintings capture the lamp light falling on faces of rural women, finds Debarati S Sen.Artist Sachin Sagre's depiction of simple rural women is unique in a way, because he has managed to capture an inimitable serene tranquility on their faces. The women in Sagre's paintings have a beautiful bright light falling on their otherwise relatively dark and expressive faces. And this probably is due to his simplistic upbringing in the small Maharashtrian town of Pandharpur. The artist is showing his recent works titled The Homely Moon in acrylic colours on canvas in Jehangir Art Gallery. This series will enlighten all art lovers and connoisseurs with sentimental mindscapes of rural women through emotions and the ensuring glow on their faces out of mental relaxation and tranquility. His paintings depict sentiments, feelings and perspectives in the light of Koraboi - the lamp in the rural homes.He studied at Dalvi's Institute of Arts, Kolhapur followed by an advanced study in Abhinava Kala Mahavidyalaya, Pune. Here he was exposed to relevant details &and; intricacies of various facets of fine arts and their vivid forms. He developed his visual language through study keen observation, useful interactions with many artists and contemporaries etc. Then he created and displayed his work in various art galleries in Mumbai, Pune and other places and received good response and appreciation.The exhibition is on at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda Mumbai till 3rd April 2012 between 11 a.m to 7 p.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12448278", "title": "Shocked over granddaughter's death, man dies", "text": "BHOPAL: Unable to bear the loss of his granddaughter who worked as housemaid, an elderly man reportedly died of of heart attack on Wednesday. The deceased 17-year-old grand-daughter worked as a maid and had reportedly fallen down from her employer's flat in the city late on Tuesday.The police do not rule possibility of a foul play.The deceased Kalu Ji, the maternal grand-daughter, was a resident of Indore. On receiving the news about granddaughter Pinky's death, he rushed to Bhopal on Wednesday. The elderly man, who saw the dead body of Pinky, suffered a massive heart attack and died soon after.Pinky was employed as a maid with a person identified as Bobby. She reportedly fell on ground from the third floor of the Happy Towers in the Idgah Hills area.However, the police remained clueless about the incident throughout the day. The police said it was not clear how the girl fell down from the flat.Statements of Bobby, who owns a chemist shot, were recorded, the police said, adding that the short post-mortem report stated that she died of head injuries.The girl hailed from Vidisha district and was residing here with her family in Vajpayee Nagar in the old city for the past few years. Her family members alleged that she was not getting salary on time and was not keeping well for the past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447710", "title": "Remove Starbus operator, oppn urges municipal chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Once again the Starbus issue has hot up in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) after buses went on accident spree in the recent past. On Wednesday, leaders of Congress-led opposition group met municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and demanded the ouster of Starbus operator by handing over the job to MSRTC.Leader of the opposition Vikas Thakre told TOI, 68 persons had been crushed under the wheels of Starbuses since the commencement of service in 2007. \"Maintenance of Starbuses is not done properly. Besides, the drivers are inexperienced. The operator does not listen to the administration. We have been demanding inquiry after inquiry for the last many months, but in vain. It is not the job of NMC to run bus service and it should be handed over to MSRTC. It is shocking why the administration is mum and waiting for more citizens to become victims of Starbuses. A compensation of Rs 5 lakh should be given to the Belani family. Neither NMC nor operator has given compensation to any of the victims' families,\" he said.City congress committee chief Jaiprakash Gupta, corporators Guddu Tiwari, Sujata Kombade and others were part of the delegation. Advocate Vinod Tiwari demanded to book the operator under section 304(a) of IPC.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole on Wednesday called on the family of Belani at Jaripatka and condoled the death of Poonam following a request from former corporator Vedprakash Arya.\"NMC should pay a compensation of Rs 10 lakh to the Belani family,\" Arya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12448276", "title": "More rumours about question paper leaks? Call students' helpline", "text": "BANGALORE: Following endless rumours about question paper leaks, the department of PU education has reopened its helplines for students.Students can call the helplines to report rumours about fake question papers. They can address queries on exam preparation, fear, peer pressure, career plans, behavioural changes and compulsion to study subjects they don't like.The department has asked students not to heed to rumours. Helpline numbers:080-23468740/23468741.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447057", "title": "38-year-old woman accused of stealing chain worth Rs 20,000", "text": "NASHIK: A 38-year-old woman - Pramila Bapure, resident of Devlali Camp has been accused of stealing a gold chain worth Rs 20,000. In the complaint lodged by Preety Upadyay also of Devlali Camp, the complainant said that PramilaBapure was a domestic help at her house and alleged that between March 18 and March 20, Bapure stole the gold chain while doing her her routine routine household work. Deolali camp police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447703", "title": "Hong Kong wooing Indian businessmen", "text": "NAGPUR: Hong Kong is wooing Indian businessmen trading with China to route their deals through this city-state. Hong Kong, which is a special administrative region under the People's Republic of China, projects itself as a safe trade conduit with those in the mainland due to its stronger legal system. Representatives of a statutory body in this city-state, the Hong Kong Trade Development Council gave a presentation to project the advantages of trading with this area at Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA).Simon Lo the marketing manager of HKTDC said that Hong Kong follows the international legal system which is suitable to Indian traders. \"They can find it safer rather than dealing directly with China where they may find the business practices to be alien. This area, which is under mainland China, derives its legal system from the UK, which is familiar to Indian business concerns too. If dealing directly with China leads to a low cost, business through Hong Kong offers legal safety,\" said Lo.He said that the concept has already been promoted in the bigger cities with HKTDC now finding potential in smaller towns like Nagpur. A similar visit has been planned to Hyderabad too, said Lo.Hong Kong is also being projected as a hub for service sector with India being eyed as a market. The corporation is eyeing the film industry for providing services like movie distribution. Even distribution rights of popular Bollywood movie Three Idiots were purchased by a Hong Kong firm, added an HKTDC official accompanying Lo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12451897", "title": "Over promotion of film is not required: Mithun", "text": "Veteran actor Mithun Chakraborty , who has spent more than three decades in the film industry feels that movie promotions should not go over the top.\"Promotions are required but over promotions are not required. It is necessary to tell people that a film is coming. In our times we used to say that so-and-so film is coming through posters and today through you all (media), things have become quicker and faster. I feel doing everything over is not done,\" Mithun said.He would be seen next in Sajid Khan's multi-starrer comedy film, 'Housefull 2' alongside Rishi Kapoor , Randhir Kapoor, Boman Irani, Akshay Kumar , John Abraham , Riteish Deshmukh, Shreyas Talpade , Asin, Jacqueline Fernandez , Zarine Khan, Shazahn Padamsee.For this film, the 61-year-old has teamed up with both the younger and older lot of actors and he says, \"I feel younger generation is energetic, I am in the middle, Rishi, Randhir ji come first, then I come in. But whatever it be we all enjoyed a lot while filming the movie. It is a fun film.\"The film is up for release on April 5. The senior actor has worked across all genres be it drama or action or comedy all through his career span of 36 years, and has planned nothing fresh.\"I haven't thought of what I would do next. You are an actor and you have to do everything, as an actor you should not think about genre. Whatever I do, I give more than 100 percent,\" he said. \"I finished one Bengali film. Then this year I have this film ( Housefull 2) coming up and I am hearing some scripts?but nothing finalised yet,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448444", "title": "She can\u2019t talk, but sings in 5 languages", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tejaswini Sharma has been forced to go through a history of dependence, unable to determine her own destiny. But now, this 24-year-old is on the threshold of a new beginning.She cannot count nor write or speak a word, but when it comes to singing, Tejaswini is an unparalleled genius. The girl can recite bhajans, sing Punjabi and folk songs. She has perfected her singing skills in not one, not two, but five tongues, and is able to make melody for three hours at a stretch. To her credit, she has the President Award for role model of India, Indira Gandhi Award, a certificate and a diploma by Pracheen Kala Kendra.Tejaswini has been a part in several musical shows on television and qualified to the top levels. The girl was also declared a semi-finalist in a popular musical show on TV. Her one-hour performance was telecast by news channels and she appeared on a Punjabi channel in Europe six times, on demand.Tajeswini was born on July 17, 1987, to Harsh Sharma, and the family lives in Sector 6, Panchkula. She fell critically ill several times but survived extremities on the ambu bag, though a large portion of her brain was damaged due to lack of oxygen.Her mother Harsh Sharma said Tejaswini is active only to music sounds and remembers more than 1,000 bhajans. \"She is a completely different person when sings. She loves Lata Mangeshkar songs. Once when we were travelling, the car's sound system stopped midway but she continued to sing in rhythm,\" she said,Harsh said Tejaswini never uttered the words \"mama\" or \"papa\" but they got her trained in music. She can sing in Hindi, Punjabi, Haryanvi, English and Himachali.On March 31, Tejaswini will perform at Mansa Devi in the morning and spread a message to save the girl child. Her mother dreams of opening an institute for special children, so they too can showcase their talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12452453", "title": "SC gives time to Centre to decide on national monument status for Ram Setu", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre was today granted more time by the Supreme Court to decide whether the mythological Ram Setu could be declared a national monument.Appearing before a bench headed by Justice H L Dattu, Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Haren Raval submitted that consultation was needed on the issue with the competent authority and sought more time to file an affidavit on it.\"Take a decision whether or not to\", the bench said, while granting the government two weeks time to take a decision. The bench then posted the matter for further hearing on April 19.The bench was hearing a petition filed by Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy seeking the court's direction to declare Ram Setu a national monument.Earlier, the bench had on March 27 directed the government to file an affidavit regarding its decision within two days.\"If you say you don't want to file counter affidavit, we can go ahead with the arguments in the case,\" the bench had said.The case relating to Ram Setu came under judicial scrutiny after a batch of petitions were filed in the apex court challenging the ambitious Sethusamudram project, which was alleged to cause damage to the mythological bridge.Sethusamudram project is aimed at constructing a shorter navigational route around India's southern tip by breaching the mythological Ram Setu, said to have been built by Lord Rama's army of monkeys and bears to the demon king Ravana's kingdom Lanka.As per the Sethusamudram project, the shipping channel is proposed to be 30 metres wide, 12 metres deep and 167 kms long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12447150", "title": "Toilet blocks for zilla parishad schools sanctioned", "text": "NASHIK: The District Planning and Development Committee (DPDC) has sanctioned 302 toilet blocks to zilla parishad schools, enabling the Nashik zilla parishad to file an affidavit with the Supreme Court stating that it will ensure separate toilet blocks for boys and girls by the end of the financial year.\"A total of 302 toilet blocks at the cost of Rs 35,000 each have been sanctioned,\" said district planning officer Pradeep Potdar. After a Supreme Court order, the zilla parishad had sent a proposal to DPDC demanding funds for raising the toilet blocks in the schools where there are no facilities at all. \"The proposal got locked up in the code of conduct for the NMC and zilla parishad elections. The files have been cleared and the funds will be provided to the ZP for the same,\" Potdar said.In rural areas, primary schools generally have only a single toilet block, as students are few and they live close by. There are 313 schools where there are no facilities at all. After hearing a public interest litigation, the apex court had ordered state governments to ensure that there are enough lavatories and separate ones for girls. DPDC's sanction will ease the situation, an official from the zilla parishad said.Nashik district has 5,157 zilla parishad and ashramshala schools, along with other government-aided schools. Of these, 313 are without any toilet blocks, while 3,092 have common facilities for boys and girls. There are 60 schools in the Nashik Municipal Corporation area without any facilities, and 67 schools without facilities for girls.The Supreme Court had set a deadline of March 31 for the states to ensure that every school has a separate toilet block with enough water supply. \"The ZP administration will ensure that the permissions for construction of blocks is given in time and also that the facilities at all other schools be completed in the next financial year,\" a senior official said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449438", "title": "One held with firearm", "text": "KANPUR: Police arrested Deepak of Shakkar Khalua and recovered a firearm of .315 bore and several live cartridges from him on Wednesday. The police registered a case under the Arms Act and later sent the accused to jail.Meanwhile, police arrested one Virendra Kumar Prajapati and recovered 200 gm of charas from him. The Babupurwa police arrested Chunnu alias Ashraf Ali and recovered 200 gm of charas from him. The two were booked under the NDPS Act and sent to jail.Meanwhile, the Chamanganj police arrested Sohan Kashyap on charges of betting. Similarly, Raipurwa police arrested five persons on charges of gambling. The arrested were identified as Kaushal Bharti of Chandrika Lal Ka Hata Afeem Kothi, Nanhe of Dhumanganj Allahabad, Sunder Lal of Afeem Kothi, Ram Prasad of Laxmipurwa and Indrasen of Raipurwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12448633", "title": "Your potable water is not chlorinated", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of BRS Nagar, Vishal Nagar, Gurdev Nagar and several other parts of city are running the risk of water infection because dozers (equipment used for chlorination) installed on the tube wells from where these parts get water supply are not functional for past few days. In its absence, MC officials are unable to chlorinate water, which is must for killing the bacteria.\"Several times, water in many areas has been found unfit for consumption but even then MC officials do not take chlorination seriously. It can harm the health of residents,\" said Nitin Sharma, a businessman and resident of Model Town.A homemaker and resident of BRS Nagar, Rajni Sharma said they have installed a water purifier because water being supplied by MC is contaminated.According to MC records, there are around 441 big tube wells in various parts of city and out of which MC has installed dozers only on 270 tube wells. As many as 171 dozers are not functional. Residents of E, H and I block of BRS Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Barewal, Shere Punjab Nagar, Pink Park, Vishal Nagar, Joginder Nagar, Gogi Market, Ranjodh Park, Kapil Park, Jandu Chowk, Pritam Nagar and Laxman Nagar are the risk of water infection.Sources say MC officials increased the number of tube wells at a fast pace as this year as around 90 tube wells have been installed. But dozers on these tube wells are yet to be installed.Additional commissioner, (technical) operation and maintenance cell, Manjit Singh said, \"We have compiled a report of non-functional dozers and are hopeful of rectifying them within one month.\"He further claimed that tube wells were interconnected and there were lesser chances that water was not being chlorinated anywhere in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448405", "title": "Panvel-Apta line to cut down travel time", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers to Konkan and south India can expect more trains and faster journey as the Central Railway will soon throw open an additional line between Panvel and Apta as part of the 75-km-long Panvel-Roha doubling project.At present, double line exists only up to Panvel, beyond which there is single line up to Roha. From Roha onwards, the section belongs to Konkan railway, which also runs on single line up to Mangalore.Work on the 17-km stretch from Panvel to Apta-which falls under the project's first phase, from Panvel to Pen (35 km)-is in the final stages and it will be thrown open to traffic soon.VA Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR said, \"At present, 54 trains run on this sector. As the doubling project progresses, CR will be able to divert traffic from single track to double track, thus opening up slots to run faster or more services.\"To lay an additional line, CR engineers had to cut through a hill to build a tunnel. A viaduct to carry the track along the Patalganga river is also being built.Officials said, \"This infrastructure was necessary to cut down travel time. By taking the track below the tunnel and building the viaduct, we will cut the down the distance by a km. Due to sharp curves, the speed limit on the existing track is 60 km, however, on the new track, a train can catch the speed of 120 km.\"The Panvel-Roha section will get an additional rail by 2013. The total cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 404 crore. Another official said, \"CR can explore the possibility of running Electrical Multiple Units (EMUs) and Diesel Multiple Units (DMUs) on these route due to capacity expansion.\"Apart from passenger traffic, the doubling will also be beneficial for freight traffic that moves to and fro from ports at Rewas, Dighi, Jaigarh and Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT). Also, the single track will prove insufficient as there is projection of increase in traffic due to a proposal to set up a private freight terminal in Panvel.Moreover, the railway budget has also approved the setting up of coaching complex and coach maintenance facility at Panvel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455949", "title": "Tough time for Sharad Kelkar as Dr. Ashutosh", "text": "Mohnish Behl, who had managed to make an impression in Kuch Toh Log Lahenge (KTLK), opted out of the serial. The channel opted for Sharad Kelkar to take his place.It's been two weeks since this change has been implemented, and though Sharad maybe doing a decent job of it, it's taking time for the audience to accept him as Dr. Ashutosh. Most people thought that Behl and Kritika Kamra (who plays Dr. Nidhi in the serial) made for a lovely couple and shared good chemistry. Living up to that standard seems to be a mean feat for Sharad, who is a popular TV actor himself.The producers of the serial always knew it was going to be a tough job to get the audiences to accept the change, however, they are confident that given some more time, it won't matter too much.Sudha Ashar, a housewife who religiously follows the serial says, \"Mohnish Behl brought a little more maturity to the character. I enjoyed watching him and Dr. Nidhi together. They made a good pair. Yes, I feel something is missing now, but I still watch the serial.\"Jyoti Suri, a fan of Sharad Kelkar's says, \"I've enjoy watching him. I'll give him some time to settle down. Yes Mohnish Behl was good, but I don't think Sharad Kelkar as Dr. Ashutosh is bad at all. If Mohnish Behl was to replace Sharad Kelkar the audience would've felt as awkward. It's the situation and not the actor that makes such changes a little shocking and unwelcome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12448075", "title": "Approval please, SC asks Shetye", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court has recently directed Kashinath Shetye, who is a government servant, to reply on whether he has taken approval from competent authority to become permanent litigant in public interest litigation.A division bench comprising Justice B S Chauhan and Justice Jagdish Singh Khehar on March 23 passed the order on a Special leave to appeal (SLP) filed by Shetye and others. The SLP was filed challenging the high court of Bombay at Goa order which declined to cancel the bail granted by sessions court to Geetesh Naik in alleged illegal mining case.In its order, the apex court observed thus: \"The petitioner No 1 (Shetye), who is an engineer in the electricity department, is directed to file an affidavit to satisfy the Court about his locus. Being a government servant whether he has taken any approval from the competent authority to become the permanent litigant in the public interest litigation within a week.\"Earlier, the police had arrested Geetesh Naik following an order passed by judicial magistrate first class court Pernem to register FIR on the basis of complaint made by Shetye and others. Naik, had allegedly extracted ore illegally from the property of former Congress MLA Jeetendra Deshprabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454408", "title": "Balakrishna mediates for \u2018Adhinayakudu\u2019", "text": "According to highly reliable sources, the Balakrishna starrer \"Adhinayakudu\" is all set to hit the screens.The shooting of the film, which began long back, had to be stalled due to financial issues. Producer ML Kumar Chowdhary is now producing this high-budget flick with Balakrishna playing three different characters. Saloni , Lakshmi Rai and Jayasudha are the leading ladies opposite Balayya.The film is directed by Paruchuri Murali. Taking over the reins of the film is RR Movie Makers, who have had a good outing recently with the blockbuster \" Businessman\". Around `19 crore is now being pumped into \"Adhinayakudu\". According to the source, actor Balakrishna was key in taking the initiative as he wanted to his film to hit the screens.The movie is set against a political backdrop and Balakrishna plays the character of his late father NT Rama Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448197", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee looks east for 2nd green revolution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday said he would explore the possibility of setting up a committee of CMs of the eastern states for a second green revolution in the region and praised Assam , Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal for substantial increase in rice production during the current fiscal.Replying to the debate on 2012-13 Union Budget in Rajya Sabha, Mukherjee said due to substantial increase in rice output in the eastern states to the tune of 7 million tonnes in 2011-12, production of the staple grain has risen to a record 102 lakh tonnes.He said this was possible because of special thrust given on realizing the agricultural potential of eastern states.Accepting the suggestion of JD(U) member N K Singh, Mukherjee said he would explore the possibility of setting up a committee of chief ministers of eastern states \"to give further impetus to achieving green revolution\" in the region.Singh, while participating in the debate on Tuesday, had suggested setting up of such a panel. He had said: \"Given the importance of incentivizing agriculture in the eastern region, a chief ministers' committee comprising the CMs from the eastern states should be constituted for a coherent action plan and adequate support from the central government\". His suggestion came as one of the eight \"tangible actions\" which, he thought, would lend credibility to the budgetary announcements.The government had earlier allocated an additional Rs 400 crore in 2011-12 under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana for extending green revolution to the eastern region comprising Assam, Bihar, Jharkhand, Eastern UP, Chhattisgarh , Odisha and West Bengal. Rice was a priority crop under the scheme. Seeing the success of the scheme, the Budget 2012-13 has raised the allocation to Rs 1,000 crore.Mukherjee lauded CMs of these states, particularly Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , whose state has doubled rice output to 67.5 lakh tonnes in 2011-12. Handsome increase in rice production has also been witnessed in Jharkhand, West Bengal and other eastern states.Noting that the achievement has attracted accolades from world over, he said the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Indonesia-based World Rice Institute have commended the eastern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448182", "title": "I-T sleuths swoop down on 25 premises of oil firm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sky-rocketing edible oil price seems to have caught the attention of the income-tax (I-T) sleuths. The income-tax department cracked down on a city-based groundnut oil manufacturer on Wednesday. I-T sleuths carried out search and survey operations on 25 premises of the company in Ahmedabad and Vadodara.\"We carried searches on 10 premises and survey on 15 others, all belonging to Ankur Oil Industries. Around 150 officials were pressed on the job,\" said a senior income-tax official.I-T officials covered the company's registered office at Kalupur and its oil manufacturing unit near Kalol. The officials also searched two real estate agents which are believed to be taking care of the group's real estate business.\"Other than edible oil, the group has exposure to real estate and finance. We also searched premises of two real estate agents which are believed to be helping the group in acquiring land and launching realty projects,\" the official said. Searches and survey went on till late in the evening.tnnEdible oil prices have been northbound for quite some time now. In the last one year, groundnut oil prices have reached close to Rs 2,000 per 15 kg tin, which is around 30% rise compared to last year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448701", "title": "Oscar film festival a big hit in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Oscar film festival organized by the State Chalachithra Academy in the city has evoked a fair response from the viewers. The festival will conclude on Friday morning with the screening of `The Help'.More than 90% of the balcony seats of the Sree Padmanabha theatre were full even on a working day like Wednesday.The matinee and first shows on the other day when the film 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' was screened, more than 90% of the balcony seats were full. Except for a minor glitch when one of the films could not be screened due to technical reasons, the festival is being well received by the viewers, says Gireesh Chandran, the promoter of the theatre.\"We are satisfied with the viewers' response. The movie 'The Help', which could not be screened initially, will be screened as the technical fault has been rectified,\" said festival convener Renjith.More than 1,800 passes and tickets have been issued. \"We have issued some 600-plus passes. Almost 400 tickets have been sold out for various shows. The response from the public was overwhelming,\" he said.The Oscar film festival was conceived by cinema minister K B Ganesh Kumar as part of his plans to revamp the film appreciation system promoted by the State Chalachithra Academy. The film 'The War Horse' by Steven Spielberg was screened on Wednesday. 'The Muppets' by James Bobin will be screened on Thursday. An additional show of `The Help' will be held on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447508", "title": "Way paved for 17km wall around Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: Although Gorewada international zoo in the city still has miles to go, it took one step forward with with state government approving Rs 17.80 crore to construct a 17km compound wall around the forest patch. The approval came on March 26.\"Based on the approval, we have written on Wednesday to the public works department (PWD) to prepare detailed estimates following which tenders will be floated. We expect the work to start in June,\" said S K Sood, managing director of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), which is executing the zoo project.In 2011-12, government had approved Rs 20 crore for Gorewada project. Of this, Rs 10 crore were already transferred to FDCM in December last. The remaining amount is expected to come before March 31. A token amount of Rs 1 crore has been transferred to PWD against the wall project.The administrative sanction for Rs 17.80 crore is from this amount. In the 2012-13 budget, state finance minister Ajit Pawar has announced another Rs 15 crore for the project. Gorewada is spread over 1,800 hectares and its biggest problem is encroachments, thefts and grazing. The compound wall will take care of these problems.To expedite preliminary works, FDCM has shifted its divisional manager's office at Gorewada. Two RFOs, accountants and field staff have already been handed over to FDCM.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comHowever, even as the project has been set in motion, a fresh row has ensued between chief conservator of forests (CCF) for wildlife planning &amp; management AR Mande and divisional manager (DM) H M Meshram over shifting of Gorewada office equipment. Mande was earlier Gorewada project director.Sources said Mande issued show-cause notice to four FDCM employees (earlier with Gorewada) asking why action should not be taken against them for transporting equipment from earlier Gorewada office that was based at ground floor of Van Bhavan, Civil Lines. Those issued show-cause include range forest officers (RFOs) S J Meshram and P M Deshmukh, forest guard Sharad Tambe and accountant S F Kuthe. Both, CCF Mande and DM Meshram were not available for comment.These employees had shifted fax machine, computer, furniture and files belonging to Gorewada project on the direction issued on March 7 by Meshram. The employees are irked for being unnecessary harassed.\"The material was shifted on March 15 in the absence of Mande, who was on leave. This has perhaps hurt the ego of officer and hence the notice. As these employees are no longer with forest department now, Mande has no business issuing notice to them,\" said department sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454177", "title": "Ram Charan banks on him and Tamanna!", "text": "Ram Charan's Racha is going to be the first film to release in Tamil and Malayalam along with Telugu.Earlier NTR's Shakti released in Telugu and Tamil simultaneously and Allu Arjun's Badrinath released on the same day in Malayalam and Telugu. Mahesh Babu's Businessman was planned to release in Tamil and Malayalam, but that didn't happen.Racha producers are making sure that it releases in Tamil and Malayalam in a big way. Ram Charan can assure bumper opening in Telugu, but how can one expect him to draw crowds in Tamilnadu and Kerala? Cherry gets good support from Tamanna to grab the attention of Tamilians. Tamanna is a well known actress and darling of masses in Tamilnadu. Her presence can pull good number of audience and the rest will depend upon the film's worth.Charan's Magadheera did well in Malayalam, but Allu Arjun's cousin factor will act as a buffer to him for Racha. We all know that Bunny is a very big crowd puller in Kerala. If Racha manages to entertain Kerala audience, Allu Arjun's name would help to get the major pull. Let's wait and watch if Racha possess the content that has universal acceptance or not?Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12449802", "title": "Two Indian traders go on fast in China", "text": "BEIJING: Two Indians, who were freed from illegal custody of Chinese traders three months ago, on Wednesday went on a hunger strike in Shanghai, demanding that they be allowed to go home within a week failing which they will commit suicide.In the emails sent to the media on the eve of the Brics summit in New Delhi attended by Chinese president Hu Jintao, Deepak Raheja and Shyam Sunder Agrawal threatened to commit suicide if they were not sent back to India within a week. They said from Shanghai over phone that they have been asked by the hotel to vacate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12449362", "title": "Farmer kidnaps deputy tahsildar, arrested", "text": "MADURAI: A farmer allegedly kidnapped and detained a deputy tahsildar for delaying the issue of a land patta to him near Tenkasi in Tirunelveli district on Wednesday. Police, however, rushed to the coconut grove where the revenue official was held by the farmer and rescued him. The 45-year-old farmer was arrested.Police said that V Arumainayagam (45), a resident of Melatheru in Udhayaselvampatti near Tenkasi had bought a 1.8 acre coconut grove from another farmer, few months back. Arumainayagam had then approached Balasubramanian, the deputy tahsildar of Shencottah seeking for issue of a patta for the purchased land in his name. He had submitted a petition to the revenue official and had met him several times requesting to issue the patta. However, Balasubramanian allegedly delayed the process and had failed to give a convincing reply to Arumainayagam.In this backdrop, deputy tashildar Balasubramanian along with the village headman had visited a farm near Udhayaselvampatti to take stock of trees in a public place that were decayed and were set for auction. Arumainayagam, who saw Balasubramanian at the village approached him and pleaded him to visit the coconut grove that he had purchased recently for issuing the patta.Balasubramanian got on to Arumainayagam's motorcycle and went with him. But only after they reached the grove, Balasubramanian realised that the farmer's demeanour was not appropriate. Arumainayagam allegedly abused the deputy tahsildar for not issuing him the patta and threatened that he would not allow him to leave the spot until he issued it. The official, however, managed to call the police and inform them his plight.Police immediately went to the grove and rescued him. \"We rescued him barely 15 minutes after he was held by the farmer. We have arrested Arumainayagam,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447538", "title": "HC says its verdicts not applicable retrospectively", "text": "NAGPUR: Can the high court judgments be applied retrospectively? The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court said 'no', in a case of Akola resident while ruling that \"there is no question of its applicability retrospectively or prospectively as it only declared the law as it is\".\"The principle of law pronounced by the court in the judgment is to be considered as law which is prevailing from inception and beginning,\" a division bench comprising justices PB Majumdar and Prasanna Varale ruled while providing relief to Rambhau Bhusari, an employee of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krushi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), who had challenged his retirement.\"So far as enactment of law by the legislature is concerned, it may have retrospective effect if the enactment so provides,\" the judges further observed.Bhusari (58), working as laboratory attendant, had challenged his retirement, as the PDKV had not allowed him to continue till his 60 years of age. He was appointed to the post in 1980 and was asked to retire on June 30 last year after attaining age of 58.The petitioner contended that two verdicts of high court last year (WP nos. 2954 and 2505) had clearly ruled that lab attendants coming under group \"D\" category working in the agricultural university are entitled to serve up 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449605", "title": "PIL on effluents entering water bodies: Centre to reply by May 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre was asked by the Delhi high court on Wednesday to respond to a PIL seeking a ban on treated effluents entering water bodies.The PIL urges HC to issue directions to environment ministry to take steps to stop flow of treated effluent from sewerage treatment plants (STPs) into the water bodies. Issuing notices to environment ministry, Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and also to Delhi Jal Board, a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought their replies by May 10.The PIL, filed by environmentalist Vinod Jain, alleges that the treated effluent from the STPs is channelled into the water bodies which contaminates the ground water. \"The treated sewage water is not only polluting the water bodies, but also contaminating the ground water,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12448029", "title": "Get 10% discount for paying yearly water bill in advance", "text": "NOIDA: Water consumers can now avail a discount of 10% of their total yearly fixed bill if they decide to pay it in advance for the year 2012-13. A discount of 5% of the total amount will be given to those consumers who pay advance bill of six months. For this, a special teller window has been opened by the Noida Authority which will remain open till May 31.The facility is open for over 55,000 consumers in residential, industrial, institutional and commercial categories in the city who avail water from the Noida Jal Board.\"Depending on the size of the plot allotted by the Authority, fixed rate bill amounts are fixed for different consumers,\" said an official of the Jal Board. \"If consumers pay the total amount in advance for the next year by May 31, they will be given a discount of 10%. Consumers can avoid monthly payments by this one-time annual settlement scheme,\" said the official.Consumers are required to deposit the entire billing amount between April 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013, within the next two months. \"Consumers can find their tariff rates and their annual fixed bill amounts on the back of the bills they receive from the Jal Board every month and make payments accordingly,\" said the official.Since the Jal Board does not have an online bill payment system, residents are forced to stand in queues in front of counters to pay bills. \"The one-time annual settlement system would be helpful to those residents who don't have time at their disposal to pay bills every month,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449258", "title": "Big rush for property regn before guideline value hike", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 150 people lined up outside the district registrar's office at Saidapet in Chennai on a sultry Wednesday morning, brushing away rivulets of sweat as they awaited their turn to submit documents. After the government's announcement on Monday that new guideline values would come into effect from April 1, there has been a rush to get registrations done in the few days remaining this month.Nandini P and her husband, who were at the office to register the sale deed for a house in Ramapuram, looked hassled as they made their way through the crowd while keeping an eye on their child.\"We rushed to get our registration done before April 1, when the new guideline values will be implemented,\" she said. \"It costs us 40,000 now and this is likely to go up after April 1. Organizing funds at such short notice has been difficult.\"Chennai Port Trust employee K R Ramachandran and his brother, who bought a house in Tiruverkadu, had to borrow some money to register the property in a hurry.\"We originally planned to register the house a month later,\" he said. \"But we did not want to pay more next month so we took a loan and pawned jewellery to get the money we needed.\"Officials at the registrar's office said property owners on Wednesday submitted twice as many applications as they normally do. \"Usually, we get about 70 applications each at the Joint 1 and Joint 2 sections here every day,\" said an official. \"We received 150 each today.\"Other registrar offices also reported an increase. \"We normally receive 10-15 applications each day,\" said an official in Adyar. \"Today we got 25 applications.\"The hurry was not as pronounced on Tuesday, a day after the budget. \"That's because Tuesday is considered to be an unlucky day,\" said E Ravichander, a real estate agent, who registered a house on Tuesday.\"I initially planned to register the house in Pallikaranai in the first week of April but decided to do it immediately after the budget was announced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12448339", "title": "The wonder is back", "text": "It's time to feed the crocodile. Observe the fiery petals of the African Tulip in bloom and journal it. Capture the neighbourhood milkman through the lens. Write that master script of all that goes into making life so magical...Tearing away from school curriculum, innovative thinkers from the fields of art, education, animal biology, sports, theatre and filmmaking have opened myriad ways for children to explore the world, internalize its intricacies and come alive with experiences of the wonders of creation.Wildlife artist Sangeetha Kadur, along with Shilpashree B, decided to celebrate the grandeur of nature resplendent in plants and trees, birds and bees, through Green Scraps, a nature journaling workshop between April 30 and May 4. \"For the past two years, we've been taking children aged 8 to 13 on summer camps to Lalbagh. They are up bright and early, after which we explore the flora and fauna around, observe every little detail and journal it in our little books as drawings and descriptive words. This has helped children bond with nature and they are slowly emerging as little conservationists,\" explains Sangeetha.Crossing over urban terrain, into the territory of animals, young explorers aged nine upwards build their context with nature at the Young Naturalists Camp, designed by Gerry Martin. \"The camp gives children the opportunity to safely explore nature and its environs. It puts wildlife in perspective for children, given how we people in the city are always talking of how dangerous snakes and crocodiles are. Starting April 2 to mid-May, we've organized camps to Mudumalai, Madras Crocodile Bank, Agumbe rain forests, Karadi Malai and Hunkaal Woods, where among other skills, they will learn to track and survey crocodiles and irulas,\" says Conan Dumenil, education in-charge for the Gerry Martin project.Between the reality of nature and the surreality of theatre, all the world's a stage for the little star. Ranga Shankara, with its array of workshops on music, theatre, visual arts, filmmaking, organic cooking and rangoli art, is quite the magic venue for all that makes a child go AHA! \"Our AHA workshops, spread between April 9 and May 7, have grown organically over the years. This year, we have 16 workshops, of which nine are brand new concepts. Veteran musician B Jayashree will be here to conduct the music workshop and, as with previous years, Arundhati Nag, founder of Ranga Shankara, is very keen on the life skills workshops. This includes learning car mechanics and organic cooking. There are more boys in the cooking classes and more girls in the car mechanic workshop! Gender equations are changing, stimulating new thought processes,\" smiles Gayathri Krishna, who handles programming for Ranga Shankara.When a child thinks, there are no strings attached. Discovering the ability among children to break rules to create with gusto, filmmaker Nikhat Aslam Powell has introduced filmmaking courses for children between April 16 and 20. \"When my nine-year-old son, who was otherwise very shy, picked up the camera to make a small film during his holidays, little did I know that it would turn out to be good enough to be screened at the Puri Film Fest. I realized then that children are able to grasp the intricacies of professional cameras faster than adults, and decided to design a filmmaking workshop for them,\" says Nikhat.An open mind and dexterous body add vigour to a child's life. Giving a boost to a child's gross motor skills, LeapStart has developed metered games and activities for kids. \"We have the Rain Forest Game for aspiring soccer champs and Squirrels and Acorns for kids who dig basketball. We have two summer sessions between April 9 to 28 and May 7 to 26,\" confirms Aditya Kaura, CEO, LeapStart.It all leads up to what Confucius said: 'Tell me and I will forget, show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand'. Following this train of thought, Mehar Zariwala, director, Institute of Experiential Learning has designed a series of 'do it and learn' workshops, ranging from Yakshagana puppetry to adventure trails in Kenya , starting April. \"At our workshops, whether children are writing books or cooking, they take home something tangible,\" says Mehar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12447401", "title": "Govt employees get pay-cut notices", "text": "KOLKATA: The employees knew this was coming. And when the order finally came for a pay cut and deduction of a day from their service tenure for not attending work on February 28, the reactions were as expected.Employees' unions are gearing up for an agitation as the state agriculture directorate informed nine employees in its Rice Research Station at Chinsurah two days ago that they won't get a day's salary for not attending office on the day when the Left unions had called a nation-wide industrial strike.The state government had issued an order saying that those who would not attend work on that day would face pay cut if it was not informed earlier, and if it was not due to any medical reasons or death of a family member.According to the information given to the nine employees, this was termed \"unauthorized absence from duty\" without any prior intimation that was not covered by any specific reason cited in the government order. So, \"leave cannot be granted for your absence on 28.02.12 and the same is treated as dies non and no salary will be admissible on that day,\" the order read. It was issued by the joint director of agriculture (rice development), at the Rice Research Station of Chinsurah.Some of the employees are said to have clearly stated that they were on strike and that's why they didn't attend work that day.One of the lab attendants has written that he \"unequivocally\" states that \"since the demands behind the strike call were in favour of employees\", he fully supported them and had decided not to attend office on that day. He also asserted his right to strike as a government employee.However, since the government had already said this was not going to be allowed, the employees faced the pay cut.According to employees owing their allegiance to the state employees' union Nabaparjay, this was not justified. \"There cannot be a pay cut and deduction of one day from the service tenure,\" said Nabaparjay's Samir Majumdar. According to Majumdar, the order would be sent to other states, and there would be a major stir protesting it.\"This is just the beginning of sending such orders to those who hadn't come to work on that day. The right to strike is still in vogue and so the order for pay cut is unjustified,\" Majumdar said.State agriculture secretary Hridesh Mohan said: \"I wouldn't be able to comment on this as the directive has gone from the agriculture directorate\".Technical education minister Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay said similar pay cut notices have been sent to three employees in the technical education department. \"I don't have details of other polytechnic institutions yet,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449648", "title": "Stray dogs in Jawaharlal Nehru University: Visually challenged on hunger strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fed up with the rising number of dog bites and the alleged mishandling of situation by the administration , visually challenged students of Jawaharlal Nehru University have threatened to go on a hunger strike from Wednesday night.Representative bodies of disabled students said they had, to no avail, asked the administration to come up with a dog management plan by Tuesday. . \"There is a dog lover's community that is not permitting the administration from taking action even though most of the senior professors accept that the number of dogs has risen beyond control. We want the dogs to be relocated,\" said Sonu Yadav, a visually challenged PhD student.He added that a march would be taken out by the students from Ganga Dhaba to the administrative block on Wednesday night, after which six students would sit on an indefinite fast while another six would go on a relay fast. A demonstration has also been planned for Thursday morning. In an RTI response to the students , the university admitted that 246 cases of dog bites had been reported between Jan 2010 and September 2011.A visually challenged student said: \"Our mobility is restricted and we are fearful and wary of stepping out alone. We have to constantly depend on escorts as we have no way to defend ourselves effectively.\"However, a section of students also came out strongly against the demand for relocation of the dogs. \"There is no sense in relocation since their places would be taken over by other dogs very soon. JNU is a huge campus and people should stop throwing food for the dogs,\" said one.Amita Singh, chairperson of JNU's dog committee said, \"Both males and female dogs are being sterilized . They are also been vaccinated for rabies and three other diseases,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455774", "title": "Mythili's b'day bash", "text": "Mythili had a quiet birthday this year.The actor is thankful she had no shoot on March 24, when she celebrated her 24th birthday. \"\"I had lunch with my family, and in the evening left for Fort Kochi with my friends.We had my favourite dishes, prawn and other seafood. For some reason, the place we went to wasn't crowded, and we had a nice, quiet time. Afterwards we sat by the waterside for a long time,\"\" she says. The actor says she has fond memories of her last birthday, when she was shooting for Ashiq Abu's Salt N' Pepper.The movie has been one of the most successful in the recent years and Mythili's wave of success continued with Arun Kumar's Ee Adutha Kalathu. The actress is currently busy shooting for Mayamohini and Naadodimannan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453423", "title": "Research into the Future of Retail", "text": "The Oxford Institute of Retail Management (OXIRM) at Sa?d Business School, University of Oxford , announced the launch of an 18 month study into the future of retail.Richard Cuthbertson, director, OXIRM, who is leading the research, said, \"It is well known that factors such as rising retail costs, changing customer expectations, the need to rejuvenate and reshape our town centres, remodel out-of-town stores, and develop the many opportunities presented by online and mobile technologies, all mean that the clock is ticking for traditional stores. Many retail businesses are actively reconsidering their business models and particularly thinking about the relationship between digital and traditional activities.\"He said that the institute has worked for more than 25 years in the vertical and the project will build upon that insight to chart the retail landscape and explore the challenges and opportunities facing retail organisations. The research will involve talking to individuals from all parts of the retail sector and with policy makers; review retail experience overseas as well as technology developments and shape and test possible scenarios for retailing in the years ahead. The outcome, says Cuthbertson, will be the most thorough picture available of what the future of retailing may look like.Cuthbertson believes that digital media will transform the retail experience, vastly enhancing communication of product and service information, creating opportunities for customisation, and providing more options for customers. Such a radical reconfiguring of retail will present a series of new challenges to retailers, who must simultaneously address back office support and supply-chain issues to efficiently service these innovations and to exploit fully the opportunities of developing technology. The research will explore many aspects of this transition from advances in mobile technologies, consumer analytics and big data, the integration of new solutions with legacy systems, and the new security and privacy issues emerging as applications and data proliferate.The scope of the study extends beyond technology alone and will take a broad view of retail change including the socio-economic implications such as new and varied employment opportunities and the reshaping of the traditional town centre.Sponsored by Intel , the research project will particularly focus on the relationship between digital and physical retailing as retailers look for the optimum approach to managing these two offerings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448639", "title": "Fate of 13,678 government employees under a cloud", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The confusion over the retirement age of government employees persists even though the government, on Wednesday, issued a special order annulling the unified date of retirement.But the order failed to mention that the retirement age of government employees has been enhanced to 56. The latest order has added intrigue to the retirement age issue and puts a question mark over the fate of 13,678 government employees who will turn 55 and retire on March 31.Whether they will benefit from the budget announcement is still not known. Sources say the order on enhancement of retirement age will be issued only after April 1 since this was declared in the state budget for the coming fiscal.In the special order, the principal secretary of finance department has stated that the unification of the date of retirement had led to several administrative hassles including dispensation of unequal service benefits to employees. \"As a result large number of posts falls vacant on a single day affecting the smooth functioning of government,\" the order stated.Furthermore, it states that 13,678 employees will retire on March 31, of which 10,686 vacancies have been reported to the state public service commission.The order also has a rather obfuscating note which states that \"the age of compulsory retirement of government employees will be allowed to continue in service till the last day of the month.\"Meanwhile, the KSEB and TDB have issued orders to enhance the retirement age.The KSEB orders clearly say that the move would be applicable for those who are due for retirement this month end. Power minister Aryadan Mohammad had instructed the board chairman to issue orders to this effect. The meeting of the director board of TDB, which met here on Wednesday, also decided to enhance the pension age to 56.Chief minister Oommen Chandy has said government would fulfill the promise given to youngsters when it announced the decision to up the retirement age. \"The cabinet discussed about the new appointments today. All vacancies, which should have existed on April 1, had the retirement of officials taken place on March 31, will be filled. The PSC has already been notified about the posts identified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449904", "title": "Four more held for creating ruckus on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Four more persons were arrested for creating a ruckus on the city's Mall Mile late on Tuesday, taking the total number of arrested to 70. The police crackdown came after a 23-year-old pub attendant was abducted and gang-raped recently.Police said that a Sector 29 police team headed by SHO Jagdish Parshad conducted raids on several bars on Tuesday night. Police arrested 4 persons from a bar and outside on MG road. The police have lodged an FIR against 8 under Section 160 of the IPC. All the persons were produced at a city court on Wednesday, which granted them bail. According to the police, the accused were identified as Harjit, Jitendra, Manish and Vikas, belonging to Delhi and Sukhrali village in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12449068", "title": "4 atuo drivers held for robbing passengers", "text": "MYSORE: City crime branch police on Wednesday arrested four autorickshaw drivers for allegedly robbing passengers in Mysore.Acting on a tip-off, CCB police zeroed in on the accused on Mysore-Nanjangud Road when they were waiting for a prey. The drivers -- Imran Khan, 27, Abdul, 20, Jiaullah, 19, and Harishkumar K, 20 -- were taken into police custody. During questioning, they admitted to robbing eight passengers in Mysore in the last few months.Explaining the drivers' modus operandi, CCB police said they used to wait for passengers in the night hours near bus stand and on the city outskirts, and then take them to a secluded place to rob them of their valuables. Two of them used to act as passengers, while another would pick up gullible passengers. The fourth driver would follow them in another rickshaw.Police have recovered two gold rings, one cellphone together worth Rs 1.2 lakh from the accused. Only two passengers had field complaint with Nazarbad and Vijayanagar police stations after being robbed of their gold rings.Homemaker robbed of chainA homemaker was robbed of her gold chain by motorbike-borne youth near her house in Gokulam on Wednesday. This is the fourth incident of chain snatching in Jayalakshmipuram and 32nd in the city this year.The latest incident happened on 14th Cross of Gokulam when Srilakshmi was returning home after dropping her daughter Chinmayi to take II PU exam at 9am.A youth, who was wearing a red helmet, came in the opposite direction, and snatched her chain weighing 55 gram and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449139", "title": "Survey official caught taking bribe of Rs 5k", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-corruption officials arrested a sub-inspector of survey for taking a bribe of Rs 5,000.B Loghiram of Ambattur Taluk office demanded Rs 10,000 from Rajkumar to measure a plot of land at Maruthi Nagar in Tirumullaivoyal that he bought in the name of his wife. After much haggling, the official agreed to get the job done for Rs 5,000.Rajkumar complained to anti-corruption unit (DVAC) about the bribe demand. On Wednesday, Loghiram was caught by the DVAC team while accepting money from Rajkumar near the Annanur Railway station .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12448201", "title": "IUCN cautions state against poaching of lions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While shifting the Asiatic lions from critically endangered species category to endangered species in its Red List, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) at the same time has also cautioned the forest department against poaching threats to the species.The IUCN Red List report stated that the subpopulation of lions is increasing and is considered stable now in Gujarat. The number of lions is also reported to be spreading beyond the boundaries of the protected sanctuary of Gir to satellite townships.Taking note of the 2007 incidents of poaching, the report further added that constant monitoring is required to ensure that poaching levels do not increase. At least eight lions were poached in 2007. However, the IUCN red list has in its report stated that 34 animals were reported killed in 2007. A senior officer said that this was a very high figure as only eight lions were poached.However, experts say that this was a major achievement for the conservation efforts of the state government. Ravi Chellam, an expert on Lions, says, \"The species is dispersing outside the protected area, and the population is increasing. This was adequate to list the lion as endangered species from critically endangered.Y V Jhala, head of the department Animal Ecology and Conservation Biology, said \"The management's efforts towards the conservation of the species are planned with the intention to reduce the threat perception towards it. For the Asiatic lions, the success of conservation has not only led to increase in population of lions but has also increased the dispersal range of the animal. It is indeed a feather in the cap for the state that even the IUCN has also recognized its conservation efforts.\" He said that the next target of the state government should be to have the animal listed as a threatened species.Additional principal chief conservator of forest Dr H S Singh says, \"The lion as a whole is listed in vulnerable category. But it is good news for the state as the Asiatic lion was listed as endangered species.\" He said that not just the population was increasing, but the lions have formed six other satellite areas where the population is now stable. These include far off areas of the coastal region, Bhavnagar, Girnar and Miytala, among others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12449097", "title": "IITs want say in new test format", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institutes of Technology want a say in the new entrance examination that the Centre has proposed to replace the IIT-Joint Entrance Examination in 2013.While members of the senate of IIT-Kanpur and IIT-Delhi have written to the HRD ministry asking that their suggestions be taken into consideration, the IIT-Madras Faculty Association has sent its views to other IITs to express solidarity on the issue. Some of these academics say they understand the intentions for the change, but charge the ministry with rushing through with the change without considering the views of stakeholders.\"We were never consulted on the proposed change. We are for the inclusion of higher secondary marks in the admission process and feel that the marking formula proposed by the Indian Statistical Institute is fair. But why is the ministry in such a hurry to start the new test in 2013 without looking into the pros and cons?\" asked S K Das, president of the IIT-Madras Faculty Association. \"We agree the system must be modified and want to provide suggestions on how best to make the change. The ISEET proposal is sketchy and nothing has been documented. Whatever we know is through a presentation and from media,\" said chairman of the board of governors of IIT Kanpur M Anandakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12448380", "title": "Tatra owner Rishi no stranger to controversy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI's probe into Army chief General V K Singh's claim about attempts to bribe him would bring into sharp focus the role of NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, the majority owner of Tatra group.And, it would not be the first brush with controversy for Rishi, a London-based businessman, who owns a clutch of companies with interest in helicopters to truck manufacturing.The ministry of defence and defence PSU Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) will hand over all the files related to the Tatra vehicle contract to the CBI as the investigation agency begins probe. The files will contain the contract details between BEML, which supplies the vehicles to the Army, and Tatra Sipox UK that makes the vehicle.If retd Lt Gen Tejinder Singh had indeed offered the Rs 14-crore bribe to the Army chief for approving the Tatra vehicle purchase, it begs the questions: whose behalf he was working. Since BEML is a PSU, it wouldn't engage a middleman, as publically stated by its chairman. Hence, a plausible answer is that Tejinder was working on behalf of Tatra.The Army headquarters had on March 5 said in a statement that Tejinder \"has also offered bribe on behalf of Tatra and Vectra Limited, which supplies vehicles to BEML.\"Rishi had been the chairman of the Tatra supervisory board, and his Vectra group is the biggest stakeholder in the Tatra Holding s.r.o that owns Tatra a.s. The 150-year-old corporation has the oldest truck factories in the Czech Republic .It is not clear if the CBI would be interviewing Rishi to get to the bottom of Army chief's claims.Earlier, in 2007, the MoD had cancelled the $1billion contract for purchase of 197 light utility helicopters for the Army after allegations of wrongful influence on the procurement process emerged. In the eye of the storm was Global Vectra Group, which was accused of influencing the selection of Eurocopter for the deal. Global Vectra is an Indian supplier of Eurocopter helicopters. The allegations were later referred to the CVC on whose recommendation the entire deal was scrapped.However, the MoD never persuaded these allegations. Later, MoD sources admitted that they may have been tricked into cancelling the helicopter deal because there was no credible evidence to show that Global Vectra tried to influence the Army's selection.Vectra group has a chartered aircraft business in London , owns the largest chopper firm in India, is the biggest shareholder in Noida-based India Exposition Mart, besides running a thriving helicopter service operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447684", "title": "NGOs spent over Rs 1,300 crore on religious functions during 2005-10", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday informed the Rajya Sabha that over Rs 1,300 crore out of total Rs 39,578 crore received as foreign contribution by Indian NGOs in five years during 2005-10 had been spent on religious functions, publication of religious literature and education of priests and preachers.Responding to a question in the Upper House, the minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran said that a total of Rs 39,578.79 crore was received by thousands of NGOs across the country of which Rs 406.47 crore have been spent for organising various religious functions.Rs 182.44 crore has been spent for publication and distribution of religious literature while Rs 737.28 crore has been spent for setting up religious schools and education of priests and preachers, he said.The minister had last week informed the House that Rs 9914.19 crore foreign contribution was received by 21,365 NGOs in 2007-08, Rs 10987.05 crore by 22,544 NGOs in 2008-09 and Rs 10340.25 crore by 21,674 NGOs in 2009-10.Among the countries, USA continues to be the biggest donors for Indian NGOs with Germany, UK, Italy and Netherlands occupying top slot in this league for various social works including rural development, welfare of children, environmental programmes, AIDS awareness and construction and maintenance of school and colleges.The home ministry's data shows that the foreign contributions to voluntary organizations have, however, not only been coming from rich and developed countries alone. Countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Zambia, Congo and others had also donated fund to different organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447841", "title": "126 inmates jumped parole in 3 years", "text": "JAIPUR: Of the 5,500 jail inmates who were granted parole in the past three years, 126 are missing , minister of state for jails, Ram Kishore Saini told the assembly on Wednesday. The minister was answering a question raised by senior BJP legislator Kalicharan Saraf, who had sought details on inmates who have jumped parole.In his reply, Saini said: \"Of those granted parole, 17 were involved in criminal activities while on release,\" he said, adding that two officials from Ajmer had been suspended after irregularities surfaced in the process of granting parole to an inmate.Saraf demanded to know why action had been taken in only one case when there were 126 cases of inmates jumping parole. \"Nobody can be held responsible for an inmate's actions when he's on parole. Action against officials is initiated if there are irregularities in granting parole,\" said Saini.BJP chief whip Rajendra Rathore had sought details on the Navjeevan Yojna, a project to rehabilitate those involved in smuggling of liquor. Social justice &amp; empowerment minister Ashok Bairwa said that the project was implemented by the excise department in 2009-10 and 2010-11 and by his department since 2011-12. Under the project, the government had provided funds of over Rs 1.51 crore to 120 NGOs in the state. The minister said the directives to NGOs under the project were amended for the better and added that no liquor shops were located near educational or religious institutions.Speaking on the issue, BJP legislator Anita Bhadel talked about the problems faced by members of Sahasi community, who were trained as drivers under the project. \"As most of them have not cleared Class VIII, they have a learner's licence but not a permanent one. They often face police harassment and are forced to return to their old profession,\" she said. The minister assured that the needful would be done.Replying to a query raised by BJP legislator Abdul Sageer Khan about appointments of operators and assistant teachers for computer education in madarsas, minister of state for minority welfare Amin Khan assured the house that the recruitment would be finalised in a month.During the zero hour, BJP member Chandrakanta Meghwal raised the issue of an alleged custodial death of one Kishan Meghwal in Bikaner while suspended BJP MLA Hanuman Beniwal raised the issue of suicide by a former sarpanch Sujaram in Nagaur district, allegedly following harassment by a local official.Meghwal demanded a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for the victim's family, a government job for his wife and action against officials who were found guilty. Beniwal too demanded an investigation in the matter of suicide by a former sarpanch. Demanding a reply from the state government, Beniwal sat on a dharna in the well of the house and returned to his bench only after minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal agreed to give a statement.In both the cases, Virendra Beniwal assured a transparent and impartial investigation.He informed the house that the case of alleged custodial death in Bikaner is already under investigation by an IG-rank officer and that action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12449087", "title": "In West Bengal libraries, now read only what Didi\u2019s govt wants you to", "text": "KOLKATA: If you are a regular at one of the state's 3,000-odd libraries, you'll have to read only what the government wants you to - this is the latest diktat of the Mamata Banerjee government.The CM on Wednesday endorsed the library department's decision to buy only eight vernacular newspapers for readers and ban the rest - including all English dailies and the largest selling Bengali newspapers. Is it a coincidence that all eight newspapers \"selected\" - five Bengali, one Hindi and two Urdu - has a strong Trinamool Congress connect?The only newspapers you will find in Bengal's libraries now are Sangbad Pratidin, Sakalbela, Khabar 365 Din, Ekdin, Dainik Statesman, Sanmarg, Akhbar-E-Mashriq and Azad Hind. Among the mastheads that have been banned are The Times of India, The Economic Times, The Hindu, The Hindustan Times, The Telegraph, Anandabazar Patrika, Bartaman and Aajkal.The decision was taken by the department of mass education extension and library services two days ago, triggering outrage and disbelief among citizens. Reactions were initially muted as people wondered if it was true. On Wednesday, the CM gave her stamp of approval to the move. She asked Abdul Karim Chowdhury, minister of mass education extension and library services, to meet her at Writers' Buildings. Chowdhury took along department secretary Rinchen Tempo for the afternoon meeting. When they emerged after an hour, the media mobbed the minister and asked if the policy would be revoked.\"Why should we withdraw the circular? Whatever we do is following the government policy,\" he said, adding the CM had \"heard everything\" and told him that he had worked \"in accordance with the policy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12453387", "title": "Pak population increased by 46.9% between 1998 and 2011", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's population increased by 46.9 per cent between 1998 and 2011 while Balochistan province witnessed the highest increase in population and Punjab the lowest, according to the preliminary results of the country's latest census.Households witnessed an increase of 50.4 per cent since 2011 and the population increased from 130,857,717 in 1998 to 192,288,944 in 2011, The News daily quoted preliminary results as showing.The results did not include three districts of Balochistan, South Waziristan Agency and the regions of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.However, with the inclusion of the population of PoK and Gilgit-Baltistan, the population would touch 197,361,691 in 2011, as against 134,714,017 in 1998, marking an increase of 46.5 per cent.The highest increase in population was witnessed in Balochistan, followed by Sindh, the semi-autonomous tribal areas, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and the federal capital, while Punjab witnessed the lowest increase in population when compared to the three other provinces.In terms of percentage, the highest increase of 139. 3 per cent was witnessed in Balochistan (from 5,501,164 to 13,162,222), followed by Sindh, where the population increased by 81.5 per cent (from 30,439,893 to 55,245,497).The population of the Federally Administered Tribal areas increased by 62.1 per cent (from 2,746,490 to 4,452,913), Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa by 51.6 per cent (from 17,743,645 to 26,896,829), Islamabad by 43 per cent (from 805,235 to 1,151,868) while the population of Punjab witnessed the lowest increase of 24.1 per cent (from 73,621,290 to 91,379,615).The population of PoK increased by just 1.54 per cent from 2,972,501 in 1998 to 3,631,224 in 2001, whereas the population of Gilgit-Baltistan increased by 63. 1 per cent from 883,799 to 1,441,523.Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa accounted for 13.99 per cent of the total population of Pakistan in 2011, while 2.32 per cent live in the tribal areas, 47.52 per cent in Punjab, 28.73 per cent in Sindh, 6.85 per cent in Balochistan and 0.60 per cent in Islamabad.According to the data, the average household size has decreased from 6.9 in 1998 to 6.8 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12447166", "title": "Govt angry, but Army chief's dismissal over letter leak episode unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: A harried UPA government found itself in a bind on Wednesday over what to do with sullen Army chief Gen V K Singh after his letter to the prime minister highlighting major shortcomings in the country's defence preparedness found its way in the media.The leak of Singh's complaint about \"critical hollowness\" in the Army's operational capabilities was being seen by the government, according to sources, as an \"anti-national act\". Defence minister A K Antony almost said so in the Rajya Sabha: \"Publishing the contents of secret communications within the government cannot serve our national security.\"A tense Antony told the Rajya Sabha after an emergency huddle with the PM and other members of the Cabinet Committee on Security that \"appropriate action will be taken\". Still, the government was constrained not to precipitate matters with a general with a honest reputation, who also appears to be battle-ready.The leak, widely suspected to be the handiwork of sympathizers of the general, who has felt aggrieved after his request to get his date of birth revised was rejected, appears to have tested the government's patience. It comes on the heels of the controversy over the general's claim of a Rs 14-crore bribe offer to him from a retired general to facilitate the purchase of sub-standard trucks.The damning contents of the general's letter to the PM of March 12 triggered an uproar in the Rajya Sabha and left the government red-faced because the disclosure coincided with the arrival here of the heads of governments of China and other BRICS countries for a summit.But while the disclosure of the letter was seen as a hostile act, the government was constrained to tread carefully lest the feud with the Army chief snowballed into a politically embarrassing confrontation. As an irate opposition stalled the proceedings in the Rajya Sabha, PM Manmohan Singh rushed to discuss the unspooling scenario in an emergency huddle with his senior colleagues: finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , home minister P Chidambaram and Antony.Sources said that while the government leaders favoured keeping all options on the table, the dismissal of Gen Singh was not an immediate possibility. Cashiering a general who enjoys a rock-solid reputation for integrity, one who had proceeded against the black sheep in uniform in the Adarsh and Sukhna cases, could turn out to be a costly proposition, the leaders felt, especially when the government itself wasn't scoring high on the probity ratings.\"We have no doubt that the Army chief is acting on a personal agenda, looking to settle scores with the establishment that 'denied' him justice in the controversy over his actual date of birth. But we don't want to make a martyr out of him especially when he has styled himself as an honest soldier who has been humiliated by the government,\" said a source summing up the government's dilemma. Union minister Vyalar Ravi likened the leak to \"the action of a frustrated man\".But as the government could hardly allow the situation to just pass, it promptly asked the Intelligence Bureau to quietly ascertain the source of leak, but refrained from lodging an official complaint under the Official Secrets ActLeaders of non-Congress parties-Samajwadi Party's Ram Gopal Yadav , CPM's Sitaram Yechury and RLD's Lalu Prasad-called for the general's sack. The BJP took a nuanced position, resisting the temptation to gloat over the government's fresh discomfiture.The leak has alerted the government to the possibilities of more ambushes from the Army chief's camp, and it feels that it may have to look at the unpleasant option of asking him to go on leave in case there is no let-up in provocations. Gen Singh retires on May 31, and the chances of his camp striking again are rated high. One of them, retired Colonel R S N Singh, has been on record promising to make more disclosures.In fact, it was the anticipation of retaliation from the estranged chief that made the government name Lt Gen Bikram Singh as his successor three months before the incumbent's retirement. The practice has been to announce the appointment only two months before the chief's retirement.There has been only one instance of a military chief being dismissed for insubordination. In December 1998, Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat was sacked by the NDA government after a standoff over several issues, including who would appoint his deputy.Gen Singh's letter, sent to the PMO on March 12, details huge gaps in operational capabilities of the 1.13-million strong Army, ranging from obsolete air defence weapons and critical shortages of tank ammunition to woeful inadequacy of equipment with the infantry and special forces.Antony, however, assured the Rajya Sabha, where members cutting across party lines demanded action against the leak of the letter, that defence preparedness was strong. \"Successive governments have attached the highest priority to the defence preparedness of the nation. Our defence preparedness has always been strong and I can assure this House and the nation that it is our intention to keep it strong. Government has spared no effort, and will do everything necessary to ensure that our defence forces are provided, equipped and trained to be amongst the bet fighting forces in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448868", "title": "\u2018Police commissioner system need of the hour\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Congress party on Wednesday said that the growing crime rate in Madhya Pradesh can be checked by introducing police commissioner system in Bhopal and Indore.\"The state government too had felt the need of it, and therefore the Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had announced the commissioner system in Indore and Bhopal,\" said Congress party spokesperson Narendra Saluja. It was the right time for effective policing as crime rate was growing in the state, especially in Indore and Bhopal, he added.However, Saluja said the Minister for Industry Kailash Vijayawargiya has been reluctant on the introduction of this system. Vijayawargiya had earlier challenged that he would leave politics if the commissioner system was implemented in the state. \"Why is he reluctant towards the introduction of the commissionerate in Indore and Bhopal,\" Saluja said, adding the minister should come clean over it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448407", "title": "Jhankar Beats rocks PU campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's annual cultural fest 'Jhankar Beats 2012' kicked off on Wednesday in the law auditorium. Cultural dances were performed by the students and Punjabi singer Alfaz entertained the gathering. A large number of students danced to the tune of the popular song 'Saddi ma nu putt ni labne'.PU students brought with them their identity cards as outsiders were not allowed. Giddha, Bhangra and Himachali folk dance 'natti' stole the show.Student leader Sumit Goklaney said they worked hard and PUSU members were awarded for their contribution.Student of Economics first-year, Diksha Jagga, said, \"I am an ardent fan of Alfaz and to see him performing live was simply splendid.' Navjeet Aujia, who is a first-year law student, said, 'The foot-tapping music was amazing. We enjoyed a lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448466", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board on power diet for survival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Power regulations are back. From Monday, the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB), which was given a go-ahead by the Cabinet on Wednesday, will introduce 30-minute load shedding twice a day between 5am &amp; 9am and 6.30pm and 10.30pm.With the introduction of cyclic one-hour load shedding (30 minutes in the morning and evening), KSEB will be able to save 2 million units of power. In economic terms, this roughly translates into Rs 1.5 crore a day or Rs 45 crore a month. Apart from the half-an-hour capsules for domestic consumers, the KSEB wants industrial and commercial power consumers to limit their consumption to 80% of their present average monthly consumption.Since the cost of power from Kayamkulam NTPC is Rs 11 per unit, the board would charge the industrial and commercial consumers the same amount for the power consumed beyond the 80% mark.\"'The commercial and industrial consumers will be given a conditional option allowing them to draw the same unit of power they now use for a higher price for the excess usage,\" KSEB chairman T M Manoharan told TOI.\"These options are under serious consideration. But we will initiate the next step only if we fail to source more power from the central pool within a day or two,\" he added. The state government, meanwhile, has authorised the power minister and KSEB to take a suitable decision to find a solution to the power shortage. \"We are trying to get more power from the Centre,\" said CM Oommen Chandy. The CM said \"water level in dams is alarmingly low. Despite generous help from the Centre, there is acute power shortage. The situation is worse in other states\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448529", "title": "HC tells Travancore Devaswom Board to decide on fate of Mohanaru", "text": "KOCHI: The Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) should decide whether permission should be given to Kantararu Mohanaru to assist the chief priest in rituals at Sabarimala Lord Ayyappa Temple, the high court ruled on Wednesday.The directive by division bench of Justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and Justice C T Ravikumar was on a petition by chief priest Kantararu Maheswararu stating that his son, Mohanaru, should be allowed to help him in rituals in view of his ill health.The court is not interfering in the matter and the Devaswom Board should take a decision in this regard and inform the court by April 3, the division bench held.Mohanaru was prevented by the board from performing rituals in August 2009.The guards had stopped him at the northern gate of the temple based on a directive from Sabarimala executive officer V S Jayakumar following a decision by the Devaswom Board.The board's decision not to allow Mohanaru into the temple followed his alleged involvement in a blackmailing case and the Jayamala case of 2006.Mohanaru's name had figured in the tantri controversy, which the media had claimed involved politics, sex, and conspiracy.Allegedly, the tantri was photographed in a compromising position with a woman previously booked for immoral traffic at a flat owned by Sobha John, the main accused in several sex racket cases, in 2006.In the Jayamala case, the tantri was alleged to have conspired with others for facilitating the entry of the actress into the hilltop shrine, where, according to tradition, no fertile woman should visit.In the petition, the chief priest had stated that Mohanaru had held responsibilities related to rituals before and he should be allowed to take on the responsibilities in his absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449646", "title": "Cong, NCP back in the saddle at Shirdi temple", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday reconstituted the management of the Shri Saibaba Sansthan that runs the Shirdi Saibaba temple. Three members of the outgoing committee, including Congress MLA and trust chairman Jayant Sasane, have been reappointed.In the 15-member trust, Congress has six members and the NCP nine. Ahmednagar district NCP president Ghanshyam Shelar has been appointed vice-president, while agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil is a nominated member.\"I have served Baba and his devotees for seven and a half years, and I will do my best to serve them well for the Sai's centenary that is coming up in 2018,\" he said. A clairvoyant statement, given that his appointment has been renewed only for a term of three years until 2015. \"The infrastructure preparation will have to start now if we are to complete in time. We are setting our sights on the ambitious Rs 2,000-crore makeover for Shirdi.\"However, the trust's problems may be far from over as the high court is scheduled to hear another PIL filed by local resident Sanjay Kale on April 4. The PIL seeks a CBI inquiry into the alleged mismanagement of funds by the trust and makes 14 charges of corruption. The PIL has also opposed political appointees on the committee. \"Political appointees are not concerned with the welfare of devotees and are bothered with their constituencies,\" said Kale, who is arguing the matter himself before the court.On March 13, 2012, the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay HC had dissolved the trust and ordered the state to constitute a new committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12448926", "title": "(Ring)ing in growth", "text": "SURAT: With the state government approving Surat Urban Development Authority ( SUDA) for the construction of Outer Ring Road, the landscape and design of the city is bound to change in coming five years.This infrastructure development will see new roads of 29 km being developed within two years and this is expected to spur nearly 58 sq km (0.5 km on both the sides of the road) into a high residential zone development. This is expected to have a huge impact on the already upbeat realty market.If handled properly, it could lead to large-scale affordable housing projects and lead to mega growth.\"The city's look will be different in coming five years because the planned development will take place and people will have easy accessibility from one place to other,\" said Manoj Das, municipal commissioner.\"The market economy will work but affordable housing dream will be a reality in the city as more supply will lead to the reduction in the prices of land and houses,\" he said.Today, for middle-class or lower middle-class families it is almost impossible to buy a house as the rates are not less then Rs 3,000 to Rs 3,500 Rs per sq feet in majority of the areas.With this new chunk of land available, a little far from the city but well-connected, affordable houses are a real possibility as rates would range between Rs 1,200 to Rs 2,000 per sq feet.Leaving out a few already high-growth areas like Bharthana and Vesu, land is available at reasonable rates in other places like Neoal, Kosmada, Varacha packet villages and even villages before Olpad at Rs 10,000 per sq meter.\"It will prove to be a boon for the middle-class as large chunks of land of about 45,000 lakh sq meters will be available for development,\" said Naresh Agarwal, a builder.Bharat Shah of Sargam Group said, \"People's dream of affordable housing will be realized if the government marks this land for affordable housing development, gives it at a fixed rate to a developer and asks him to sell at a fixed reasonable rate.\" He added, \"This road will not only widen the periphery but also bring about a much needed horizontal development of the city.\"But, Velji Shota, president of Surat Builders association has a little different view. He said, \"There are no chances of rates coming down in this city. Yes, we will benefit by the ring road but this will not bring down the realty rates because when development takes place, rates get hiked automatically.\"Naresh Shah of Enn Enn Corporation said, \"The problem that we face here is that of lack of easy accessibility. Unlike Ahmadabad, where along with the Ring Road, inner approaches were open city has no approach roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12448827", "title": "Western TN welcomes setting up of cancer centre at CMCH", "text": "COIMBATORE: The budgetary promise to set up a regional cancer centre in Coimbatore with an initial outlay of Rs 15 crore has evoked positive response in the western region, especially since the existing regional centres are in Chennai and Kancheepuram, making it a long trip for city patients. The new centre will be more ideally situated for both western and southern regions.P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, said the incidence of cancer is on the rise as more cancer patients are registering at the hospital. The plan to have a regional cancer centre will provide immense relief to people, especially the economically weaker sections, who throng the government hospital for treatment.On an average, at least 10 new cases are registered at the government hospital every day. The incidence could be much higher, given that patients visit private hospitals too. Similarly, 50 cancer patients are seen at the hospital every day for treatment.Recently, a proposal was sent to the government to upgrade the facilities at the hospital, he said. Now the hospital has radiotherapy, chemotherapy, and surgical theatres, besides other facilities and once the new centre comes up it would provide additional facilities, he confirmed.Patients from Coimbatore, Tirupur, Ooty and Palakkad visit in large numbers inflicted with throat cancer, breast, uterus, blood and oesophageal cancer. Treatment requires huge funds and the regional centre would be a great relief for many families.T Balaji, heading the cancer department at the G Kuppasamy Naidu Memorial Hospital, said nearly 2,500 cancer cases were registered about five years ago. Last year alone, 4,000 cancer cases were registered, he added. He agreed that the government initiative would certainly be helpful for several cancer patients who could not afford private hospital services.\"We have been working towards making Coimbatore a hub for medical tourism and our efforts have paid off,\" said M Krishnan, president, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Krishnan said compared to Chennai and other districts, Coimbatore had the best doctors and hospital facilities to treat various diseases. The government effort to improve the infrastructure for the common man would only be a big boost to the district, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12448538", "title": "Gang facilitated foreign trip for many", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Majority of 720 persons, who were helped by a recently busted gang to get hold of visas on the basis of forged documents, have already reached abroad, even as the police were trying to locate the rest.The gang, which was busted with the arrest of seven persons on March 26 by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Chandigarh police, was expert in making fake bank statements (up to Rs 7 lakh), property papers, insurance policy (upto Rs 3 lakh), J-form ( agriculture receipt of crops) and even sponsorship letters.Money was never a constraint for the gang members as their 'clients', wanting tourist visas, were ready to shell out Rs 6 lakh to Rs 7 lakh to reach their dream destinations in America or in Europe.\"During investigation, the accused disclosed that at least 10 documents were required for tourists visas for the US and Canada and out of these only three documents -- passport, air-ticket and hotel booking - needed to be genuine and the rest could be easily forged to deceive authorities,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID), who is heading the SIT.\"They also have links in some private banks and we are probing it. Normally tourist visa fee is economical, but if someone is paying in lakhs then his intentions are clear; he is not going to return after the expiry of visa,\" said Joshi.Police have also arrested three persons, who had made a deal with the kingpin of this gang, Aman Bhalla, to get tourist visas. The trio included Jalandhar residents Balwinder Singh, 32, who had paid Rs 6 lakh for a UK visa and Gurdeep Singh, 28, who had paid Rs 8 lakh for a visa to UK, Italy or Canada, and Karnal resident Charan Singh, 40, who had paid Rs 2 lakh for a tourist visa to Canada.Joshi said that on the basis of the interrogation of the arrested accused they were expecting to arrest some more 'clients' and seize more forged documents. Police are also planning to approach embassies of some countries through Chandigarh administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447076", "title": "Desi netizens spend over 8 hours a day online: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: A new survey has revealed that internet users in India spend an average of 58 hours a week online; that's more than half the time they are awake. What's even more interesting is that half the netizens interviewed admitted that they suffered from internet withdrawal within the first three hours of being cut off from the web.\"Indians are spending 12.9 hours browsing, 9.7 hours socializing and 6.1 hours on email every week,\" said David Hall of Norton, the anti-virus company that conducted the survey.Of all activities, the respondents said they would miss doing work-related tasks the most if left without an internet connection. Social networking was the second most important task, while \"convenience of life\" activities like paying bills and shopping online came third. In fact, 83% of users said they couldn't live without the internet for more than 24 hours.According to Norton, the need to stay constantly connected is a new trend among Indian net surfers.Premium on privacyIn an almost fantastic finding, three out of four respondents to the survey said they would give up $1 million than grant a stranger full access to their computers.\"Indian netizens clearly place a high value on their personal information,\" said David Hall, Norton's senior product manager, Asia Pacific. He pointed out that 40% of India's online community had declared that they value their financial information the most, followed by 35% who place a premium on their online accounts, including email and social networks.The survey-conducted using a sample size of 500 respondents between the ages of 18 to 64 years-also concluded that Indian users own an average of 2.8 devices that are connected to the internet. \"While the people interviewed used multiple devices to be online, half of them had little or no understanding of online security solutions that are available to them,\" Hall said.And while 60% of users are content with basic security, the antivirus expert said it wasn't enough to protect them from the advanced malware and phishing attacks that their devices are exposed to on a daily basis.\"We advise people to change their passwords regularly. That's the least they can do to make sure their information is safe,\" he adds. \"As far as mobile devices are concerned, setting up password protection and software that can help you remotely lock your phone are two ways you can keep your private data protected.\"Internet Consumption*Hours spent online per week (average): 58 hours*No of internet-connected devices owned: 2.8/online IndianTop 3 Devices Owned1. Computers (92%)2. Mobile Phones (72%)3. TVs (39%)Top 3 Devices used (%) for Internet Access1. Computers: 90%2. Mobile Phones: 48%3. Tablets: 11%Average No of Hours Spent/Week1. Browsing: 12.9 hrs/week2. Socialising: 9.7 hrs/week3. Emails: 6.1 hrs/weekInternet Dependency (Online Indian Adults):83% said they couldn't live without the Internet for more than 24 hours49% said they would suffer from Internet withdrawal within the first 3 hoursThe top 3 online activities missed if denied the Internet1. Work related activities: 71%2. Connecting and socializing with friends &amp; family: 51%3. Convenience of everyday living: 43%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454558", "title": "Kavin Dave is Francois Pignon", "text": "Francois Pignon's name may ring no bells here, but it definitely makes French folk smile.He is after all, a character created by writer and filmmaker Francis Veber for much-loved films like The Dinner Game and L'emmerduer.'The idiot who everyone loves' first got a desi counterpart in Bharat Bhushan played by Vinay Pathak in Bheja Fry. In Bumboo, Kavin Dave dons Pignon's hat.Of the character, Veber says, \"Why Pignon? I do not know. But the fact is, he has made more room in my life than most real people. He was suicidal in L'emmerdeur, unlucky in The Goat and a con in The Dinner Game; however, he was always the same little man in the crowd, plunged into complex situations but succeeded in coming out of it.\"Says Jagdish, \"For Bumboo, we converted Francois Pignon to Suresh Sudhakar (or SuSu as his enemies call him). Kavin's transformation to SuSu has been amazing. He will make people forget the earlier avatars of Pignion in India. Kavin ne sabka bumboo kar diya.\"Parag Maniar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455995", "title": "Special episode featuring Kailash Kher", "text": "Tomorrow, March 30, Friday, BIG CBS SPARK will launch a new show titled 'The Great Gig in the Sky'.This show brings together nature activists, photographers and musicians who take off into the wilderness and pursue their passions collectively as a group. The musicians could even attract a small group of locals or tourists and even perform for them in the open spaces.Ryan Thomas is the man who is behind this 'big idea'. The show comprises as many as 13 escapades and has an impressive number of musicians who have agreed to be a part of it.The show that premieres on March 30 will be made even more memorable with the inclusion of Kailash Kher who is all set to perform his popular numbers. The 'Great Gig in the Sky' will provide a good platform to upcoming artists and even support and promote indie rock music and talents.The show will be aired at 9:00 p.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449712", "title": "Corporators see red over \u2018nexus with contractors\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A \"leaked\" internal circulated by the BMC's chief accountant (finance), which stated that corporators abetted malpractices carried out by contractors for ward level civil works, caused much hue and cry in the standing committee meeting on Wednesday. The civic administration, however, tried to scale down the debate, saying that the note was meant to improve the quality of work and not target corporators.Speaking to TOI, additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani said, \"The note was primarily meant for the administration. It should not have been leaked in such a manner. The aim of the note was to improve the quality of work taking place at the ground level. We did not mean to target any corporator.\"Chief accountant (finance) Ram Dhas had circulated the note last month, suggesting a policy decision to discontinue issuing civil works contracts (CWC) for minor works at the ward level for the next two years. According to him, largescale corruption was taking place at the ward level.Congress corporator and member of standing committee Sheetal Mhatre raised a point of objection about the letter. \"How can the CA, finance , make such comments? He should apologize to all corporators ,\" she said.Dhas, in the letter sent to the director (engineering services ), additional municipal commissioners and the municipal commissioner, said, \"Civil works contractors are working in particular wards since a long time and they manage to get huge lump sum provisions made in the budget estimates for their wards through corporators and other elected representatives and all such huge provisions are fully consumed during a financial year. On the other hand, though huge expenditure is seen incurred on such petty works, no visible results are seen.\"Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman, said, \"The finance department is also included in such suggestions . Just one person cannot be blamed.\"Yashodhar Phanse (Sena) said instead of blaming all corporators , Dhas should have made specific references.According to the note, contractors carrying out minor works at ward level are connive with local ward staff and corporators and get budget provisions made for works that are not necessary. The note suggests the system be stopped for two fiscal years as an experiment and all ward officers be asked to submit a list of priority works in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12449579", "title": "Across India, emperor of maladies kills 6 lakh a year", "text": "A study on cancer deaths in India has come up with some intriguing findings. The main collaborators-Mumbai's Tata Memorial Hospital and the Centre for Global Health Research-held a press meet to explain the nuances of the Million Death Study.Said Tata Memorial Centre's director Dr R Badwe, \"Existing cancer data in India was mainly about the disease's incidence that was drawn up from 24 cancer registries located in cities. The accuracy about mortality or deaths due to cancer wasn't clear.\" The Million Death Study maps how the Emperor of Maladies prevails and results in almost 6 lakh deaths annually.Seven out of every 10 deaths, it says, occurs among people who are in the 30-69 age group. Cancer is a disease of the aged in the West, which has a high prevalence of cancer and cancer-related deaths. \"In comparison to the West, deaths among Indian men is lower by 40% and among Indian women by 30%,\" said the study's co-author from University of Toronto, Dr Prabhat Jha. \"But cancer deaths in the West mainly occur in the 70-plus age group. More than half of the deaths is among this age group.\"India's uneven literacy patterns too is reflected in MDS. It shows that uneducated adults are two times more likely to die from cancer than the most educated ones. Doctors say that lack of education and awareness often led to poor or late detection. \"In India, the killer cancers are actually preventable. They are located in sites that are easy to detect-lump in the breast or small patches in the mouth,\" said Jha, adding that most deaths in the West are due to internal solid tumours that are relatively difficult to detect. Among uneducated men, the death rate was 106 per 1 lakh; and among uneducated women it was 107 per 1 lakh. In contrast, those with secondary and higher education had lower death rates-46 per 1 lakh in men and 43 per 1 lakh in women.MDS proved once again that tobacco is the single biggest common cause for cancer deaths. Cancers caused by tobacco use contributed to almost 1.2 lakh deaths in 2010 and was responsible for over 40% of male and nearly 20% of female cancers. Said Dr P C Gupta of NGO Healis, \"Wherever the habit of smoking and tobacco chewing is high, cancer deaths are higher. Look at Mizoram, which has high cancer deaths due to tobacco.\"MDS is one of the first populationbased health studies in India. Previous cancer estimates relied on data maintained by cancer centres that are mainly located in urban areas. \"As 70% of Indians live in rural areas, we thought it was time we got a better estimate,\" said Dr Jha.Some results were consistent with past studies. For instance, the most common cancer in men was oral cancer, followed by stomach and lung cancers. In women, the leading cancers were cervical, breast, and stomach. MDS shows significant differences along the urban-rural divide. Said Dr Rajesh Dikshit, Tata Memorial Hospital's epidemiology expert who is the main author of the study, \"It was often felt that cancer is more common among urban people than in rural areas. While this is true, we found that death rates were almost the same in both areas.\" Doctors said that detection and treatment is poor in rural areas.Said Dr Dikshit, \"While we have not studied the reasons for the lower incidence of cervical cancer among Muslim women, we believe this could be because of the practice of circumcision among Muslim men.\" Circumcision is known to reduce transmission of viruses such as HIV. \"The same could be the cause here,\" said Dr Dikshit.Additional chief secretary (public health) in the Maharashtra government , Dr J Banthia, who kick-started the MDS during his tenure as the Registrar General of India, said the Centre had allocated extra funds for noncommunicable diseases such as cancers . \"In Maharashtra, we have Tata Memorial Hospital doing screening for various cancers. We have laws to stop sale of cigarettes within 100 metres of schools. We need to implement them,\" he said, adding that many changes will take place in the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447717", "title": "RTO lenient on violators, say cops", "text": "NAGPUR: It's been almost three years since the transport commissioner issued orders to disqualify drivers and immediately cancel their licence if caught using mobile phones while driving. However, the RTO officials have failed to implement the orders. Despite receiving cases from traffic cops every month to cancel licence of violators, the RTO officials are yet to initiate any action against them.The transport commissioner, in its circular dated September 2, 2009, had clearly directed officials to immediately implement the orders and disqualify all drivers caught using their cell phone while driving. However, not a single case has been registered by the local RTO officials. Sources at traffic department informed that under relevant sections of the Motor Vehicles Act, traffic police has no powers to forfeit the licence and such powers rest with the RTO officials only.Deputy commissioner of police (Traffic), Jeevraj Dabhade claimed that the city traffic police department had already started implementing the rule strictly. A fine is impose against those caught talking over cell phone while driving. In just three months of 2012, almost 3,000 drivers (car and two-wheeler) had been caught and over Rs 3.50 lakh fine recovered from them.Dabhade said that traffic police had already launched a special drive to curb the cell phone menace as it is a huge distraction and cause accidents. Youths have been mostly involved in the accidents occurred in the recent past. \"At present, the traffic police under Motor Vehicle Act can seize the driver's licence and charge penalty for the offence up to Rs 1,000. The licence of such violators is then sent to the RTO for cancellation. Since January, almost 250 licences were sent to the RTO, but no action has been initiated as yet,\" Dabhade complained.Nagpur RTO Sarjerao Shelke said, \"Unlike traffic department, we don't have enough staffers to post at various spots. I am aware about the circular. Actions like suspension of licence for six months and then permanent cancellation can be initiated. However, the RTO (city) prosecution department has denied receiving a single case for suspension or cancellation till date.A senior traffic warden, requesting anonymity, insisted on the need to not only book drivers using cell phone while driving but also those who use hand-free kits to have uninterrupted talk while riding. Besides this, for the traffic police and the RTO need to education the general public about the hazards of using cell phone while driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12448852", "title": "HC seeks details of Ganga project", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking up a PIL relating to removal of pollution in the Ganga, the Allahabad High Court has directed the state government to file an affidavit detailing the project report on construction of Pakka Ghat in connection with Kumbh-2013 and also the details of grant of project or commissioning of the project.The PIL was heard by a bench of Justice Ashok Bhushan and Justice Arun Tandon.Advocate General S P Gupta submitted in the court that the decision of the state government in this regard shall be brought before the court by means of an affidavit with regard to the restoration of roads, where the sewage line is being drawn in the city of Allahabad, immediate action shall be taken.The Advocate General said that with regard to the restoration of roads, at least the main roads, be restored and details with regard to the restoration shall be brought on record by means of affidavit by the next date.Regarding the share of state government in the Kumbh Mela-2013, the AG submitted that this issue would again be looked into by the state government and appropriate measures be taken and appropriate funds be provided by the government itself.The court also directed the UP Pollution Control Board to continue inspecting all the sewage treatment plants and pumping stations and submit periodical reports.Also, the court directed the counsel of the Central government to file an affidavit by the next date regarding study of environmental flow, which was entrusted to a study group.The court directed to list this PIL on April 16 for next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448359", "title": "Speeding truck hits ambulance carrying elderly", "text": "MUMBAI: An ambulance carrying a senior citizen and two others was hit by a speeding truck at a junction on Western Express Highway at Vile Parle (E) early on Wednesday.Coutinho (60), who was facing asthma problem, was being taken to Cooper hospital by his relatives, Ronnei Mandosa (35) and Melvyn Almeida (32), in an ambulance when the incident took place. The three and the driver of the ambulance, Saifuddin Shahnawaz, sustained injuries in the accident.Shahnawaz said that he picked up Coutinho and his relatives from Chakala. He said that as it was an emergency case, he was driving the vehicle carefully and at normal speed.At a signal on the Western Express Highway, the ambulance almost crossed the junction when a speeding truck hit it. Passersby and police took the injured to a hospital.The Vile Parle police has arrested the truck driver for rash and negligent driving.Police said Coutinho is out of danger and recuperating. Mandosa and Almeida sustained head and chest injuries, said the police. Shahnawaz was discharged from the hospital after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12447888", "title": "5 more test positive for swine flu in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Five persons, three women and two men, tested positive for swine flu in different parts the state on Wednesday. With the increasing cases of H1N1 , the medical, health and family welfare department has geared up to vaccinate doctors and nursing staff against the influenza.\"Swine flu vaccines have been arranged for nursing staff and doctors. In two to three days, it will be transported to Jaipur,\" health director B R Meena said.The vaccines are being transported for the doctors and nursing staff only as are at constant risk of being infected with H1H1 influenza virus while treating the patients.On Wednesday, one swine flu case each were found Nagaur, Jodhpur, Jaisalmer and two in Bikaner. In Nagaur, a 50-year-old man was found infected with the virus. Source said he belonged to the same house in which a woman had died of swine flu 10 days ago.In Nagaur, three cases of swine flu were detected in the same house as a pregnant woman was also tested positive in the same house.The medical officials said as the first case of swine flu was detected in the house, they administered swine flu tablets but when their swabs were tested, they tested positive for the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "lajpat nagar", "code": "12448671", "title": "Her garden makes others green with envy", "text": "LAJPAT NAGAR: The colourful garden in Amrit Kaur's home in Lajpat Nagar brings in the spirit of joy and happiness. Friends rejoice on seeing the beautiful flowers fluttering and dancing in the cool breeze.Family and friends relax in the lap of nature and enjoy the fragrance and beauty of the flowers.Seasonal flowers delia, petunias and flocks are in full bloom and the cardinal flowers are the best of all. These will bloom till May.Amrit Kaur, who is a homemaker, says she is proud of the floral display. ''Everyone who visits my place praises my garden. The flowers amazed my friends on Monday and they preferred to sit in the garden rather than being inside the house. Friends visit my home almost every evening just to catch a glimpse of the lawn.'' Discussing how she maintains the garden, Amrit Kaur said, ''I am a nature lover and the brightly-coloured flowers please me. For many years, I had been looking after my garden and I spend hours during the flowering season.''Appreciating Amrit Kaur's garden, her friend Renu Vohra, a homemaker, said, ''There are so many varieties of flowers in her garden. My visit to her house daily fills me with joy.''Another homemaker Neeta Jain said the lawn is the best in the city. ''I have never seen such variety. It takes much efforts to look after the place. The flowers bring a smile on our faces,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12451204", "title": "Indians spend more time on Facebook, Twitter than on email: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians spend more time on social networking sites than on checking e-mails, a survey by an online software security company has found.The survey, commissioned by Norton, says an average Indian spends 9.7 hours a week on social networking sites like Facebook and chatting on other applets, while the same for email stands at a poor 6.1 applets.A whopping eight out of ten surveyed said they cannot do without the internet for more than 24 hours.The survey was conducted in February with over 500 respondents in the 18-64 age bracket who are active internet users. As many as 48 percent of the respondents were females.It showed online Indians spend an average of 8.4 hours a day or up to 58 hours a week online, which is more than half of their waking hours.General browsing tops the average hours spent with 12.9 hours, which is followed by social networking (9.7 hours), e-mails (6.1 hours), financial activities (4.7 hours) and uploading/downloading (2.9 hours), the added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449627", "title": "Artists question logic of shutting down exhibition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunil Gupta is \"trying not to react\" but it must be hard. An exhibition of his photographs-part of the Francophone festival at the Alliance Francaise-was closed by the institute a day after it opened on Friday , March 23. Gupta, photographer and gay rights' activist, is not sure why. There had been hints of trouble at the opening, says Gupta, when the police arrived and some photos were removed. The police, however, deny asking anyone to remove any pieces or disturb the exhibition.\"The police came in response to a complaint by an individual. They didn't demand anything of me personally . There was no big discussion about it. There was no argument,\" says Gupta. From what he gathered, the cops wanted some of the pieces to be removed and their request was complied with. But it is beyond him why the whole exhibition had to go.He says that a particular set of about 10 photos belonging to the \"Sun City\" series-one of three on display--that were shot in a bathhouse had raised concern. \"There were men in towels so lots of thighs and torsos but no genitals were showing,\" he says. The series has already travelled to Paris and San Francisco . In Paris it was displayed at Center Pompidou and, says Gupta, it was Alliance Francaise that, on the basis of the previous show, invited him to participate. As for reasoning with the institute, Gupta says \"that occasion never arose.\" He wasn't part of discussions that led to the decision to take his exhibition down. \"An individual is entitled to complain,\" says Gupta, \"It's what happens after that that's important to me as an artist.\"\"There were a few nudes from the back but absolutely nothing which is obscene, nothing pornographic or offensive ,\" says fellow photographer, Ram Rahman. Interestingly, policemen from the Tughlaq Road police station thought so too when they paid a visit. \"We didn't find anything objectionable over there at all,\" says SHO Madan Gopal emphatically, \"There are differences between the French and Indian cultures but even from the Indian perspective, there was nothing. Why should we ask them to take the exhibition off?\"\"Any gallery that asks an artist to do a show, has to have some responsibility to the artist,\" says photographer Ram Rahman. His organization, The Safdar Hashmi Memorial Trust (SAHMAT), released a statement signed by him, Geeta Kapur, Vivan Sundaram and Indira Chandrasekhar on Tuesday and sent it to AF too, demanding a statement that will clarify their stand. But, the institute is keeping silent on the matter. TOI's attempts to get their version, too, failed with one official refusing to comment and the director not replying to mails.\"This is something we have confronted before,\" says Rahman. In January , he had extended support to Balbir Krishan whose exhibition with homosexuality as theme had been vandalized and the artist himself assaulted. \"His paintings were a lot more direct, a lot more graphic than these photos. It is doubly shocking that a show like this had to be shut down,\" he says, \"And I think the French have to clarify to the artist community on what grounds they shut it down, how they decided and why.\"Times ViewThis incident highlights once again how intolerant we are becoming as a society. More disturbingly, the authorities seem far too willing to bend in the face of pressure from such intolerant groups. Nudes at a photographic exhibition are hardly new and certainly not an outrage. The fact that the photographer was forced to remove them was bad enough but to close down the entire exhibition smacks of weak-kneed capitulation to bullies. The law and order authorities need to know what's 'obscene' or 'vulgar' are contextually determined. What might seem unacceptable in a public place can be perfectly acceptable in a more exclusive locale like a photo exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12448591", "title": "One dies in cracker unit fire at Vellayani Devi temple", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: One of the injured in the cracker unit mishap at Vellayani Devi Temple died on Wednesday. The deceased was identified as Velappan Achari, 65, of Vellayani. He was undergoing treatment in a private hospital in the city after suffering burns in the cracker unit mishap that took place on Sunday. As many as five persons were injured in the cracker unit explosion during the Vedi Vazhipad ritual in connection with the annual Pongala festival at the temple. tnnThe injured included Velappan Achari and 22 year old Vishnu of Karakkamandapam had suffered major burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12447990", "title": "One held for illegal stone quarrying", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police on Wednesday arrested one person in connection with illegal stone quarrying in an area marked for the sports city at Dhargalim.Vivek Pawar, an official of the sports authority of Goa (SAG), has complained that illegal stone quarrying was going on in the area.Pernem mamlatdar Satish Dessai and Pernem police inspector C L Patil, along with SAG officials, raided the site on Wednesday and found that stone quarrying activity was going on at the site.Police later attached four trucks, one JCB and some stones. They arrested Robert Pinto, resident of Bade-Anjuna, in this connection. Further investigations are in progress under the supervision of PI Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12448567", "title": "Budget estimates indicate dip in revenue", "text": "KOCHI: Despite tall claims made in the corporation budget to augment the local body's revenue sources, it indicates a dip in the revenue estimate for 2012-13.The budget has projected a decrease of Rs 106.87 crore in revenue estimates compared to the previous years' estimate figure. While the corporation projected an income of Rs 757.73 crore for the 2012-13 fiscal, the estimate for 2011-12 stood at Rs 864.60 crore.Speaking on the dip in revenue, opposition leader, K J Jacob said that the corporation did not present a budget based on actual income and expenditure.\"There is a difference of Rs 548.52 crore between the estimated amount and actual revenue (revised budget) of Rs 316.08 crore for 2011-12.The corporation is bound to provide reasons for this huge variation between expected and actual figures,\" he said.Though there is a decrease in the estimate for expenditure, it has projected an increase of Rs 1.5 crore in surplus for the next fiscal. The total estimate on expenditure has gone down to Rs 731.93 crore from Rs 841.23 crore projected in the previous budget. The budget has indicated a surplus of Rs 16.7 crore against the previous budget's Rs 15.2 crore.Meanwhile, the actual expenditure and surplus for the year 2011-12 stood at Rs 294.99 crore and Rs 14.05 crore respectively.The opposition pointed out that many projects that have been declared in the budget were announced earlier. The proposals like Cochin regional masterplan, e-governance, united metropolitan transport authority (UMTA), city development plan were announced in the previous budgets.\"A master plan for the city was prepared earlier, but now corporation has come up with a new proposal to draft another master plan. They have allocated Rs 35 lakhs for the purpose. It is because of the inefficiency of the agencies which drafted the city development that the corporation is forced to make a new plan. They had to set aside Rs 3 crore for the purpose,\" he said.Though it has been declared that projects like IT hub at Kacheripady, Cochin Trade Centre, tourism facility centre at Parvana, commercial complex at Padiyathukulam, multiplex in West Kochi will be undertaken on a PPP basis, the corporation has failed to allocate funds or provide further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449429", "title": "Cops claim to crack double murder, arrest 4", "text": "KANPUR: The police claimed to have cracked a murder-cum-loot case in which a truck driver and cleaner were found brutally murdered near Arra village under Naubasta police station limits on March 25, 2010. According to police, the crime was committed for a consignment of gram worth Rs 35 lakh loaded on the truck number UP-78 AN 7715.The police arrested four persons - Rashid alias Rajbeer of Tilak Nagar, Dadhwa Jalaun, Lalla Tewari of Katherua Bidhnoo, Akhilesh alias Bauwa Singh of Naubasta and Dheeru Shukla alias Rahul Shukla of Rajendra Nagar (Naubasta). They were arrested from Hamirpur Road near Satya Eye Hospital in Naubasta on Tuesday night.The four accused include son of a police constable. According to police, Akhilesh alias Bauwa, the accused, is the son of police constable Gajendra Singh posted in Ramabai Nagar district. Police further informed that Rashid and his aides befriended truck driver Rajesh Pal and Zakir and offered food mixed with poison at a dhaba. They had crushed the bodies in order to give it the colour of a road accident, police added.The police said they arrested the four accused and recovered the looted truck from an isolated plot following a tip-off. As the truck had developed a snag, the accused had parked it in a vacant plot and were trying to escape after getting it repaired. DIG Amitabh Yash said that the accused had taken a lift on the gram-laden truck somewhere between Jai Hind 'Dharamkanta' and Koylanagar Mangla Vihar in Chakeri area. \"The truck was stopped near Arra village. After truck driver Rajesh Pal (25) and cleaner Zakir Khan (22) dozed off, the accused crushed the two to death,\" said DIG Amitabh Yash.Later, they dumped the bodies on either side of the road and moved towards Hamirpur Road where the truck developed a snag after it rammed into a roadside electricity pole, he added. Truck driver Rajesh Pal and cleaner Zakir Khan, both were natives of Akodi village in Bhognipur area of Ramabainagar district.Pal had got married only 10 months back while Khan was the only son of his parents. The DIG further said, \"Two receipts of 'dharamkanta', one goods permit, insurance and fitness papers, a couple of wallets, cellphones, small pocket sized diaries, Rs 400 cash possibly belonging to the deceased, and three motorcycles were recovered from their possession.\"According to the police, the accused were planning to sell off the looted goods in different districts. Investigating officer Vipin Kumar Rai said the arrested persons, who have confessed to committing the murders, wanted to earn quick money. They had made a plan to target trucks loaded with valuable consignments, particularly items which could be easily sold off in retail or wholesale markets without inviting suspicion of foul play.\"We suspect that they were involved in many similar robberies that have occurred in and around the district in the past few months,\" a police source said. A case has been registered under sections 394, 302 and 201 of Indian Penal Code against the accused at Chakeri police station. \"The arrest of the four is an important breakthrough for us,\" Rai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12449981", "title": "Two new waste treatment plants next year", "text": "GURGAON: To recycle used water and reduce the usage of groundwater, HUDA has decided to construct two more sewage treatment plants by year 2013. The department has allotted a tender of Rs 177.53 crore to two companies which will start the groundwork at the plant starting next month. Both plants will be of 220MLD (million litres per day) capacity for which the department has asked these companies to complete the project in one year.According to the engineers with HUDA, the decision has been taken to save the Yamuna from getting polluted and recycle the sewage water. The two plants will be set up at Behrampur and Dhanwapaur and are to start functioning soon.At present, there are two STPs constructed by HUDA in Dhanwapur and Behrampur with capacity of 68MLD and 50MLD respectively and after the construction of two more plants, the capacity would increase to 338MLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12449686", "title": "Katara killer\u2019s outing on Diwali: Two cops suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: The state government on Wednesday informed the Delhi High Court it has suspended two policemen, who allowed Nitish Katara murder convict Vikas Yadav to move out of his hospital ward on Diwali last year. The government said it has launched an inquiry against them. Appearing for Delhi Police, special public prosecutor Dayan Krishnan conveyed the development to a bench of justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali.The state's action came after Neelam Katara, mother of the deceased, alleged that Vikas had been allowed to leave AIIMS hospital on the night of Diwali where he had been admitted for medical treatment. Referring to the AIIMS medical records of March Katara alleged that Vikas was not in his room on the night of October 26, 2011 and had sought CBI inquiry into the incident.Katara's counsel PK Dey had said that Vikas had left the hospital at 8.30pm and returned the next morning but the nurse on duty was not informed about these developments either by the patient or the policemen who were supposed to guard the prisoner patient. Meanwhile the state also submitted reports regarding Vikas and his cousin Vishal's visits to various hospitals and admitted the government had incurred a cost of around Rs 20 lakh to guard both the convicts from September 2009 to February 2012 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12449730", "title": "Sound of music spurs students to climb stairs", "text": "MUMBAI: A nondescript staircase at the Somaiya Institute of Engineering in Vidyavihar has been drawing students by the hordes since the past two days. The common steps leading to the first floor have been redesigned to look like the keys of a pianoin white and black-and interestingly, as you climb, they emit the sound of music.Students of the Research Innovation Incubation Design Lab ( RIIDL) of Somaiya College have devised a musical stairway in order to encourage their peers and the faculty to take the stairs rather than the elevators.Hiren Patel, who was part of the initiative, says they were motivated by a campaign conducted by an international car manufacturer. \"The company wished to encourage people to take the staircase rather than the lift and decided to make its staircase interactive so that people would enjoy the experience of climbing. We have replicated that effort,\" he says.Former engineering student Gaurang Shetty, who devised the contraption, said it took nothing more fancy than aluminum foil that is used to wrap food, acrylic sheets and a Casio keyboard. \"The motor company had used far more expensive stuff. We also have around a hundred tunes that you can play on the stairway. Students who are trying it out tend to linger on each step for seconds longer just to enjoy listening to one note,\" he laughs.He has installed a motion effect software screen at the head of the staircase. \"People can see quirky mirror effects as they move. Either the image shows they are on fire or they resemble cartoon characters,\" he laughs. \"If 10 students are climbing, you will see 10 people on fire.\"It may be merely a fun exercise for now but the students see potential in the innovation. \"We plan to approach children's hospitals to replicate this model. But we will have to make sure the patients are not disturbed. It can be done with some funding,\" says Patel.Somaiya College's principal in-charge Prof Anil Thosar is concerned that the open circuitry must be monitored continuously. \"In a college , one can never be too careful against mischief,\" he says. \"Otherwise, it is a wonderful invention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12448222", "title": "Devotees turn to the web for help", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Anxious devotees of Lord Ganesha in Diveagar, Raigad district, have created a page on a social networking site to appeal to God to \"come home\", after the recent burglary of the gold idol from a temple.Last Saturday, two unidentified robbers had broken into the temple at Diveagar and stolen the 1.5 kg gold idol. They had also assaulted the two temple guards inside-one of whom, Mahadev Ghadasi (73), succumbed to his injuries.\"O Lord Ganesha! Please come back to us at Diveagar quickly,\" appealed one of the devotees on the Facebook page. Another local reassured in Marathi that the Lord (Ganesha) will certainly come back to his followers in Diveagar.\"The gold idol of Lord Ganpati was very popular at Diveagar ever since it was first found under the earth in 1997. So we are all very shocked and are fervently praying and also requesting the police to nab the culprits at the earliest,\" said Bharat Ranjankar, secretary of Raigad Press Club.Ranjankar added that the citizens are also distributing pamphlets and text messages regarding the crime.Raigad superintendent of police, R D Shinde, told TOI, \"We have formed multiple police teams to detect this robbery-cum-murder case. Hopefully, it will not take long to crack it.''The Shiv Sena has called for a Raigad bandh on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12448905", "title": "Sub-engineer caught accepting bribe", "text": "INDORE: Special Police Establishment Lokayukta on Wednesday caught an IMC sub-engineer Chandrakant Kumawat while he was allegedly taking bribe of Rs 12,000 from a civil contractor for evaluation of a road work.He was posted in zone 6. DSP (Lokayukta) Ashok Solanki said Abhishek Bajpayee had lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta that Kumawat was demanding bribe to evaluate the work of 275-metre cemented road constructed near Shyam Nagar. As per the complaint, the sub-engineer was asking for Rs 50,000 bribe to issue evaluation certificate for the 275-metre cemented road which was handed over to the IMC last year.After the evaluation, Kumawat had called Abhishek to one of his friends' house in Kalani Nagar.\"Suspecting that Kumawat had called him for taking bribe, we laid a trap, said the DSP, adding the complainant was handed over the currency sprinkled with chemical to register the finger prints of the accused.Accordingly, when Abhishek went there, Kumawat demanded for Rs 12,000 for evaluating the cement road, said the DSP adding that the IMC official was caught red-handed while he was taking the bribe. The IMC official was arrested and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12449409", "title": "One sent to jail for forcing youth to commit suicide", "text": "KANPUR: The additional chief metropolitan magistrate (VIII) of Kanpur Nagar on Wednesday took one Parul alias Prashant Tiwari under judicial custody and sent him to jail. The police had arrested Prashant for forcing one Ankit Yadav of Bhauti to commit suicide. According to police record, Prashant, a resident of Bhauti, is the district general secretary of Samajwadi Party's Youth Brigade. He used to collect 'goonda tax' from private carriers.On March 20, 2012, Prashant had demanded Rs 300 as goonda tax from one Ankit Yadav (16) who was driving a private van. He thrashed Ankit when he refused to pay the tax claiming that the passengers in his van were his relatives. Ankit felt humiliated and committed suicide by hanging himself from a neem tree.In his suicide note, Ankit had mentioned that Parul had thrashed him for not paying goonda tax. He could not tolerate his humiliation, so he was committing suicide. He mentioned that Prashant be held responsible for his death. His death had sparked off violence as villagers blocked the road and also ransacked and set the ice cream factory and hotel of Prashant Yadav on fire.Youth gets 8 yrs RI for raping minor girlKanpur: The additional district and sessions judge (V) of Ramabai Nagar, Navneet Kumar, on Wednesday convicted one youth, Dhruv, for raping a minor girl and sentenced him to eight years of rigorous imprisonment. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on the convict.Dhruv, a resident of Purva village in Akbarpur police circle, had caught a minor girl of the village on October 29, 2008, in a field and physically exploited her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12448433", "title": "2 held just after picking bizman\u2019s pocket in bus", "text": "MUMBAI: Minutes after they stole Rs 90,000 from a businessman travelling in a BEST bus, two pickpockets were arrested by a traffic constable. Their third partner, however, managed to flee the scene.The incident unfolded around Wednesday noon in a bus that was going from Crawford market towards Byculla. The businessman, Mahadev Rokade, was going to his office in Mazgaon. He was carrying a bag containing Rs.1.5 lakh cash. Rokade told the police that somewhere near Bhindi Bazaar, he felt that his bag was lighter and discovered that the money was missing. He immediately alerted the bus driver, who stopped the bus and did not allow any passenger to disembark.Then, a traffic constable on duty came aboard and searched all the passengers. Shahnawaz Sheikh and Dawood Khan were arrested after the money was found on them. They said they had a blade with which slashed the bag and stole the money.\"The accused have been arrested and booked for pick-pocketing and common intent. We are looking for their third aide. They are Govandi residents and will be produced in court on Thursday,\" said inspector F Bagwan, Pydhonie police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12447686", "title": "5 kids, 2 women rescued from building on fire", "text": "NAGPUR: Fire fighters rescued five children and two women from a three-storeyed building engulfed by fire on Wednesday morning near Gandhigate in Mahal. The building, including houses of two families and a perfume shop and godown, was completely gutted in the fire.The cause of fire in being investigated, but fire department officials suspect a short circuit caused the fire. There was a perfume shop on the first floor with godown on the ground floor of the building. Brothers Shakeel and Shameem Ansari, who owned the shop, and their families resided on the second and third floor respectively.The solvents in the perfume bottles led to the flames devouring all three floors. Besides the perfume shop and material in the godown, all household goods of both families were turned into ashes.The incident occurred around 10.30am when Shameem and Shakeel had gone out for some work.The fire department was alerted by neighbours who heard the screams of the five children and Shakeel's wife Shagufta and Shameem's wife Malika, trapped inside the building. Six fire tenders reached the spot within minutes.The kids and women were rescued by firemen who used ladders to bring them out of the building. The raging fire was brought under control in two hours. The Ansari brothers claimed a loss of more than Rs four lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12447931", "title": "CBI gives clean chit to Rane Junior in shooting case", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has given a clean chit to Nitesh Rane, son of state industries minister Narayan Rane , in an attempt to murder case registered against him in 2010. Chintu Shaikh, a former member of Nitesh's Swabhimaan Sanghatana, had accused Rane Jr of opening fire at him inside the organization's office in Khar. Shaikh had alleged that Nitesh fired at him twice and one of the bullets grazed his cheek.On Monday, the CBI filed a closure report in the magistrate court in case. In the report, the CBI said there were no eyewitnesses to the alleged shooting incident.A senior CBI officer said, \"The court is still to take cognizance of the report.\"\"The court can either accept the CBI's findings or frame charges on its own. It can also order further investigation,\" said the officer. \"Medical reports have concluded that Shaikh's injuries were not caused due to the alleged shooting. The ballistic investigation, too, does not support his claims.\"Speaking to TOI, Nitesh said, \"Until and unless the court finalizes the report and gives me a clean chit, I would not like to make a statement.\"The matter will be heard by the court on April 21.It was Shaikh's allegation that on September 23, 2010, he went to the Sanghatana's office with a box of sweets to celebrate the birth of a child. He went into Nitesh's cabin where the latter was sitting with his personal assistant and a businessman friend. Shaikh alleged that he offered them sweets and bent down to touch Nitesh's feet when the Rane scion alleged hit him. According to Shaikh, Nitesh was annoyed because he had suffered losses in business and Shaikh' s celebrations made him livid. He alleged that while others started assaulting him, Nitesh fired two rounds at him. One of the bullets allegedly grazed his cheek following which he fled and admitted himself to a hospital in Powai.The Khar police had booked Nitesh and his two aides for under sections 307 attempt to murder and under various sections of the Indian Penal Code , 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC and various sections of as well as the Arms Act. He was however not arrested in the case.In March 2011, following Shaikh's petition claiming that the police were trying to shield Nitesh, the Bombay high court transferred the case to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "purnia/saharsa", "code": "12448226", "title": "Quake hits parts of Purnia, Kosi divisions", "text": "PURNIA/SAHARSA: Earthquake shook several parts of Purnia and Kosi divisions in Bihar at 5.10 am on Wednesday. Measured 5 on the Richter scale, the quake had its epicenter about 65 km away from the Bihar-Nepal border in Nepal . The intensity of the tremors were relatively higher in Kishanganj, though there was no report of any casualty or loss of property, official sources said.The early morning tremors, although mild in nature, shook people out of their beds with many rushing out of their houses in fear. \"I heard the clanging of utensils. The bed shook while I was in deep slumber this morning,\" said Safal Modi in Kishanganj.Mild tremors were also felt in Saharsa, Madhepura and Supaul districts (falling under Kosi division) as well, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12447231", "title": "Cash boy on ATM duty makes off with Rs 15 lakh", "text": "HYDERABAD: An employee of a private security agency, tasked with loading of cash in ATMs, escaped with Rs 15 lakh in Madhapur on Tuesday.On Tuesday morning, police said G Prabhakar, working as a cash boy with Writers Safeguard Private Limited, along with his colleague Karunakar, security guard Ravindar Reddy and driver Shiva Kumar started off from their office in Balanagar to check cash status at 17 ATMs and load cash in three money dispensing machines in Madhapur.The team first went to Inorbit mall in Madhapur. Karunakar went inside the mall to check cash available at the Citibank ATM. Prabhakar was waiting inside the vehicle along with the driver and security guard. After a few minutes, Prabhakar pretended as if he had received a phone call from Karunakar asking him to bring Rs 15 lakh to load in the ATM and quickly walked into the mall with the cash bag, Madhapur sub-inspector (SI) G Suresh said.As it was a routine practice, the security guard did not suspect him, but instead of going to the ATM, Prabhakar walked across the mall and exited the building from the other side.The fraud came to light when Karunakar returned to the vehicle after five minutes. In the afternoon, a complaint was lodged with the Madhapur police and a case was booked against Prabhakar under Section 381 (theft by servant or clerk) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Police said Prabhakar had joined Writers Safeguard 20 days ago and the residential address details he had furnished were found to be false. A manhunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12448410", "title": "More water cuts likely in city", "text": "PUNE: Puneites are likely to face nearly 15% more water cuts in the near future, as the irrigation department on Wednesday made it clear that only 3 TMC will be made available for the city to meet the drinking water requirements till July 15. Currently, the city is facing 10% water cut, which is expected to go up to 25%.Officials of the irrigation department and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), who met on Wednesday to take stock of the availability, said 4 TMC water was made available for the city for the period between March 1 and July 15. Out of that, 1 TMC was used in March.A civic official said that the city on an average used 1.25 TMC water per month. \"Had we continued to use the same quantity, the available water would have lasted only till mid June. But since March 1, we have enforced 10% water cuts and monthly water usage has been reduced to 1 TMC. If we are to continue at this rate, the 3 TMC water will be exhausted by June 30. However, we have to make it last till July 15 at least\", he said.\"We have already taken measures to deal with the shortage by reducing the daily intake of water from 1,250 MLD to 1,150 MLD,\" a senior official from water department told TOI. \"Earlier, the irrigation department had asked us to reduce it to 900 MLD but we opposed it. However, now we will have to consider the option of reducing the intake further to 1,000 MLD, which means that water cut percentage will increase to 25% from from the existing 10%,\" he said.When asked the date from which the additional water cuts will be enforced, V G Kulkarni, head of the PMC's water supply department, said, \"We will hold a meeting soon and take a call on the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454242", "title": "I'm too busy to mingle: Prachi Desai", "text": "Prachi Desai sheds her girl-next-door image for a sexy new avatar in upcoming filmsTV actress-turned-B-Town babe Prachi Desai has not achieved the popularity expected from her in Bollywood , in spite of successful films like Rock On!! and Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. The actress, known for her virginal image, has decided to shed her simple avatar for something completely different. A chat with Prachi on her bold new look.After the success of Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai and Rock On!!, one expected you to sign many films. You signed only two: Bol Bachchan and I Me Aur Main. What went wrong? I wanted to focus on roles that were suited to my age. OUATIM won me several awards, so I felt I could try something new and fun, having proved that I can act. Most of the roles offered to me were serious, but in I Me Aur Main I play a bohemian girl, which I have never done before. Bol Bachchan is an out-and-out comedy with some rocking action. I'm open to all kinds of roles. I don't know why people have notions about me not being open to bold roles.Apparently, you refused to kiss John Abraham in I Me Aur Main and are strictly against lovemaking and kissing scenes in films? It's rubbish! Just wait for the film to release. People will be shocked to see me in a whole new light. And when have I said I won't kiss on screen? Bol Bachchan and I Me Aur Main are in complete contrast with each other. I'm glad I'm playing two completely different roles this year.Do you feel one needs to have a godfather or boyfriend in this industry to get good films?Having a godfather, daddy or friend in the industry definitely helps, but everyone's work speaks for itself. I'm here to write my own story too. I am very happy with what I have achieved today. I had no expectations when TV happened, and then Rock On!!! came my way, which is any newcomer's dream. Then I got OUATIM. I won six awards for it. That's a huge achievement. It's more than I expected, and I'd like to achieve much more. I still haven't got the Best Actress award!There have been rumours of a rift between you and your close friend Ekta Kapoor. People say you were upset that she hadn't signed you for a new film. It's just speculation. My friendship with anybody is personal, not professional. I'm happy with the films I'm doing. These were the roles I was waiting for. Ekta's doing fantastically well. I loved The Dirty Picture. We need more producers to make films like that.On the personal front, there were rumours that you were dating your Kasam Se co-star Vishal Singh. What the story? That's so dated. I've heard of three other link-ups since that!Are you single and ready to mingle? I am single, but too busy to mingle! My love for films has consumed my time and mind space.Are your parents looking for a suitable boy for you? I'm really not the type to settle down with someone my parents find me, as much as they'd like to try. I'm fully dedicated to my work for the next 10 years... more films, more awards. No marriage for me till then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-29"}
