{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15306613", "title": "Microsoft replaces Hotmail by Outlook.com", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Hotmail no longer the 'hottest' email service in the town, Microsoft has launched Outlook.com, a new web mail service, to take on Google's extremely popular Gmail . The new email service comes with \"virtually unlimited\" storage and integrates Skype , the popular video chat service that Microsoft bought last year.Just like other email services, Outlook.com too will serve advertisements to users. Though Microsoft is saying there would not be display advertisements. This seems to be in response to the complaints from people who use Hotmail, which serves banner advertisements.Incidentally, Outlook is the name of the native email client that Microsoft has bundled with Windows operating software for years. Microsoft claims that Outlook is world's most used desktop email client.Chris Jones, Microsoft's corporate vice president of Windows Live services, said that Outlook.com is available to users in preview form from today. \"It offers the first major improvement to cloud mail in eight years,\" he said. \"We think the time is right to re-imagine personal email, from the datacenter to the user experience.\"Currently all Hotmail or Microsoft Live users can log into Outlook.com using their existing ids. Microsoft said that for now, Hotmail would continue to be available.\"Hotmail users can upgrade to Outlook.com and will get the new user experience but will continue to send/receive mail from their @hotmail.com address. Hotmail users that upgrade will use the same username/password to login; all their mail, contacts, and calendar items will still be available in the new user interface. Sometime in the future, we'll upgrade all Hotmail users to the new Outlook.com user interface,\" the company said.Outlook.com has been designed using Microsoft's Metro users interface. \"The fresh, clean user interface gets the clutter out of a user's way. The header has 60% fewer pixels and there are 30% more messages visible in inbox than the webmail most people are used to. And there are no display ads or large search boxes that take up extra space,\" said Jones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300529", "title": "DTE shielding the powerful in bogus marksheet scam?", "text": "NAGPUR: The fake marksheet/document scam related to engineering admission recently unearthed by the Nagpur cops is getting murkier by the day. Sources revealed Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) was under tremendous pressure from politicians for not taking action against erring engineering colleges where large-scale irregularities related to the scam were found.Sources informed joint director of technical education's office had issued notices to as many as nine colleges designated as Application Receipt Centres (ARCs) after irregularities, including fake marksheets and documents, were found in applications routed through them. However, action was taken against only four of them - Nuva College of Engineering, Anjuman College of Engineering, Radhikatai Pandav College of Engineering and Tulsiram Gaikwad Patil College of Engineering.Even as joint director Gulab Thakre confirmed that notices were served to nine colleges, he refused to name them stating it was confidential. \"Only minor discrepancies were found in their papers, so there is no point in naming them,\" he said. He however categorically denied all allegations. Technical education director Subhash Mahajan too said no further action would be taken against the colleges beyond taking away their ARC status. He cited police investigations as reason for not taking action. Sources said it clearly proved DTE officials were under political pressure to go easy on scamsters.A senior official who had investigated the affair made startling revelation that erring colleges followed unethical practices and even harassed students forcing them to take admissions with them. \"Cut-throat competition is leading them to flout norms. They know authorities would not act against them due to their political connections. However, it is a big loss to overall engineering faculty, especially in Nagpur University, that is already rocked by many scams,\" he said adding that such colleges should have been heavily penalized and even their admissions should have been stopped for being a part of interstate racket.After scam came to fore, DTE had deputed 19 teams to conduct an investigation in over 20 ARCs. Irregularities were found in collection of marksheets, transfer, character, migrant, caste validity and leaving certificates submitted by these nine colleges. After initial breakthrough that led to arrest of 14 persons including 10 students, even police investigations are not progressing much.The interstate bogus marksheet racket was managed by Gokulpeth-based RS Academy through mastermind Rohan Kumar Singh who allegedly prepared fake admission and registration cards, marksheets, school leaving certificates and other documents on the basis of which students were admitted to a number of private engineering and medical colleges in streams like BTech, MTech, MBBS, BPharm, MPharm, BBA, MBA and MCA. Thousands of students are believed to have taken admissions this way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301245", "title": "21-year-old leaps from Dwarka flyover, critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 21-year-old woman is critical after attempting suicide by jumping from the Dwarka flyover in southwest Delhi's Palam area. It is unclear why she took the step. Sources said the woman was depressed as her family had arranged her marriage, but she was not ready for it.Police said they received a call around 5.30pm informing them about the suicide bid. The victim has sustained multiple injuries and is undergoing treatment at Divya Nursing Home in Dwarka. Witnesses said the woman was standing on the flyover and talking to someone on phone. \"A few minutes later, she climbed the railing of the flyover and jumped off,\" said a police officer.The girl stays Sadh Nagar in Palam Colony. She works at a shop and is pursuing her graduation through correspondence. Her father told police that she could not have attempted suicide as she was not depressed. However, police are probing all angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15299961", "title": "'IT will be in Socorro, not in Dona Paula'", "text": "PORVORIM: The government does not intend to set up an IT park at Soccoro and will consider putting the land to good use after taking locals into confidence, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the assembly on Tuesday.Parrikar, who is also the minister for IT, made the announcement while responding to a starred question on the Socorro IT Park. He also said that the government will dig out all the murky details of how money earmarked for the park was diverted for cricketing and other activities by the previous (Congress) government.In his written reply, Parrikar disclosed that the information technology department has spent 11.74 crore on the proposed IT park at Socorro. He also revealed that the land is not in possession of the Information Technology department.Speaking on the present status of the land, Parrikar said that Section 6 of the land acquisition Act has been invoked and after people approached the high court over the project, the matter came to a halt. But Parrikar made a categorical statement. \"The government does not intend to set up an IT park there. If the Dona Paula IT park comes up, that will suffice to give enough boost to the IT movement in Goa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15300057", "title": "Quelossim farmers to get compensation of two harvests for gas pipeline in fields: GAIL", "text": "VASCO: The officials of Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) displayed a presentation in front of the villagers of Quelossim coming under Cortalim panchayat.The presentation explained to the villagers the pros and cons of the natural gas pipeline which will be laid down in their fields.According to Cortalim MLA and environment minister Alina Saldanha, \"The issue was pending for the last two years, and unfortunately, until the pipeline reached near the fields, the villagers were unaware about the entire project. The GAIL officials were asked to have a complete face-to-face discussion with the public.\"A GAIL official said, \"The land of the villagers will be temporary taken charge of, till the time the laying of pipeline is complete. The land will not be acquired, its ownership will remain with the villagers. Secondly, the bandh wall of the dam in the field will not be touched, as the salty water can cause damage to the fertility.\"Officials have also assured of moulding the route of the pipeline where private properties would be disturbed. Coming to the compensation part, officials have said that incase the farmers are losing one harvest, they will be paid the amount of two harvests.The compensations will be paid in two parts, one before laying the pipeline and one after the completion of work. Saldanha said, \"The officials have also pointed that from 100%, 20% of the fertility will be lost due to the work. So they will keep the top layer of the fertile soil aside and put it after the work is completed.\"When asked about the risk involved vis-a-vis the naphtha tragedy, she said, \"There will be 2-3 stations and complete monitoring will be undertaken. Also, if there is any kind of leakage the pressure will automatically go down.\" She further added, \"The Gail officials are asked to write down all the clauses and submit it to the villagers and after a compete discussion the people of Quelossim will take the decision.\"At about 10am, villagers, Quelossim sarpanch Anthony D'Souza, deputy collector (land acquisition) held a meeting on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15303668", "title": "Creating Vrindavan to celebrate Janmashtami", "text": "LUDHIANA: At Geetanjali Ladies Club, preparations are in full swing for the Krishna Janmashtami celebrations, like it is done in Vrindavan, to be organized this Saturday. The club members will decorate the venue with balloons and glitter and organize a cake cutting ceremony.A Krishna-Radha lila performance by Gopinath Mandal, a group invited from Vrindavan, will give the celebration an appropriate feel. While the women will attend the festival dressed as 'gopis', kids in the guise of 'bal Krishna' will make the ambience lively with their mischief like that of lord Krishna.The best-dressed participants will be asked questions related to lord Krishna and winners will be conferred with idols of Krishna.\"Vrindavan is Krishna's abode and that is why we have planned to conceive the divine town here at the club. This event is open for everyone without any fee. Bhajans, dances and Krishna-Radha lila will entertain attendees,\" said club president Neeru Singla.The venue on Hambran Road is already being decorated with traditional sceneries, showcasing scenes from Krishna's life and times. Club treasurer Komal Arora said, the cake cutting ceremony will excite the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300798", "title": "Crime branch to probe jumbo deaths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state crime branch of police will comprehensively probe the increasing poaching of elephants, official sources said. The state government, sources said, will initially hand over to the crime branch three alleged poaching cases, one relating to the death of two pachyderms at Balikhal in Similipal biosphere reserve in November 2011, and one case each pertaining to Kuldiha and Satkosia wildlife sanctuaries. \"The idea is to thoroughly probe so that organized rackets, if any, involved in poaching of elephants could be detected and busted,\" principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) J D Sharma told TOI.Though the latest elephant census, the results of which was declared a month ago, showed a jump in pachyderm population, from 1,886 in 2010 to 1,930 in 2012, the government is perturbed over heavy elephant casualty owing to poaching, electrocution and other reasons in the state. In 2009-10, 51 elephants died while the pachyderm casualty in 2010-11 and 2011-12 was 83 and 66 respectively. In 2012-13, at least 21 elephants have perished so far, officials said.\"Consequently, the government has drawn severe flak from different quarters. We are serious about the issue and want to reduce elephant deaths due to unnatural reasons. Hence, the decision to go for a crime branch inquiry,\" said a senior wildlife officer.Official sources said the probe would be a precursor to setting up of a dedicated cell to deal with forest and wildlife cases in the crime branch. \"We plan to have a multi-disciplinary team involving police and forest officers to focus on major wildlife cases, track poachers and improve surveillance activities,\" an officer said.\"We are keen to take up investigation into wildlife cases and attempt to bust any organized network that could be operating,\" additional director general (crime) B K Sharma said. Sharma, who was part of the CBI probe into the infamous tiger deaths at Sariska in Rajasthan over five years ago, said the crime branch had in 2007 investigated certain poaching cases. \"We have some experience and would surely like to contribute our mite to stop poaching in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301266", "title": "Auto driver returns Rs 1lakh to passenger", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare instance of honesty, an auto driver, a south Delhi resident and a constable teamed up to return Rs 1 lakh to a passenger who had left it inside an autorickshaw.The passenger, Raj Kumar Bhalla, had on Tuesday boarded an auto \u2014 bearing registration no. DL-1R-F- 1083 \u2014 from Pratap Nagar to Pitampura. While alighting he forget his polythene bag containing the cash. The driver reached Pitampura Metro station, where another passenger boarded the auto. The next passenger, Ashwani Kumar, who lives in South Extension, noticed the bag kept on the passenger seat.The two did not flinch on seeing the money and approached constable Ram Nazar, who was patrolling the area. They then went to the place where the passenger had de-boarded the auto, but could not find him. Nazar then contacted the RWA of RU Block, Pitampura; after doing several rounds of the area, they spotted the passenger. The bag was finally returned to its owner. Bhalla lives at Krishna Nagar in east DelhiAuto driver Raj, Ashwani and the constable will be rewarded for their act of honesty, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15301911", "title": "St Xavier's College celebrates founder's day", "text": "PATNA: Dances from different regions of India, inter-religious prayers, skit, PowerPoint presentations (PPT), songs and speeches marked the founder's day celebration at St. Xavier's College here on Tuesday. The function was presided over by College Rector Fr Joseph Thadavanal, who congratulated the students for their wonderful performance and exhorted them to work hard and do well in life.College principal, Dr T Nishant, stressed the need of quality education. \"Our college aims at making students competent and compassionate to enable them to become agents of social change,\" he said.The patron saint of the Jesuits, Fr Cherubim Sah, inaugurated the programme by lighting the traditional lamp and garlanding the statue of St Ignatius. The Bibiana group conducted prayers from scriptures of all faiths. Suruchi briefed the audience about the life of St Ignatius. Shrey and Gaurav highlighted the saint's ideals through a PPT.The programme also featured a skit by Varun and group depicting the life of the saint and how he influenced the mid-16th century world. A colourful fusion dance by Debdrita and group created the flavours of Bengal, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat. Raunak and group presented an English song.Jyoti and Aditya Sehgal compered the programme. Priya Roy proposed a vote of thanks. Raunak and Priti Kumari coordinated the function under the guidance of Prof Priyanka Sinha, Jaismin Kantha, Jose Kalapura and Anumeha Priyadarshini.Tender Hearts to celebrate Rakhsha bandhan: Students of Tender Hearts International will celebrate 'Raksha bandhan' on the school campus on August 1. The children will tie self-made rakhis on Army men's wrists, requesting them to save the country.Sawan Mahotsav at Magadh Mahila College: A cultural extravaganza, 'Sawan Mahotsav', is to be organized by the Magadh Mahila College on Wednesday to celebrate the rainy season.Humein bhi Padhao celebrates rakhi festival: Girls from 'Humein bhi Padhao', run by Acharya Shri Sudarshanji Maharaj, will tie rakhi to the kids staying at 'Apna Ghar' orphanage on Bailey Road on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15302631", "title": "Nine arrested for shooting at student", "text": "GURGAON: Nine persons were arrested for shooting at a student of Class 12 after he returned home from the gym on Monday night. The injured student has been admitted to a private hospital in Gurgaon. Earlier in the day, a brawl had broken out in a mobile shop between the victim and the accused, police said.According to police, the incident took place near Vishvakarma colony in Sohna and was the result of a brawl which had broken out between the victim and one of the accused, Love Kumar, in the latter's mobile shop. The victim, Narendra, and his friend Sonu alias Goli, were on their way back to their homes in Lakhuwas village, after visiting the gym.Narendra had gone to the gym after attending his tuition class. Around 8pm, when they were near Vishvakarma colony, Love Kumar arrived at the scene with eight other men on bikes. One of the accused, Rajkamal, stopped Narendra and his friend, and shot the former in his stomach while the others beat up Sonu. The accused fled away from the spot on their bikes and the locals rushed the two to a hospital. Narendra, a student of Jeewan Jyoti School in Palwal, was later referred to a private hospital in Gurgaon where his condition is reported to have improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15303193", "title": "Four rob man of Rs 73,000", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: Four persons robbed a man of Rs 73,000 at Juni Indore on Tuesday afternoon. Police said Kanhailal was at South Toda and crossing a bridge when four motorcycle-borne men came and intercepted him. They asked him to hand over all his valuables.The scared Kanhailal gave them Rs 73,000 and requested them to leave him. The victim is a resident of Kangaur Nagar and used to collect money from petrol pump.As soon the accused sped away, he reached Juni Indore police station and lodged a complaint. The police have registered a case under the Section 394 of the IPC and had began its investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303449", "title": "Boy falls off second floor balcony, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-and-half-year-old boy fell down the second floor balcony of his apartment complex in Border Thottam off Anna Salai on Monday died in hospital on Tuesday.He was trying to climb the railing when the accident happended.Police said that around 6.30pm on Monday, Rizwanullah (32) and Sultana Begum (30) were ending their fast in the flat adjoining theirs when their son Mohammad Muzammil managed to crawl out and reach the balcony. The adjoining flat belonged to Sultana's father, police said.\"The child apparently tried to peep out through the railing and then tried to climb up when he slipped and fell down,\" said Anna Salai inspector K Murugesan.\"Mohammad Muzammil, who is the only child of the couple, sustained serious head injuries. Blood oozed out from the nose and ears,\" he said.A few of the family's neighbours alerted the child's parents who rushed down to the street and took the child to the Government Kasturibai Gandhi Hospital in Triplicane.\"We heard a loud thud and when we rushed out of the home we saw the kid lying in a pool of blood. Muzammil was the only child of the couple,\" said a neighbour.The boy was later shifted to the government general hospital where he died on Tuesday. The body was handed over to the child's parents after a post-mortem. The Anna Salai police registered a case under CrPC Section 174 and are investigating.This is the third incident of children falling down from balconies in the city this month. On July 6, two-year-old Anusuya fell off the first floor balcony of her house in Korukkupet and died in hospital. The same day, three-year-old Bashir Ahamed of Sajamunnusamy Street in Washermenpet had a miraculous escape after he fell off the second floor balcony of his house. Earlier, on February 27, three-year-old Neelam slipped and plunged to her death from the second floor of a building in Kothavalchavadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15299290", "title": "Private tuition teacher held for molesting class X girl", "text": "SURAT: A 32-year-old private tuition teacher was arrested by Pandesara police for allegedly molesting a pupil. The arrest came after the mother of a 15-year-old class 10 student registered a complaint against him.Police officials said that Amar Rajput taught languages in the private tuition class under the banner of TSA classes which is being run by his elder brother Tek Bahadur near Batliboi factory in Pandesara housing colony. On Saturday morning after the completion of the class at 10 am, Amar allegedly let all the other students go but asked the victim to stay back. The complainant has charged that Rajput closed all the windows and then molested her daughter. \"My daughter got scared and did not inform us about the molestation or the indecent behavior of the teacher for a day and a half. She gathered some courage by Monday evening and related her trauma following which we approached the police,\" she said.AB Vataliya, police inspector at Pandesara police station, said, \"There is no reason not to believe what the girl has told. We are interrogating the accused.\" The official investigating the case said, \"We have recorded the statements of other students about the general behavior of the teacher and his conduct.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303505", "title": "Fewer new cases, TN 5th in HIV numbers", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu, which even 10 years ago had an alarmingly high incidence of HIV infection, has dropped from third to fifth among states with the largest number of people infected with the deadly virus.Tamil Nadu previously ranked in the top three with 1.54 lakh HIV-positive people, it has now been overtaken by Karnataka (2.45 lakh), and West Bengal (1.67 lakh). Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for 5 lakh of the 24 lakh HIV positive in the country, remains the state with the most number of HIV-infected people, official statistics show.Government and private initiatives have helped reduce the number of people infected each year in the state, said officials of Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society (TNSACS). \"Around 27,000 people tested positive for HIV in the state in 2009,\" said a TNSACS official. \"In 2010, the number dropped to 23,000, and in 2011, it fell further to 20,000. That's a decrease of 7,000 new cases in two years.\"Activists attribute the success of the state's AIDS programme to the commitment of the health sector and the government. \"Tamil Nadu was the first state to start an autonomous AIDS control society and the model, backed by political will, has been very successful,\" said Dr R Lakshmibai of Tamil Nadu Aids Initiative. \"National AIDS Control Organisation has recommended the model to other states.\"The state has benefitted from specialized target intervention programmes that go beyond focusing on vulnerable groups such as sex workers, said M Ramar of Centre for Social Development and Social Work Research in Coimbatore who runs intervention programs for migrant workers.\"Once we started targeting their clients, which spans various groups like migrant workers, truckers and youngsters, things started looking better,\" Ramar said. \"I see a sense of awareness among migrant workers here. Fewer migrant workers than before are testing positive each year. Red ribbon clubs are also doing good work at college level.\"According to Dr Lakshmibai, intervention programmes prevented the disease from reaching generalised epidemic proportions. \"There are three levels \u2014 nascent epidemic, concentrated epidemic and generalised epidemic,\" she said. \"The state never let it reach the generalised stage. When it looked like our intervention programs were only creating awareness and not changing behaviour, the state brought in specialised programmes.\"Andhra Pradesh, on the other hand, shut down 266 of its first-level detection and counselling centres due to a cash crunch. However, Dr Lakshmibai added that although Tamil Nadu is doing well, sustaining the effort to reduce the incidence of new cases will be a challenge. \"Trends and sexual behaviour keeps changing,\" she said. \"Agencies have to keep track of all developments while designing preventive programmes.\"The state also has its work cut out in its intervention programme for transgenders. \"The first survey was done only recently and shows that 9% of transgenders in the state are HIV-positive, a higher ratio than the 6% of female sex workers,\" Dr Lakshmibai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301553", "title": "14,056 engineering, pharma seats still vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) officials said on Tuesday that 14,056 engineering and pharmacy seats remain vacant after the second mock round ended.Of this, 10,475 seats remain vacant in engineering colleges. 7,850 seats had not found any takers while on 2,825 seats the students had committed admission but had not reported for claiming the admission.In pharmacy, 2,739 seats remain vacant while students did not report on 842 seats. In total 3,581 seats still remain vacant in pharmacy colleges.In the engineering colleges, 88 seats have remained vacant in automobile engineering while 536 seats have remained vacant in civil engineering. In computer engineering 468 seats are vacant while 310 seats of Electronics and Communications remain vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15299992", "title": "Govt to improve Bal Rath scheme", "text": "PANAJI: The government will enhance the \"Bal Rath\" school bus scheme so that its benefits reach a wider section of the primary school students in Goa by August 15, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday.Parrikar, who is also the education minister, said that the government will spend more money on the school bus scheme so that more schools get the buses and the benefit reaches more number of students in Goa.The chief minister also said that in the interest of the safety of students, newer and better buses will be bought. Interestingly, for the security of students, the antecedents of drivers and conductors manning these school buses will be verified so that they do not misbehave with the young students.Replying to a starred question by opposition leader Pratapsing Rane, Parrikar said all parameters of the new scheme are being finalized and the revised scheme will be functioning by August 15.Parrikar said the government will call for short tenders for which people owning buses can quote. The government will approve about 200 to 300 buses and allot them various routes to reach primary students to their respective schools.Responding to doubts, Parrikar said that under the new scheme, the school buses can be used for any school activity including school picnics. But the buses will not be allowed to be used for commercial purposes.The government is even drawing up a circuit comprising various destinations like the Goa state museum, the Goa science centre, Kala Academy, the Reis Magos fort, etc. where primary students can be taken in the school buses on educational excursions, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15301066", "title": "Road safety patrol teams in all schools", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai police have planned to form road safety patrol teams in all city schools, after the government cracked the whip on transport rule violators in the wake of the fatal fall of a girl from a school bus in Chennai.At a road safety meeting with school representatives held in Madurai, deputy commissioner of police Thirunavukkarasu said that to start with road safety patrol (RSP) teams comprising students would be formed in 25 schools.Collector Anshul Mishra, Thirunavukkarasu, RTO (North) N Ravichandran participated in the meeting attended by principals, headmasters and correspondents from as many as 300 schools.The RSP teams to be formed on the lines of National Cadet Corps and National Service Scheme, would be trained in road rules and safety measures. These students would in turn train remaining students in their schools, the officer said. Thirunavukkarasu said that the RSP teams would be formed in two weeks. \"Adherence to traffic rules should become part of our lifestyle,\" Thirunavukkarasu urged.Mishra noted that traffic awareness should increase abundantly. \"There are do's and don'ts for drivers. But they are not adhered to completely. This situation must change,\" he said. Mishra said that special classes should be conducted in schools to teach students about road rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304018", "title": "Blacked out again", "text": "There was a sense of disbelief when on Tuesday afternoon, the capital was plunged into chaos once again as three grids tripped and it was back to Manic Monday. Twenty states and two union territories were shaken up by the domino effect of first the Northern Grid tripping for the second consecutive day at 1.02 pm and then, within seconds, the Eastern Grid and North-Eastern Grid collapsing. Till late in the night, many parts of the capital were still getting back to normal. Sources said the total load affected due to this mega grid collapse was over 50,000 MW.Delhi was hit at a time when it was still recovering from Monday's blackout. Within seconds, the capital's supply from the Northern Grid came crashing down from 4,190 MW to 40 MW. Metro trains came to a grinding halt, traffic got tied up in knots as signals went on the blink, households across the city switched back to inverters and hospital services took a hit.Tuesday's crisis was considerably worse as all of north-east and western India suffered along with north India. Preliminary investigations show that overdrawal by some states, besides a snag in the Eastern Grid, had led to the collapse . \"The exact reason is yet to be ascertained but it seems the problem started in the Eastern Grid. Also, some states were overdrawing heavily which caused undue pressure on the transmission corridors,'' said a senior official. CERC has hauled up UP, Haryana, Punjab, Uttarakhand and Jammu and Kashmir for violating discipline by repeatedly overdrawing in low frequency and endangering the Northern Grid, based on a petition filed by NRLDC. Senior officials of these states who are in overall charge of the state utilities/state load dispatch centres are due to appear before CERC in a hearing on August 14 to address the issue.UP is largely being blamed for triggering the collapse, and Delhi government has approached the Centre on this. `Prior to the disturbance, UP, Haryana and Rajasthan were drawing more than their allocated power to the tune of 600 MW, 950 MW and 750 MW, respectively. However, the system frequency was 49.8 Hz which was in permissible operating limits. Delhi was underdrawing to the tune of 415MW at the time of the grid disturbance,'' said a spokesperson for Delhi Transco. When the three grids collapsed, all the 400 kV lines of central transmission utility Power Grid that feed power to Delhi tripped. Subsequently, all the power stations in Delhi tripped, resulting in the collapse of generation.Delhi's power minister, Haroon Yusuf, said they managed to save Delhi from the worst by islanding the capital from the rest of the grid and surviving with some units of the gas turbine power station that started backfeeding the city.\"Restoration of power in Delhi started at 1.15 pm with synchronization of more units of the gas turbine power station . Power supply to essential services like Metro, hospitals, Delhi Jal Board etc were restored on priority,'' added power secretary Shakti Sinha.Delhi started getting power from the Northern Grid from 2.10 pm through 400 kV Agra-Ballabhgarh-Bamnauli line. On priority, power supply was first resumed to IGI Airport and NDMC areas. By 3pm, supply to Metro, AIIMS and Railways was also restored, and by 6 pm, 80% of the city's population started getting the supply. Small parts of east and west Delhi were still without power by then and complete normalcy was achieved only by 8pm.Restoration of power supply in NCR areas like Noida, Ghaziabad and Gurgaon took considerably longer, and many areas got their electricity back only by 10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15302850", "title": "School roof collapses, 8 kids and two teachers hurt", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The roof of a private school collapsed in Greater Noida injuring eight students and two teachers on Tuesday morning. Police said continuous rains since early morning could have led to the collapse. A portion of the roof of Muskan Public School near Jaitpur village caved in around 10.30am when classes were going on.\"The teacher's presence of mind helped avert a major tragedy,\" said SP (Rural), Ashok Kumar. \"Luckily, the attendance was thin due to the rains,\" Kumar added. Twenty-five children were made to run out and within minutes the roof of class IV came crashing down.The children and teachers got injured due to the stampede. They were taken to a hospital from where most were released after first aid. A magisterial inquiry has been ordered and a case registered against the school authorities for negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300368", "title": "Terrible Tuesday: The power sector dark hole", "text": "NEW DELHI: What would happen to a company that has 15 subsidiaries with combined losses of over Rs 1 lakh crore and accumulated debt of nearly Rs 2 lakh crore? It is unlikely that this company would survive, especially when several of its subsidiaries is defaulting in paying its installments to banks on loans with total revenues adding up to Rs 1.5 lakh crore.But you would be surprised to discover that not only are these entities operating but they are even selling their produce at a subsidized rate with no fresh guarantee of payments.Welcome to the world of state electricity boards. Since March, 2010, when an expert committee under former Comptroller &amp; Auditor General V K Shunghlu last looked at the finances of the power utilities, the numbers have deteriorated further. The financial distress is so acute that even public sector banks are refusing to lend to the power distribution companies, prompting the Centre to push for a fresh loan restructuring exercise - the second in a decade.The problems are the same. On last count, which was in March 2010, 15 state electricity boards had combined recievables of Rs 56,000 crore, which is over one-third their annual revenues. For some states such as Bihar , the average time to collect dues is 606 days, or 20 months, when the comparable period for most businesses in India is a few weeks.On an average, the Shunghlu committee estimated, there was a gap of 60 paise per unit between the average cost and the average revenue. \"Primarily, operational and management issues coupled with regulatory shortcomings are responsible for the losses,\" the panel said. In short: it's a mess created by the states and the regulators, almost all of them being former IAS officers, handpicked by these government.The problems are familiar - high losses due to pilferage, inability of companies to pass on the burden of higher coal and gas prices and the failure of government to clear the subsidy that they supposed to provide. The solution is simple: control losses, which will get at least 30% power into the system. \"Had the aggregate technical and commercial losses been reasonable, even with the present tariff the discoms would not have been in such financial distress,\" the Shunghlu committee said.But financial woes mean any maintenance work, forget upgrade, are on hold. And, the result is there for all to see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300356", "title": "Uttar Pradesh nod to national optical fibre network", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday approved the implementation of the National Optical Fibre Network Scheme across the state. Once implemented, the scheme would for the first time allow broadband penetration to gram panchayat levels across UP. Telecom facilities like mobile, internet and cable TV services would also be made available in all GPs. Through this network, the panchayats, schools and primary health centres in the rural areas would be connected via internet. Other than the rural areas, even schools in urban areas, corporate, public and different departments would be availing benefits of facilities like e-education, e-commerce, e-health, e-entertainment and e-governance.The decision follows an older order issued by the Union telecom ministry, which in October 2011 decided to implement schemes relating to the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF), including the National Optical Fibre Network. Under the scheme, the Union cabinet approved an investment of Rs 20,000 crore in the National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) scheme, with an objective to extend the existing optical fibre network (available presently upto the district or block headquarter level) to the gram panchayat level. The move follows a World Bank study, which suggested that with every 10% increase in broadband penetration, there could be a coordinated growth in GDP by 1.4%.As per the state cabinet's decision, NOFN will facilitate the implementation of various e-governance initiatives such as e-health, e-banking and e-education. According to the Centre's plan, initially, the broadband project will be executed by state-owned Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) and other institutions like RailTel.For implementing the project, the government will also, eventually, rope in BSNL, Power Grid and Gas Authority of India as partners. NOFN will also provide high-speed connectivity for electronic delivery of services to citizens.On Tuesday, the state government also approved a budget of Rs 439.34 crore to implement the Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme in the state. Aimed at encouraging and promoting higher education among high school pass girls from economically weaker sections, the government said a one-time encouragement sum of Rs 30,000 will be given to girls passing class XII.Benefits of this scheme would be in addition to the scholarship or help coming from other schemes. To be implemented in the current fiscal, the scheme will also be applicable to girls passing the class XII exam from secondary education board in 2012. The cabinet, however, said the scheme will cover only those students who belong to families where the collective family income is not more than Rs 35,000, annually.The cabinet also decided that girls from below poverty line families will be given preference under this scheme. Selection of beneficiaries, it has been decided, will be done by a committee headed by the district magistrate, along with six other district level officers. Once beneficiaries are identified, the cabinet also mandated the financial aid will be transferred into their bank accounts opened by district committees in nationalised banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15299271", "title": "No proof of bast, say forensic experts", "text": "NELLORE: The forensic experts have almost ruled out the `blast theory', stating that they did not find anything concrete to suspect an explosion in the S-11 coach of Tamil Nadu Express that caught fire on Monday.\"It is too early to give our impression on the cause of the fire. However, we did not find any credible evidence to look at the blast angle,\" FSL assistant director Venkateswarlu said here on Tuesday. He said they had gathered burnt material from the coach and would conduct a scientific evaluation to find out the reasons behind the devastating fire. He said they would try to submit a report to the state government as well as the railways within a week. A team of experts, comprising Venkateswarlu, senior scientist Gopinath and others inspected the burnt coach at platform No 4 at the Nellore railway station. The platform was barricaded and made out of bounds for passengers in view of the ongoing probe.The team spent more than two hours gathering evidence and examining the coach. Sources said the investigators stumbled across mechanical battery parts, broken mobiles and electrical wires from the cinders. Although the batteries recovered from the coach strenthened the blast theory, the forensic experts were tightlipped on their findings.When asked whether the mishap was due to a blast or short-circuit, another investigating official said: \"We have collected some samples from inside the bogie. We cannot come to a conclusion or form an opinion until completion of the probe.\" A passenger S Madanlal of Vijayawada, who travelled in the coach, created a flutter earlier in the day when he claimed that he heard three blasts before the fire.However, police said that they did not find anything suspicious to point fingers at the blast.\"Any explosion would have blown the bodies of the victims to pieces,\" pointed out a senior GRP official. He said that most of the bodies recovered from the coach did not bear any indication of blast. \"Only some of the bodies were burnt beyond recognition,\" he said, ruling out explosion in the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301707", "title": "Guilty will be punished: Board", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chairman of the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) RR Varsani said that students found guilty in the 'marks-for-cash' scam will be punished as per the rules and regulations of the board.This decision was announced in the meeting of the examination committee of the board held in Gandhinagar on Tuesday. \"We will ensure that each and every student involved in the marks for cash scam is given exemplary punishment,\" said Varsani.On Monday TOI had reported that the board's decision to allow 35-odd HSC science and general stream students, who had paid Rs 3-5 lakh to get their result changed from fail to pass, were allowed to appear for the supplementary exams conducted by the board in second week of July.As many as 225 students reportedly got their results altered in the cash for marks scam. After the scam was unearthed, the board asked the schools to return these students' mark sheets with altered result and issued the correct results. The original result showed that 35 students had flunked. Meanwhile, the scam hogged the limelight in the examination committee meeting. Board officials said that board members will be allowed to see the original result and mark sheets to tally the two. The demand for this arose after certain board members expressed their desire to view the mark sheets and answer sheets as the board members felt that the scam may involve more students.Board officials also declared that the answer sheets of HSC exams will not be destroyed this year till the probe into the scam is completely over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300288", "title": "Bail plea of minister's kin rejected", "text": "NAGPUR: The additional district sessions judge of Washim, Justice Wali Mohammed Saheb, on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail application of four accused in the blackbuck poaching case.The accused include food and drugs minister Manoharrao Naik's nephew Anil Naik, Sanket Pawar, Kishore Chavan, and Shekhar Rathod. All the accused, residents of Gahuli village in Pusad, had moved the bail application on July 25.After arguments on Monday, the matter was reserved for judgement. On Tuesday, their anticipatory bail plea was rejected.A blackbuck was poached on the midnight of July 16 by 8 persons. However, even after 15 days, the police have not arrested any of the culprits. It is suspected that since Naik is the minister's relative, forest department is hesitating in arresting the culprits.Till now, only two accused Yasin Shah Gulzar Shah of Warajahangir, who was involved in disposing of the carcass of the animal, has been arrested. He was remanded to judicial custody till August 9, on Monday. Another accused Rajaram Ugle has been granted conditional bail.Sources said that due to political pressure the forest and police officials are not arresting the accused. Forest officials have set up two special squads to nab the culprits, yet no arrests have been made so far.Blackbuck is listed under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. There is a provision of up to seven years imprisonment for killing a red listed animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15300491", "title": "Flood situation in Yavatmal improves", "text": "YAVATMAL: Rains lashed the district during the last 24 hours after a short break of 3-4 days. However, there were no reports of floods in the district even as the situation improved in many affected villages on Tuesday.The administration has undertaken a survey to assess the damage and started rehabilitation work in full swing.Water level in Arunavati and Adan rivers in Arni and nullahs in Ghatanji tehsils has started receding.Resident collector Rajendra Deshmukh said there was no flood alert in areas hit earlier by heavy rains. Contact officers have been appointed, one each for the affected villages, after the visit of district contact secretary Vishwanath Giriraj.Official sources said 230 villages were affected by flash floods. Of these, 47 are in Ghatanji and Arni tehsils. 213 houses were destroyed in the flood while 1,411 were partially damaged. 17 cattle heads died of flood.Four tankers have been deployed to supply drinking water at Pahur, Borgaon, Taroda and Brahmanwada. According to sources, electricity supply has been restored and there would be no load shedding in the affected areas.District collector Ashwin Mudgal has rushed to Mumbai with the preliminary report of damages to seek funds for rehabilitation of the affected people.Health camps are being arranged to prevent spread of epidemics while necessary medicines have been made available, said district health officer Dr Ganesh Rachkundwar.The dignitaries who visited the flood-affected areas have hailed the role of non-government organizations in helping the flood-affected persons. They provided food and water to the affected and participated in rescue work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303351", "title": "Night bus fleet roars on roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's wait for night bus service is finally over as the Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) kicked off the facility on Tuesday night. The service will be from IT Park to PGI and from ISBT, Sector 43 to the IT Park. It will start daily at 8.45pm and will run till 4.45am.Though only four mini AC buses will be plying, the routes will cover a large number of sectors in the city including the Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16, Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32 and the railway station.The service was flagged off from the IT Park by adviser to the UT administrator, K K Sharma, and the first day itself saw 40% occupancy.The service has been started keeping in mind problems of residents who were being charged hefty amounts by cycle- rickshaws and three-wheelers at night. Besides, people working night shifts at IT Park had also been complaining about autos and rickshaws overcharging at night.S P Parmar, general manager of the CTU said that it was a much awaited project of the CTU, while adding that it would cater to the masses. Parmar said that seeing the response of the people, they can also increase the number of buses plying during night hours.The buses will be available at several points after every half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "15300848", "title": "Nayagarh strike costs govt Rs 20 crore", "text": "Keonjhar: The state government has lost revenues to the tune of nearly Rs 20 crore in the 20 days since transportation of minerals from Nayagarh railway siding under Bamebari PS was stopped owing to protests by locals demanding employment. Brajakishore Nayak, additional district magistrate, Keonjhar, said: \"Some groups with vested interests have been creating trouble in the area in the pretext of employment.\"According to sources, two groups have been demanding the task of loading and unloading minerals at Nayagarh railway siding. The groups are headed by locals who are allegedly involved in theft of minerals and other illegal activities in Nayagarh. Since the mining scam was exposed, the district administration has cancelled the contracts of those who were loading and unloading vehicles and transporting licenses of thos allegedly involved in mineral theft.The administration has since handed out licences after proper scrutiny and verification of the applicants. With their income sources shut, these mineral mafias started using the poor locals to take control of the loading and unloading work.The sub-collector of Champua, Tahasildar Jhumpura and IIC Bamebari PS visited Nayagarh to discuss the issue with the protesters. The administration agreed to compensate those who have lost their land for the construction of the railway line and can submit evidence in support. A committee of such villagers will then be formed and the administration will give out licences to the committee for loading and unloading work in the siding. The profit from the work will be deposited in the individual bank account to maintain transparency.The protesters agreed to the proposal and decided to call off the strike, but some persons allegedly involved in mineral theft tried to fuel discontent among people and convinced them to continue the strike, the sources said. S Toppo, IIC Bamebari, said: \"The movement was called off after fruitful discussions. But some people are misguiding the locals for personal benefit and instigating them to continue the strike.\"Meanwhile, another group backed by a powerful politician in the mining area started a parallel strike in the siding and demanding action against the other group. J K Rout, station master of Nayagarh railway station, said: \"The strike is still on. The loading, unloading and transportation of mineral has not resumed. However, passenger trains are running without any obstruction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15301971", "title": "'Rape' victims take U-turn", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The incident of alleged gang rape of two minor schoolgirls at Silao in Nalanda district on Monday turned out to be a hoax on Tuesday with both of the alleged victims denying any rape before a magistrate while recording their statements under section 164 of IPC. In her statement before the magistrate, one of the complainants Sona Kumari said her friend Abha Kumari (both names changed), the other complainant, asked her to accompany her to the lodge. On reaching the place, Abha went upstairs and when she did not return for half-an-hour, she also went upstairs and found that Roshan, Lallu Singh and Santosh were trying to outrage the modesty of her friend and seeing her there they also tried to hold her hand and drag her inside the room, but she fled from the spot.Abha in her statement said that she went to the lodge on her own as she was called by Roshan, brother of her boyfriend, where Roshan, Santosh and Lallu forcibly removed her clothes. While Roshan tried to rape her, the two others filmed the acts on their mobile phones . She further said she also fled the spot and was not raped. She also admitted that she was has an affair with Roshan's brother Gulshan.Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari said medical reports of the girls also indicate that the girls were not raped as no spermatozoa was found. He also told newsmen that the boys tried to outrage the modesty of a girl. All the culprits will be brought to the book. Meanwhile, the main accused Roshan has been arrested by the police on Monday night itself and the remaining would be soon caught, said the SP. He further added that the reporter who instigated the girls to create a false gang rape story has been identified and a show cause notice would be served on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15299285", "title": "Diamonds are now investors' best friend", "text": "SURAT: Sharp fall in polished diamond prices may be worrying diamantaires in Surat. But, high net worth individuals are seeing a sparkle in the crashing prices.Anticipating some correction by Christmas, increasing number of HNIs are looking at diamonds as an alternative to gold as a safe shelter for their money, amid financial uncertainty and economic and currency instability.Polished diamond prices have fallen by 15%-20% in the last two months.Most HNIs, according to the industry leaders, have started a rush at the big retail houses to purchase loose diamonds, anticipating the prices in the short-term - before Christmas season - might recover by seven to eight per cent.Mehul Choksi, chairman and managing director (CMD), Gitanjali Group, said, \"The big-sized diamonds above four carats are the big bets these days and they are much sought after by HNI investors. The diamond jewellery market in India is pegged at Rs 25,000 crore annually and it is growing by 25 per cent year-on-year.\"Choksi added, \"The loose diamond prices in the domestic markets in Surat and Mumbai have crashed for the first time after the 2008 economic crisis. Thus investors see this as an opportunity to park their money in the precious stones. In the short or the long-term, the diamonds would definitely fetch them a very high return.\"Kaushik Mehta, a diamond jewellery manufacturer in Mumbai said, \"We are seeing lot of interest in loose polished diamonds which are above three carat. Most of our clients buy high-quality diamonds ranging from 3-10 carats, which are very costly. Some prefer to stud the diamonds in jewellery, while many keep it as investment. When the price would appreciate in the long term, they would book the profit.\"Mehta said a top quality diamond weighing four carat with D colour is worth Rs 2.5 crore to Rs 3 crore. But the same diamond in the open market is now available for Rs 2.15 to Rs 2.80 crore. However, the investors have a huge price benefit.India is the world's biggest polished diamond manufacturer, supplying about 90 per cent of the polished diamonds by volume and about 80 per cent by value. In 2011-12, India exported about $27 billion worth of polished diamonds.\"The polished diamond demand in the country is set to double by 2020 from the current $1.3 billion to $3 billion. Though diamonds are studded in the jewellery, but they are also becoming a commodity for investment. It is because there is no risk of price volatility in diamond as compared to gold. The polished diamonds continue to offer steady price appreciation of 5-6 per cent per annum,\" said Aniruddha Lidbide, a diamond analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300721", "title": "Healthy gifts in demand this Raksha Bandhan", "text": "RANCHI: Plates lavishly decorated with assorted imported fruits and chocolates seem to be the special gift this Raksha Bandhan and fruit shops across the city are wooing customers with plated decorated with colourful papers and ribbons.Buyers also prefer these fruit plates to other gift items as they are both beautiful and healthy. Siddhartha, who was getting a special gift plate prepared to gift his sister this Raksha Bandhan, said: \"These plates are a bit costly, but I feel it is better to give my sister fruits as it is good for her health rather than some gadget that she wouldn't use.\"The fruits which fill up the plates are imported from various countries. Mukesh Gupta, owner of a fruit shop, said, \"We have pear from South Africa , kiwi from New Zealand, American plums, Thai guava, Australian cherry and many other fruits. The rate of these plates start from Rs 500 and go up to Rs 10,000 and sometimes even more as per the demands of customers.\"Apart from fruits, shopkeepers are also putting chocolates in the plate if customers demand. \"The cost of plates increase with the size and the kind of fruits and chocolates on it. People are asking for both Indian and foreign chocolates and the rates are fixed according to that,\" said Gupta.Special plates and baskets of various chocolates and dry fruits are also available in the market. Manish, a shopkeeper, said: \"We have plates of different sizes of chocolates and dry fruits. These plates are decorated with artificial pearls, beads and other such things. Assorted dry fruits and chocolates are kept on these plates and covered with transparent plastic with flowers and ribbons on the top. These plates range from Rs 400 to Rs 10,000.\"Customers are attracted to these gift plates due to the decoration. Pallavi, a buyer, said, \"These gifts are so beautifully decorated that I can not keep my eyes off them. This is the first Raksha Bandhan after my marriage and I will be giving this plate to my sister-in-law when she ties me a Lumba (Rakhi tied to brother's wife in Marwari family).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15302692", "title": "Auto driver held for robbing passenger", "text": "A passenger who took a rickshaw for Dwarka from the Nashik Road railway station, was robbed by a rickshaw driver and his colleague near St Philomena High School on Jail Road on Monday at around 4am. According to the Nashik Road police Srimohit Varu (50), a Panchavati resident took an auto for Dwarka from the railway station. But the driver took the rickshaw towards Jail Raod and stopped it near the school, where the driver and an associate of his, assaulted Varu and stole Rs 1,000 and his mobile phone. The duo then threw Varu out of the vehicle and fled. the passenger out of the rickshaw and fled the scene. Acting on the complaint by Srimohit VaruThe Nashik Road police have arrested Anil Kedare (28) and Pravin Shinde (20) for the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300235", "title": "BJP questions move to keep Lokayukta out of RTI ambit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming the state Cabinet's decision to remove the Lokayukta from the ambit of Right To Information Act as undemocratic, Bharatiya Janata Party on Tuesday said that the move proves that Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party have struck a deal to go slow on the corruption cases during the Mayawati government. The alliance can be corroborated from the fact that how Akhilesh-led SP government accepted the demand of BSP leaders, who met the chief minister and gave memorandum, claimed state BJP president Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi.Second such example of BSP-SP nexus is the fact that the removal of Lokayukta from RTI ambit was an attempt to save the corrupt leaders of BSP government, he claimed and added removal of Lokayukta from RTI's ambit will help corrupt BSP leaders, whose inquiry is pending before it. He said keeping Lokayukta out of RTI ambit was violation of Section 26 of RTI Act. It was because of Lokayukta inquiry that several ministers of BSP government had to resign and CBI inquiry was recommended by Lokayukta against senior BSP minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Bajpayi said.However, the Samajwadi Party government has not taken any decision on the Lokayukta's recommendation, Bajpayi further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15300045", "title": "Panel to probe girl suicide case: CM", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday agreed to constitute a fact-finding committee to look into the circumstances that led to the rape of a teenaged girl by her art teacher and her subsequent suicide recently.Responding to a zero hour mention by St Andre BJP MLA, Vishnu Wagh, Parrikar said the committee could go beyond a fact-finding mission and also suggest ways to prevent such occurrences in the future. Wagh said that the tragic death of the school girl had caused an outpouring of grief among people, who recently staged a candle light march in the city.Reading out a heart-rending letter written by a young Goan girl to the deceased girl expressing her sadness at the tragic fate of the victim, Wagh said people had given him a representation demanding that the government appoint a fact-finding committee on the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307320", "title": "Jism 2 love-making scenes reduced by half", "text": "Sunny Leone won't be making out as passionately with Randeep Hooda and Arunoday Singh as the director Pooja Bhatt wanted them to in Jism 2.A very reliable source from the Censor Board tells us that all the love-making scenes featuring the irrepressible Sunny Leone in passionate contact with her two co-stars Randeep Hooda and Arunoday Singh have been reduced by half. Says the source, \"There are four major love-making scenes in Jism 2, 3 featuring Ms Leone with Randeep Hooda , and 1 with Arunoday Singh. Each of these was 2-3 minutes long. We asked Pooja Bhatt to reduce them to 1- 1 \u00bd minutes each.\"Apparently Pooja Bhatt agreed to comply with the cuts rather than go with the film to the Revising Committee. Says our source from the Censor Board Of Film Certification, \"Pooja did argue. But she had clearly come to us with lengthy love-making scenes. We've nothing against characters making love on screen as long as they get their mutual feeling across without over-staying their welcome. We collectively felt the 4 love-making scenes in Jism 2 were over-staying their welcome. Once the mutual passion between the two partners was establishment there was no need to prolong the erotic content.\"The last time the love-making scenes were reduced was in Vivek Agnihotri's Hate Story. Says the source from the CBFC, \"In the other film too, once the point was put across the love-making was unnecessarily prolonged.We frequently get the feeling that filmmakers come to us with deliberately enhanced erotic or abuse content in the hope that we'd cut some and leave the rest. In the case of Joker the makers had come to us with a song that went I Want Fakht You. Their argument that fakht is the Marathi for 'only' made no grammatical sense in the song. We naturally asked for a change. Surprisingly the Joker team had an alternative ready. So obviously they had anticipated censor trouble and a standby was ready.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301716", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagargets 400 riverside acres for own campus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (IIT-Gn) will finally get its own address. After a four-year wait, IIT-Gn took possession of over 400 acres of land for its new campus on Monday. The land is on the banks of the Sabarmati near Palej in Gandhinagar.IIT-Gn is one of six new IITs set up in 2008-09 and presently functions from a temporary campus at Vishwakarma Government Engineering College (VGEC) at Chandkheda.This delay by state government in allocation of land drew flak from educationists and IITians across the country.The institute was forced to function from a makeshift arrangement and saw its first batch graduate from the temporary campus.The new campus will be constructed at a budget of around Rs 1,200 crore in the first phase, as a fully residential campus for 2,400 students. Work is set to begin in six to nine months, and the campus will flaunt some of the country's most environment-friendly buildings.IIT Gandhinagar authorities hope to move into the campus by 2015.Director of IIT-Gn, Sudhir Jain said, \"Construction at the new campus will begin with classrooms and student hostels. Once these are ready, we can start functioning from there.\"Jain added: \"We will recycle used water to flush toilets, water plants and so on. The campus will also have a solid waste management system so refuse can be segregated and have non-organic waste sent to recycling centres.\"The institute's new premises will have two parts - North campus and South campus - which will be connected by a Central campus. Along with solar back up for power consumed during the day, most of the campus will be vehicle-free zones.Palej villagers also will benefit from the institute. Administrators have decided to set up a fund of Rs 1 crore. \"The money will be used to teach village children and students will also venture go to the village to teach. This will create goodwill between the institute and villagers,\" said an IIT-Gn official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "15299251", "title": "Ex-Army chief joins stir against Haryana N-plant", "text": "FATEHABAD: Before retiring in May this year, Gen VK Singh had said he would begin a new \"journey\". The outlines of this journey were clear on Tuesday when he donned the role of a crusader, joining a group of protesters against a nuclear plant in Gorakhpur in Fatehabad district in his home state, Haryana.Interestingly, his protest against nuclear power took place on the day when the whole of North India was in grips of an outage following the power grid collapse. It was the first time Gen (retd) Singh was seen in a public campaign.VK Singh spoke to Gorakhpur farmers and criticised the government's move to acquire land for the upcoming nuclear power plant. Gen Singh, who reached the dharna spot at 11.30 am and sat there for about five minutes, assured the farmers of his support to their cause, which is no nuclear power.\"We are proud that the former Army chief joined and supported us,\" said Hans Raj Siwach, president, Kisan Sangharsh Samiti.\"We requested him to see our two-year-old agitation. The government is not paying any heed to our demands. He accepted our proposal and came to Fatehabad,\" said Subhash Poonia, president of Parmanu Sayantra Virodhi Morcha.The former Army chief said, \"I visited the village and saw how even women are against the nuclear power plant. The land where the power plant is to be set up is fertile and farmers totally depended on this land. About 1,500 farmers will go landless. It will also hit the landless labourers who work for these farmers. Where will they go? There should be a debate before setting up a nuclear power plant.\"He said nuclear power is destructive and gave the example of Japan's Fukushima tragedy. \"There are many resources from where we can get electricity. Then why nuclear power plant?\" he asked.Asked about his political ambitions, Gen Singh said, \"I don't want to say anything. Let the country decide. If I get support, then let's see. Main ek fauji hu, aur fauji kabhi pichhey nahi dekhta.\"On Anna Hazare's agitation, he said, \"I am against corruption. I also want to eradicate corruption from county. And those who are fighting against corruption, I am with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303157", "title": "Assistance of Rs 10,000 to 'chastity lock' victim", "text": "INDORE: Call it apathy or lackadaisical attitude the district administration took more than two weeks to hand over a cheque of Rs 10,000 promised to the woman whose private parts were put under 'chastity lock' by her suspecting husband.The incident had come to light last fortnight when the doctors found the lock when the woman was hospitalised after she tried to commit suicide.The woman was discharged on July 25 from the hospital. Apparently, the district administration handed over the cheque when they got the information about the visit of the member of National Commission for Women Dr Charu Wali Khanna. She also pointed out the issue while talking to Vishal Nadkarni, women and child welfare officer.Khanna, on Tuesday, urged the district administration to extend the relief to the victim. She recommended that the victim be provided an assistance of Rs 50,000.She later told TOI that she has recommended that the victim be provided Rs 10,000 more in cash and the remaining amount to be deposited in her bank account so that the victim woman could use it later.The victim woman is suffering from a trauma and she requires counselling to cope with it, said Khanna adding that she has asked the district officials to provide her auto facility to visit counsellors. The district administration reportedly assured her to provide all the facilities for counselling including counsellor.She met the victim at her house, and urged the neighbours to take care of her in every possible manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15303274", "title": "Twins born on train die as mother fails to get medical help", "text": "MUMBAI: In a mishap that highlights the need for better emergency medical help on trains, a pregnant woman who was travelling from Uttar Pradesh to Mumbai lost the premature twins that she delivered on the long-distance train on July 20. When she finally disembarked at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and was taken to Nair Hospital by her husband, the infants were declared dead.Parvinissa, 21, was accompanied by her husband, Sakir Saha, in June to her mother's place in UP when she was six months pregnant. Sakir, a daily wage earner who lives in a Worli slum, thought Parvinissa would be better cared for at her mother's home than in Mumbai. But within days of his return to the city, she called him up to inform him that her health had deteriorated. The couple then decided it was better for her to come back to Mumbai with its superior medical facilities. On July 19, a seven-month pregnant Parvinissa boarded the Pratapgarh Express from Lucknow around 10.45 pm.She was accompanied by her mother, Saidunia, and her mother-in-law Sajrunissa. Around 11 am the next day, Parvinissa unexpectedly went into labour and delivered twins when the train was approaching Kanpur station. The two babies, a boy and a girl, were weak but the women did not know whom to approach for help. \"About 20 minutes after they were born, the twins stopped making any movement. A frightened Parvinissa called up her husband, who said he would board the train as soon as it reached Kalyan and take her to hospital,\" a police official said.Around 4.30am on July 21, the train reached Kalyan and Sakir got into the S-3 bogie. \"At Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), the family hailed a cab and rushed to Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central. But their twins were declared dead on arrival. Doctors informed the Agripada police nearby, who recorded the couple's statements and registered a case of accidental death. The papers were then transferred to the Kurla railway police in whose jurisdiction LTT lies,\" said senior inspector S Dhumal of the Kurla railway police.The husband and wife have since returned to their hometown in UP to conduct the last rites of the infants. The police, who say that they were not informed by Sakir or his family members about the twins' deaths between Kanpur and LTT, are waiting for him to return to gather more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300851", "title": "Won\u2019t employ force to end fast: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city police on Tuesday continued their efforts to get ailing Team Anna members like Arvind Kejriwal , Gopal Rai and Manish Sisodia to suspend their fast, but clarified that they would not employ force to this end.\"We are aware of the compulsions, and even Team Anna members are aware of Rai's health. At present, we are avoiding talking to Kejriwal as he is insistent on continuing his fast. We are keen on opening as many channels as possible,'' said a police source. Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar is monitoring the situation, said sources.Police said they are in touch with doctors monitoring the health of Anna Hazare and his core team. \"We will act on the advice of the physicians. So far, they have reported that the vitals of the fasting activists are strong,'' the source added.Four days after activists protested outside the PM's house, Delhi Police has registered a case against unknown persons for defacing the property. A source said police had sent a second letter on Tuesday night to the organizers regarding their protest outside Union minister Sharad Pawar's house. \"We have sent a notice asking them to refrain from similar protests in the future,'' a New Delhi district officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300261", "title": "Unmetered connections, 24x7 supply to VIP districts jack up power demand", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Centre's contention that Uttar Pradesh is the biggest culprit of grid indiscipline, which eventually led to the collapse of the northern grid may not be unfounded. There are ample indications to prove that UP was withdrawing well over its scheduled quota of 2,500 mw on Tuesday.Apparently driven by political compulsions the UP government has been overdrawing power from the central grid for the past many days in order to serve over one crore metered customers, not to speak of an equally number of unmetered consumers, ultimately pushing the burden significantly on the northern and associated grids. The increase in demand was not only accentuated by ever increasing consumer load and rural electrification, but also allocation of VIP status to various districts having a firm presence of leaders of the ruling Samajwadi Party.The districts like Rampur ( Azam Khan ), Etawah (CM Akhilesh Yadav and Shivpal Yadav), Hardoi (Naresh Agarwal), Mainpuri ( Mulayam Singh Yadav ) and Kannauj (Dimple Yadav), which remained low on the priority list receiving barely 12 to 14 hours of power supply until few months ago, suddenly climbed up the chart and started receiving 24 hours power supply. They were apart from Lucknow, Agra and Noida which have been officially been classified as the districts receiving 24 hours of power. While Lucknow happens to be the state capital and the nerve centre of administration, Agra happens house Taj Mahal attracting tourists from across the world. Likewise, Noida being close to NCR and nestling various industries and service sector companies too qualifies to get 24 hours of power supply.According to a conservative estimate, Lucknow alone consumes around 1,000 Mw of power. This is also true for Noida and Agra. So, if one considers 24 hours power supply to the above five districts, and assuming that they were consuming even half of what cities like Lucknow, Noida and Agra consumed, even then the load would have been anywhere in the range of around 2,000-3,000 Mw. On an average, the eight districts alone, out of the total 72 districts, consumed around 6,000 Mw. Compare this with the state's own production which has been hovering in the range of only 2,000 Mw and you have a complete abysmal picture of country's most populous state.UPPCL officials also said that the state was also compelled to draw more power from the grid because of the ongoing Ramzan as well as the drought like situation in the state because of the insufficient rains. Nevertheless, the state government had at times been generous to announce power supply to all districts especially during the board examinations.Not surprisingly, the burden passed on to the central grid. Notably, the state government also suspended the policy of importing power from other states, because of the revenue crunch. UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was categorical to point the fact that the former state government had left a debt of Rs 25,000 crore on the power utility.In the absence of any such arrangement, UPPCL found little option but to resort to overdrawing from the northern grid. This was despite the observations of the Northern Region Power Committee stressing the state government to enter into bilateral arrangements/power exchanges to meet its demands. The committee was also of the view that overdrawl from the grid under unscheduled interchange (UI) mechanism happened to be expensive, as the cost often goes up to Rs 18 per unit, whereas much cheaper power is available from various other sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299739", "title": "Cops want to trace local aides of Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch wants to trace those people who helped Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal flee to Pakistan from Beed district in May 2006.The prosecution said this at the chief metropolitan magistrate court on Tuesday while seeking extension of Jundal's custody. His custody was extended till August 13.According to the prosecution, Jundal had escaped from Beed to Pakistan via Bangladesh in 2006. \"His custody is required to arrest those who helped him escape to Pakistan,\" special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam told the court while seeking Jundal's custody. Sources said locals helped Jundal obtain a passport for his safe passage to Karachi.Nikam also told the court that the crime branch wanted to take Jundal's DNA samples as they wanted to match it with those collected from hijacked trawler Kuber that had transported the 26/11 terrorists to Mumbai in November 2008. Investigators had collected DNA samples from various articles found on Kuber.While DNA samples of the other terrorists matched with those found on the articles, there were some samples that didn't match. \"While a few articles have matched with the 10 terrorists who entered Mumbai, a few are yet to be matched with Jundal's. Hence his DNA profiling becomes important,\" Nikam told the court. He said Jundal was one of those people who came to bid farewell to the terrorists when they were leaving Karachi for Mumbai.Sources said since Jundal had stayed with the terrorists in a dormitory at Muridke for 10 days, his DNA could have been transferred to them. Another reason for seeking an extension of custody was that the police needed to recover the various e-mail IDs that Jundal created under fake names, Nikam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kavala (greece)", "code": "15308327", "title": "Abhijeet Gupta beat Branko Damljanovic to extend lead in Kavala", "text": "KAVALA (GREECE): Grandmaster and National champion Abhijeet Gupta continued with his winning ways and downed Serbian Grandmaster Branko Damljanovic in the eighth and penultimate round of Kavala International chess tournament.The victory helped Abhijeet cement his place at the top as the Indian now leads the field by a full-point margin with just one round remaining. In addition, Gupta is at least assured of a joint first place in one of his favourite hunting ground.This is his fourth appearance here, and on the previous three occasions, Gupta has been a joint winner twice and joint second once. This time the tide may turn and he can win it solely barring a debacle in the last round game.Grandmaster Surya Shekhar Ganguly was quite unlucky not to convert a simply won position against Shota Azaladze of Georgia and surprisingly ended on the losing side. This was a rare error by Ganguly who works with World champion Viswanathan Anand as his second.As a result of this faux pas, Ganguly remained on 5.5 points and Gupta now enjoys a full-point lead over nearest rivals Azaladze, Marin Bosiocic of Croatia, Alessio Valsecchi and Ashwin Jayaram.For the records, Ashwin Jayaram recorded the biggest upset in the tournament by defeating top seed Tigran Petrosian of Armenia in the eighth round.Among other Indians in the fray, Grandmaster S P Sethuraman played out a draw with higher ranked Ioannis Papaioannou of Greece while International Master Akshayraj Kore drew with Davit Maghalashvili of Georgia. S Nitin and GA Stany won their games against lower ranked opponents while Neelotpal Das and Kruttika Nadig conceded draws.Gupta has been playing this tournament in full steam and the penultimate round was no exception. Playing the white side of a King's Indian defense, the BPCL employee went for the blood in the Saemisch variation and got a huge position advantage in the middle game. Damljanovic fought back but could not keep Gupta from striving for more and in the end, the double passed pawns in the center had the final say.Gupta was not too pleased with his effort and opined that \"it should have been an easier win\". Damljanovic resigned when he was about to lose a piece for nothing.Ganguly played with a lot of energy and was close to winning against Azaladze out of a Modern defense but disaster struck as he made a tactical error and found black back in the game. It was not too easy to stage a comeback thereafter and Ganguly lost the exchange and the game soon after.Important and Indian results round 8 (Indians unless stated): Abhijeet Gupta (7) beat Branko Damljanovic (Srb, 5.5); Surya Shekhar Ganguly (5.5) lost to Shota Azaladze (Geo, 6); Ashwin Jayaram (6) beat Tigran Petrosian (Arm, 5); S P Sethuraman (5.5) drew with Ioannis Papaioannou (Gre, 5.5); Tornike Sanikidze (Geo, 5) lost to Alessio Valsecchi (Ita, 6); Marin Bosiocic (Cro, 6) beat Epaminondas Kourousis (Gre, 5); Sergey Volkov (5.5) beat Antonios Pavlidis (Gre, 5); Niranjan Navalgund (4.5) lost to Alojzije Jankovic (Cro, 5.5); Akshayraj Kore (5) drew with Davit Maghalashvili (Geo, 5); Sebastian Filippas (Gre, 4.5) drew with Neelotpal Das (4.5); S Nitin (5) beat Georgios Nikolaou (Gre, 4): G A Stany (4.5) beat Ekaterini Fakhiridou (Gre, 3.5); Kruttika Nadig (3.5) drew with Alexandra Terzidaki (Gre, 3.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303895", "title": "Sun TV seals deal with Arasu at Rs 3cr a month", "text": "CHENNAI: Business and politics make strange bedfellows. The latest example is the deal between AIADMK-led Tamil Nadu government's cable service provider Arasu and Kalanithi Maran's Sun TV Network. The agreement, reached after year-long negotiations, will ensure that all Sun channels are now available on the Arasu network.\"The final discussions were held on July 26 and the agreement was signed on Monday,\" Arasu Cable TV Corporation managing director S Vivekanandan told TOI. Stating that the agreement is valid for one year, he said the Sun TV group will offer 37 channels to Arasu with immediate effect. Government sources said Arasu will pay nearly 3 crore per month to Sun Network. Though started by the previous Karunanidhi government after the feud within the DMK first family, Arasu failed to make much impact and was allowed to fade into oblivion. On her return to power, chief minister J Jayalalithaa revived its operations in a bid to end the monopoly of private cable operators. After its re-launch , the Arasu Cable made available 90 channels, including some pay channels, at a monthly charge of just 70, to subscribers.However, Sun channels, which enjoy a dominant market share in terms of viewership ratings, were not available on the Arasu network. Following public demand, Arasu officials held talks with Sun TV management.Sources said initially the Sun TV group demanded 17 crore for its channels. However, the state government was not willing to pay the amount and a series of meetings were held before a deal was struck last Monday. \"We are pleased with this development as it brings the negotiations to a mutually beneficial closure,\" Sun Group chief financial officer S L Narayanan told TOI. Stating that Sun TV has for long been a household name in the state, he said, \"We are happy that all our channels will now be officially available on the cable networks served by Arasu.\"Industry sources said the Sun TV group will also start earning additional advertisement revenues through this agreement. According to a report released on Tuesday by Edelweiss, a stock broking firm, the deal is structurally positive for Sun TV as both its subscription base and ad revenues are likely to benefit from it. \"In the absence of a deal with Arasu, Sun TV analog subscription revenue had declined by 24% year-on-year in the financial year 2012,\" the report said. The deal will also be positive for Sun TV's ad revenue, which had dipped by 3% yearon-year in the financial year 2012, owing to slowdown in ad growth as well as drop in viewership due to rising competition and lack of transmission on Arasu's network. Arasu claims that 95% of all cable operators outside Chennai are in its fold. It also claims a subscriber base of 55 lakh with 20,000 cable operators under its umbrella. The revenue collection per month for Arasu Cable is about 9 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15306642", "title": "Govt clears air over RTE, says \u2018no-fail\u2019 misinterpreted", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after the implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, confusion among schools and parents over its nuances forced the education department to clear the air.\"The RTE Act clearly states that no board exams can be conducted till class VIII, school exams were never mentioned in the Act,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA). The SSA held meetings with school principals and at the same time, issued circulars to explain various aspects of the Act.State education minister Rajendra Darda told TOI, \"We realised even some education officials had doubts about certain clauses of the RTE, so we conducted workshops for our officials in every region.\" A session was conducted on July 20 at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai.Educationists agreed that the confusion over the RTE's implementation was due to lack of proper awareness among the general public. \"RTE is a very comprehensive Act and in the past two years, the government has not done enough to spread awareness, \" said Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education. He said a number of Government Resolutions only left schools confused. \"The entire focus was on 'no-fail' policy and the 25% reservation for underprivileged children, everything else was ignored all this while,\" he added.Schools are also blaming parents for students failing in class IX. \"More than students, parents have started taking education very lightly. They are under the impression that their kids will be promoted to the next class. When it comes to class IX, they expect schools to promote their children again. Why are schools being blamed? We are only following rules,\" said the principal of a suburban school.Times ViewFollow RTE in spiritThe Right To Education Act should be followed in spirit rather than in letter. It's true schools have a tough job, having to follow all the new rules while trying to hold on to their brand value by getting brilliant results in board examinations. But, in all this, schools need to remember their first responsibility is to their students. Being fair to students should always be the priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15299920", "title": "32 law students suspended", "text": "MADURAI: As many as 32 students of the Madurai Law College were suspended after they allegedly detained the college principal for two hours here. The students were staging a protest for the past one week against privatisation of law studies.The students were on a strike pressing for various demands, including opposition to open private law colleges and provide free government laptops to them. The striking students allegedly locked the staff room from outside on Monday even as the principal Thangapandian along with few other teaching faculty were inside.They telephoned the police and a team rushed to the college, but failed to enter the premises. Only after few advocates from the Madurai Bar Association intervened, the door was opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15307002", "title": "Exlservices quarterly profit up 7%", "text": "NEW DELHI: BPO firm ExlService Holdings has said its net profit has increased 6.84 per cent to $9.05 million (Rs 50.3 crore) for the quarter ended June 30.The company, which has majority of its centres in India, had posted net profit of $8.47 million for the same period last year.\"As expected, our transformation practice accelerated, and achieved record quarterly revenues and gross profits. Growth was driven by strong demand for decision analytics services, particularly in the insurance and banking verticals,\" ExlService Holdings Vice Chairman and CEO Rohit Kapoor said in a statement.Revenues stood at $108.03 million for the reported quarter, up 27.06 per cent from $85.02 million in the April-June 2011 quarter.For 2012, the company expects its revenues to be in the range of $438 million to $442 million (assuming a second half of 2012 exchange rate of Rs 55 to the US dollar), primarily due to ongoing weakness in the rupee, it said.The company, at the beginning of the year had said, its revenues are expected to be in the range of $445 million to $455 million.\"Since we first provided 2012 guidance in March at an exchange rate of Rs 49 to the dollar, the rupee has depreciated by over 10 per cent, creating a revenue headwind of approximately $10 million. On a constant currency basis, the midpoint of our revenue guidance remains the same,\" the company said.EXL's headcount grew to about 19,500 as of June 30, 2012 compared to about 19,200 as of March 31, 2012.Its attrition for the reported quarter declined marginally to 28.4 per cent as compared to 29.7 per cent for the preceding quarter.\"During the quarter, margins expanded driven by foreign exchange as well as a consequence of the rapid growth in our transformation business. This margin expansion more than offset the headwinds from wage increases implemented during the quarter,\" ExlService Holdings CFO Vishal Chhibbar said.The hedging strategy performed as expected, ensuring stable earnings per share despite foreign exchange volatility, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300487", "title": "Naxals take up arms against country liquor", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra has banned Gutkha and the Naxals in state have banned locally manufactured liquor 'Gudumba', prepared from jaggery or 'gud'. A banner of the Naxals, found at Jimulgatte in Aheri taluka on the occasion of their July 28-August 3 Martyrs' week, warned the local tribal against making or trading the brew.In the district that has total liquor prohibition, the cadres of the banned Communist Party of India (Maoist), better known as Naxalites , now have issued fiat against the liquor. The rebels have warned the bootleggers stating that continuing the trade may mean death for them.It is learnt the Naxals had started their campaign against liquor in the district a couple of months earlier. However, they are using their ongoing bandh and Martyrs week to remind the local population about the ban. After having ransacked some dens of country liquor and thrashing their owners in Dhanora tehsil in northern Gadchiroli earlier this year, Naxals turned their attention towards the southern part of the district. Earlier this year, a bunch of rebels had barged into the home of a local bootlegger in Perimili and also vandalized his car. The bootlegger was not at home. The Naxals left the village after firing a few shots on the police station.A local source from the district analyzed the latest move of the rebels stating that it is aimed at having a two way impact. \"There are allegations that police offer protection to local bootleggers for monetary favours. The Naxals' targeting bootleggers will hit the interests of unscrupulous cops. It will also burnish their image of Naxals for fighting a social evil,\" said the source.It is learnt the Naxals have also been speaking out against making and consumption of liquor in their village meetings too. According to a source, they were issuing not only general threats but also taking specific names urging the villagers to pass their message to bootleggers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299915", "title": "Online grievances to Central Administrative Tribunal soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Very soon, applications to the Central Administrative Tribunal, Bangalore can be filed online. It'll be the first state in the country with this initiative. K B Suresh, member and head of department, CAT, Bangalore branch said on the sidelines of a press meet that the form can be downloaded and the applicant can fill it in by clicking the relevant boxes. The respondent can also log on and fill it up.\"A new software is being developed,\" said Suresh. He said the tribunal covers more than 500 central organizations and the average disposal time of an application at the tribunal varies anywhere between six months to a year, depending on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299780", "title": "Jilted paramour kills woman in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A garment factory employee who dumped her lover-colleague for another man was allegedly killed by the jilted man.Chitra, 32, of Kundalahalli Colony was a housekeeper at a garment factory in Seetaramaiahana Palya and lived with her second husband and her two children.The murder came to light on July 25 morning when her colleague M Srinivas, 23, went to a lake opposite the factory to attend nature's call. He saw her body in the bushes and alerted police.Investigations revealed she had fallen in love with a colleague, M Nagaraj, 23, who lives near the garment factory and is from Bangarpet in Kolar district.\"Nagaraj met with an accident three months ago and had gone to his home town to recuperate. During his absence, Chitra fell in love with Mohan. When Nagaraj returned and came to know about this, he quarrelled with her. He invited Chitra to meet him near the lake and strangled her with a towel. Nagaraj has confessed to the killing. We're questioning him whether he raped Chitra before the killing her. He has been remanded to police custody,\" assistant commissioner (Ulsoor sub division) N Narasimhaiah told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15301140", "title": "Moulding tomorrow's leaders", "text": "Student Police Cadet (SPC) is a futuristic project by Kerala Police for high school students to evolve as future leaders. The project, conceived at a workshop in 2006 and launched in Ernakulam in 2008, has 10,648 active student police cadets, 242 community police officers across 121 schools of Kerala. \"SPC's goal is a humane society where citizens respect laws, practice responsible behaviour, demonstrate empathy and tackle community issues,\" said state nodal officer of the programme P Vijayan.Our mission is to unlock the potential of youth and make them capable of becoming national leaders, he added. \"Today, SPCs manage traffic near their school, raid shops that sell banned products with the help of police, reach out to the weaker sections and report about criminal activities. SPC is study material for many state police forces,\" said Vijayan.Also there is a broader aspect behind the initiative. More than 50% of India's population is below 25 years of age. This demographic profile, if trained, will help India to be a world leader. The country faces major challenges in criminal, anti-social and separatist behaviour in youth, including destructive forms of terrorism despite modern standards of living. \"This is where SPC comes handy and how they influence youth, society and community,\" said the officer.\"SPC detected 9 lakh motorists and pedestrians who broke the traffic rules from April 17 to 26 and taught them about the need to follow rules. Which organization can perform better than SPC in taking up such tasks?\" asked Thrissur resident P Damodaran.According to teachers, SPCs are becoming role models. If a group of teachers praise SPCs' effort, others highlight their social activities. \"At least I'm sure they will look after their parents and will never send them to any old-age homes,\" said Mini V, a teacher at AV High School, Ponnani.The project is getting national acclaim too. Director of National Police Academy (NPA) VN Rai had recently suggested that the project be implemented across the country. \"We were invited to NPA two months ago to explain the project to 200-odd IPS officers. DGP Jacob Punnoose will present a detailed project report to the home minister,\" said Vijayan.\"People may get a feeling that the SPC is creating more policemen in the society, no its not. It seeks to instil a policeman within each youth,\" said Vijayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299353", "title": "CBI files closure report in graft case against ex-CEO of Prasar Bharti", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has filed a closure report in a Delhi court in a case involving ex-CEO of Prasar Bharti B S Lalli, saying the agency found no substantive evidence against him on charges of committing fraud and conspiracy in awarding broadcasting rights for the 2010 Commonwealth Games . The closure report has been filed before Special CBI Judge Talwant Singh who has kept it for consideration on August 4.The closure report said that the CBI did not find substantive evidence against Lalli and Managing Director of Delhi-based Zoom Communications Wasim Dehlvi, also the resident director of UK-based SIS Live. The CBI had last year booked both Lalli and Dehlvi for offences punishable under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) and 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code, respectively.The agency had alleged that a major portion of the Rs 246-crore contract given to SIS Live by Prasar Bharti for \"production and coverage\" of CWG was sub-contracted to Zoom Communications for Rs 176 crore resulting in a loss of about Rs 100 crore to the exchequer.In its FIR, the CBI had alleged that a number of conditions were relaxed in favour of SIS Live, including a provision pertaining to sub-contracting to Zoom Communications.The agency also probed whether Doordarshan's decision of not to cover 10 of the 17 CWG events through in-house production was \"malafide\". It had alleged that Doordarshan initially decided to cover 10 sporting events, but later reduced it to three allegedly to favour the private contractor. The case was referred to the CBI by the Prime Minister's Office in light of the Shunglu committee report and another findings submitted by then Cabinet Secretary K M Chandrasekhar.The Shunglu panel had fixed the responsibility for providing \"undue benefit\" to SIS-Live and Zoom Communications primarily on Lalli and former Doordarshan Director-General Aruna Sharma and had said that they cannot be recused from the acts of omission and commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302682", "title": "Dahod cops let jailbird out, held", "text": "VADODARA: Guards of Dahod District Jail allowed a prisoner lodged there to visit home on Monday night. But the guards as well as the inmate and his accomplices landed in trouble when someone tipped off Dahod superintendent of police (SP) about it.Yunus Khan Maulvi was an accused in an attempt to murder case that was registered against him after an attack on Dahod municipality's shops-establishments committee chairman Niraj Desai. Yunus was arrested on July 16 and was lodged in Dahod jail.On Wednesday night, Dahod SP Nipuna Torawane got a tip-off regarding Yunus being allowed to go out. \"I asked our officers to verify the claims and it transpired that the information was true. Yunus and his two accomplices were nabbed outside the prison,\" Torawane said.Sources said Yunus was about to go back in the prison when he was nabbed.The involvement of four police personnel - head constable Dala Rama, constable Somsinh Mangal, constable Chinu Gopal and Lokrakshak Dal jawan Rakesh Raju - came to light and they were arrested. Yunus was also booked in connection with the case and arrested along with Farooq Patel and Sikandar Pathan, who had come to take him and drop him back at the prison.Preliminary interrogation of the jail guards has revealed that Yunus and his accomplices had claimed that his mother was ill and requested them to let him go. The policemen have been suspended pending inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300924", "title": "Cops\u2019 Iran visit on, new dates soon: PC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said the Iranian government had agreed to allow Indian authorities to question some suspects in Iran and fresh dates were being fixed to send a team of Delhi Police to Tehran in connection with the probe into the February 13 bombing of an Israeli Embassy vehicle here.\"There are some persons who we believe are in Iran, who require to be questioned. So, we asked the government of Iran for permission for one of our teams to go to Iran to question them. They have agreed\", Chidambaram said when asked about the progress of the probe.Stating that there was some inconvenience about the dates, he said: \"I think fresh dates are being fixed in next few days. A team from the Delhi Police will go to Iran to question those persons\".Asked whether Iranian Republican Guards were allegedly involved in the bombing of the car, Chidambaram said he read such report in newspapers... \"let the police team (which will visit Tehran in connection with the probe) return\". Pressed further whether such report is true or false, Chidambaram said: \"which, I cannot answer...let the police team return\".The Delhi Police had sought fresh dates for sending a team to Tehran to seek help from their Iranian counterparts in its probe into the bombing of the vehicle here.Conveying its willingness to assist Delhi Police a fortnight ago, Iran had permitted its team to carry forward its probe in that country. However, the Delhi Police could not send its team due to logistical reasons.The visit was necessitated after the role of four Iranian nationals surfaced in the bombing that took place barely 500 metres away from the high-security residence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Delhi Police has named Houshang Afshar as the main accused who had planted a bomb on the vehicle of Israeli diplomat Tal Yeshua that left her injured. The names of three more Iranian nationals \u2014 Masoud Sedaghatzadeh, Saeid Moradi and Mohammad Kharzei \u2014 have also come to light during the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15302747", "title": "VCA's residential academies unlikely in Amravati, Wardha", "text": "NAGPUR: When Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) started looking for talent in the nearby districts three years ago, for the first batch of its Residential Academy, they got a tremendous response.Around 3,500 boys from every talukas were scanned. Excited with the talent they saw in the districts, VCA announced two more residential academies at Shegaon and Amravati, and later added Wardha to the list.However, after its falling out with Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Shikshan Sanstha at Shegaon, VCA is unlikely to go ahead with the residential academies at Wardha and Amravati.\"It has nothing to do with what happened in Shegaon, but residential academies in Wardha and Amravati won't be possible in the near future until we get enough talent. However, there will be enough facilities for district cricketers in these two places,\" VCA sources told TOI on Tuesday.The residential academy was conceptualized by former VCA and BCCI president Shashank Manohar. After his first dream project - Jamtha stadium - was completed successfully in 2008, Manohar launched residential academy for the players aged between 13 and 19 in 2009.However, after two years, VCA has done away with the concept and it will now only be a coaching centre. At present, only those who are representing Vidarbha in different age categories will stay in the academy.\"Though players were helped by the facilities in the academy, we felt that many district players went into comfort zone. They didn't want to go home even in vacations because of the facilities they were getting here. We still take care of players who are playing BCCI tournaments. It requires a lot of money to maintain these academies. We want to utilize money in a proper manner. In the future, if we see enough talent coming, these academies can have residential facilities,\" he said.Sources also said that most members felt that there's no point of residential facilities for local players, who can avail these facilities even while staying at home.\"Players used to feel homesick. Besides, this money can be utilized elsewhere. They have world class infrastructure and some very good coaches. So, they can utilize these facilities while we can utilize these rooms for some other purpose. Last year, teams from Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra stayed there during Bapuna Cup. We can have other teams this year,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299902", "title": "Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport plans speed governors for buses", "text": "MUMBAI: Learning from Monday's bus accident in Nahur, BEST has decided to expedite the installation of 1,000 speed limiters, or governors, in its red buses by the end of August. It will also reshuffle drivers on certain routes and put only experienced drivers with a zero accident record on long-distance routes.\"The speed limiters (devices used to measure and regulate the speed of a vehicle) will be a good solution to the problem. If we impose a limit of 50-65 kmph for the buses, the drivers will have no option but to drive slowly. We also plan to take stringent action against lane-cutting, which will be a big deterrent,\" said an official from BEST's transport wing.Initially, the speed limiters, which are to be procured from Indian firms, will be installed in 25% of BEST's red bus fleet. After being thus put to the test, they will be gradually installed in the remaining buses.There are also plans to seek passenger feedback on drivers and conductors, make the workers' union to spread awareness on safe driving, and make BEST's inspectors to increase surveillance. \"We are rewarding drivers who have a zero-accident record,\" said BEST union leader Sharad Rao.BEST committee member Ravi Raja said the undertaking should not rely only on the traffic police to catch offenders. \"Our own inspectors should keep tabs on buses at prominent junctions and bus stops and give memos to drivers involved in lane-cutting, speeding, jumping signals, etc. We also need to hold audio-visual workshops for young drivers on the hazards of perilous driving.\"The undertaking hopes to lower its bus accident rate once the corrective steps are taken. An official said, \"We regularly conduct road safety and traffic rule programmes for drivers. Still, it has not been possible to have a zero accident rate.\"On an average, we have two minor accidents daily. Once we restrict the speed of our buses and take disciplinary action against offenders, this should become zero.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302703", "title": "Green march on campus", "text": "VADODARA: It was an army of a different kind that marched on the M S University (MSU) campus on Tuesday. 'The Environment Army' comprising students, faculty and university authorities conducted 'The Environment March' to create awareness on green cause and kicked off a campaign to plant 10,000 trees on the campus.On Tuesday morning, students wearing caps with 'I am MSU Environment Warrior' turned up in large numbers at CC Mehta Auditorium to take part in the environment march. After students took the oath to save environment, NCC volunteers led the march giving salute to principal secretary, forest and environment Dr S K Nanda, who was guest of honour. This army had MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh as its 'General' with several 'brigadiers' who led the green cause. \"Students from all faculties participated in large numbers and staged unique performances to spread the message of conversation of trees,\" senate member Hemal Mehta said.\"If a team from Baroda Sanskrit Mahavidyalaya sang 'Vanaspati Stuti', those from Faculty of Fine Arts presented the 'jungle story' apart from putting up exhibition of portraits. Another group from Faculty of Family and Community Science presented 'bhavai' performance,\" said Mehta.As Nanda flagged off the Environment Rath that later distributed over 2,000 plant saplings across the campus, teachers and students adopted the saplings that will be nurtured for next three years.\"After the march, 10,000 seed balls were thrown across the campus as part of the plantation drive,\" Mehta added.Nanda declared that as the state government takes up projects for rejuvenation of Vishwamitri river, it will also seek support of MSU's Environment Army. He also announced that students selected by MSU for creating best poster will be given award under green movement.City-based industrialist Premraj Kashyap announced that a tree garden competition will soon be held at the campus. Kashyap has also donated Rs 50,000 towards poor students' fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299016", "title": "Techie booked in dowry case in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A dowry death case has been booked against a software engineer after his wife committed suicide at Moosapet in the city.The victim was 25-year-old housewife Deepti. She married Vishwarupa Chary, a software engineer with a company at Madhapur a couple of years ago. After a heated argument with Chary on Monday morning, Deepti locked him in the bedroom and hanged herself to the ceiling fan in another room at their home, Sanathnagar inspector S Srinivasa Rao said.After a while, Chary managed to get out of the room and found his wife hanging to the ceiling fan. With the help of the neighbours, he quickly shifted Deepti to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead.Later during the night, Deepti's parents approached the Sanathnagar police and lodged a complaint against Chary. \"They alleged that Deepti committed suicide due to harassment by Chary. They alleged that Chary was pestering Deepti for dowry,\" the inspector said.After shifting the body for post-mortem police booked a case against Chary under section 304B (dowry death) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299534", "title": "Maharashtra shared grid\u2019s extra burden, insulated itself", "text": "MUMBAI: The state power ministry had cautioned the Union power ministry of major or total grid failures if certain northern states did not stop overdrawing power from the national grid.Following the major failure on Tuesday, Maharashtra and other states in the western grid, who shared their daily 3,000 MW power generation with northern grid states, shared the extra burden with each other by reducing generation through proper coordination. The western zone extended power to load-shedding-hit areas to manage the burden. On Monday, Maharashtra managed a loss of around 600 MW by generating extra at the Koyna plant.Since 2009, the state ministry has written several letters on how it has been often forced to stop taking its share of power from the national pool due to overdrawing by some northern states. \"Had the state withdrawn power, the country would have faced major grid failures and blackouts,\" the state had pointed out.Having experienced this many times, Maharashtra and others in the western grid evolved a mechanism to keep their grid live in case of others' failures. On Monday-Tuesday, the western zone exhibited this through coordination. Mumbai has an islanding system which isolates it from grid failure.In September 2009, the ministry had pointed out that UP, Haryana and Punjab overdrew for 23 consecutive days without prior intimation. \"They overdrew 1,000 MW 25 times a day in September 2009,\" sources said.State power minister Sunil Tatkare had complained in August 2009, when the three overdrew power. The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) in May 2010 raised the tariff of overdrawn power and increased the penalty. The states have not stopped overdrawing due to the drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301270", "title": "NMC plays spoilsport for Nagpur sportspersons", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body has been neglecting promotion of sports in its schools despite a budget allocation being made every year. It is mandatory for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to hold interschool competitions, but NMC has been 'forgetting' this for the last seven years. This is resulting in a saving of mere Rs25 lakh per year, which is peanuts as compared to NMC's annual budget of Rs1,200 crore.To promote sports and give exposure to budding players, the state issued a notification on November 14, 2003, raising the status of municipal corporations from tehsil to district. This allows students from such cities to be selected directly to the divisional-level sports competitions.The notification also asks municipal corporations to hold interschool competitions and send city teams directly to divisional-level from 2004-05. The district sports department was entrusted with running sports activities in rural areas only. So, NMC is required to hold 47 interschool sports competitions for students of all city schools. The competitions are to be organized between August and November, with the expense estimated at Rs20-25 lakh per year.Unfortunately, NMC has not taken up this activity. Confirming NMC's negligence, district sports officer Subhash Gamreddiwar told TOI the sports department is still organizing city and district sports activities. \"District sports office has limited budget and is unable to even distribute cash prizes to winners. Students are encouraged by giving just certificates. This is the reason we have been unable to lift standards if sports. NMC is not taking any initiative for city schools despite several reminders. A request was even sent to just give Rs20 lakh per year if they are not ready to organized the competitions, but that too was not done by NMC,\" he said.NMC allocates crores for sports in the annual budget, but most of the money is spent on holding state-level competitions in association with private sports associations. The rewards frequently go to outsiders, even as NMC continues to neglect city students.NMC's sports and cultural officer Hambirrao Mohite told TOI proposals are prepared by the department but fail to get approval. \"The standing committee made provision of Rs20 lakh in budget of 2011-12 but we could not hold the competitions. The proposal is ready this year too and will be submitted to the municipal commissioner,\" he said.According to NMC, Rs8 lakh were spent on sports in 2011-12 despite provision of Rs3 crore in the annual budget. In 2009-10, NMC spent Rs62.21 lakh on sports, Rs29.72 lakh in 2008-09 and Rs19.53 lakh in 2007-08.In fact, NMC has to spend Rs40 crore per annum on sports. According to a circular dated March 9, 1998, issued by the urban development department of Government of Maharashtra, NMC should spend 5% of its total budget on sports. NMC's annual expenditure is around Rs800 crore, which means Rs40 crore should be spent on sports every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15299894", "title": "Federation to empower women soon", "text": "PORVORIM: Minister for women and child devlopment Dilip Parulekar said that the government intends to form a women's federation for the welfare and empowerment of women in the state.Briefly speaking on the demands for grants to women and child department, the minister on Tuesday said that many women are exploited by politicians for political gains and this needs to be stopped. For this, the women need to be mobilized and brought under one umbrella, he said. Stating that self help groups andother women groups would be brought under the federation, Parulekar said soon the executive board would be appointed.Referring to Laadli laxmi scheme, the minister said that there is tremendous response for the scheme which was launched on July 6. He said cheques of one lakh would be distributed to some 200 women at a function to be held soon.As announced earlier, he said another scheme giving allowance to housewives would be launched soon. While the name is not finalised, he said, Grahalaxmi or Shreelaxmi are being thought of. Responding to queries, he said the deadline for Kanyadhan scheme has been extended by 15 days.Earlier, St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh said that the Goa children's Act which was enacted during the BJP regime 9 years ago, has become toothless because of amendments brought on by earlier governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299257", "title": "Raj\u2019s family visits Sena supremo ahead of endoscopy", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior doctors from Lilavati Hospital on Tuesday went into a huddle in preparation of an endoscopy to be performed on Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Wednesday.Dr Nageshwar Reddy, an interventional gastroenterologist, and his team will perform the invasive procedure, said sources. Dr Sharad Shah, Dr Aniruddh Phadke and Dr Jalil Parkar will also be part of the team, sources claim.The Sena chief's son, Uddhav Thackeray, visited the hospital and called on his ailing father.Thackeray was admitted to hospital on July 24 after he complained of breathlessness and acute constipation.Initially, the Sena chief was unwilling to get himself admitted to hospital in view of Uddhav's heart ailment. The Sena CEO underwent a successful angioplasty at the hospital on July 20 and was discharged two days later. A day later, Thackeray was admitted to Lilavati Hospital.The octogenarian is cheerful and alert, said a close relative on Tuesday. \"Balasaheb eats a light diet, reads newspapers and is very alert,\" the relative added. Thackeray has been shifted to a special suite on the eleventh floor of the hospital. Apart from Uddhav Thackeray, MNS chief Raj Thackeray's mother Kunda, wife Sharmila and son Amit Thackeray called on the ailing Sena patriarch on Tuesday. Chandrakanth Vaidya, the Sena supremo's brother-in-law also visited him.Reports of Thackeray's endoscopy have triggered considerable interest among Shiv Sainiks. A contingent of party workers flocked to the hospital on Tuesday to check on the Sena chief. Prayers are being offered in temples across Mumbai for the speedy recovery of Thackeray and son Uddhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15299506", "title": "No failure of student till Class VII under Right To Education, a misconception, says minister", "text": "AJMER: Union minister of state for IT Sachin Pilot said only education is changing youths of the country who are now emerging in every field across the world.It is now time to tag IT along with education to improve the GDP so that the youths can help the farmer population to gain benefit out of the sector, Pilot said addressing an inaugural function of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education's auditorium here on Tuesday.\"Only education could improve things which are still lacking. The government is doing its best to provide facilities and budget for these programs but it depends on the youths to utilize them,\" the minister said.State education minister Brij Kishore Sharma, who presided over the function, said, \"It is a misconception that under right to education, no student will be allowed to fail up to Class VII. The fact is that teachers are instructed to evaluate the student's everyday activities - from coming to school on time to behaving in class - and prepare a monthly report on it. This will not only give the right perspective of their academic development but also show their personality improvement.\"Pilot also attended the unveiling of a postage stamp on Durga Parsad Choudhary. Speaking on the occasion, he said, \"Lives of freedom fighters are like lamp posts; they illuminate and guide society in the right direction. Their sacrifices during the freedom struggle movement have left imprints on our society acting as landmarks in our social life.\"Union minister of state for tribal development Mahadev Singh Khandela also attended the function.Briefing on the life of Captain Durga Parsad Choudhary, his son Deenbandhu Chaudhary said, \"He is the one who had never thought of his sufferings. Words of Gandhi were the final verdict for him. He went to jail many times for freedom struggle. Mahatma Gandhi called him Captain when he constituted the Sewadal in Ajmer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15303582", "title": "Students brave it out", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the age of 'smart schools' and 'fully AC campus', Monday-Tuesday's power woes left the little ones greatly discomforted.\"The humid weather has already made lives difficult and now electricity is making it unbearable. Though we have a generator, it does not meet the AC requirements. The kids were restless through it all,\" said Ruchika Arora, the principal of Cherubs Pre School. The principal of KVM, Namita Puri, added, \"Students cannot concentrate properly on their studies and extra-curricular activities due to the hot and humid conditions.\"\"Using a generator is becoming unaffordable due to regular power cuts. It's so sweaty and my children get irritated whenever there is an outage,\" said Gunjan Sethi, a resident of Dugri Phase-I.Commerce student Amita, a resident of Model Town, said, \"I cannot concentrate on my studies. The power cuts lasted so long...\".Patients at state-run civil hospital in Field Ganj faced inconvenience as power remained disrupted through Tuesday. A patient's attendant, Rajesh Kumar of Model Town, said, \"For about half an hour, there was no electricity supply to the hospital... the patients were scared as they did not know how long it would take for power to restore.\"The senior medical officer at civil hospital, Dr Karamveer Goel, said, \"Though we have inverters and generators in the hospital, it's not possible to carry out all operations and surgeries by power generated by these. Patients had to face some inconvenience due to breakdown.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299403", "title": "HC rules against fuel surcharge on power bills", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Tuesday set aside the decision of various power distribution companies to collect fuel surcharge from consumers and ordered the discoms to adjust the amount already collected in future bills. The power companies, citing additional expenditure incurred in the past, have been imposing a Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA) over and above the normal bills.Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy also declared that the AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) has no power to allow discoms to collect FSA retrospectively beyond a 30-day period. Currently, the discoms have been ignoring this timeframe and charging FSA for losses incurred in 2008-09 and 2009-10. The judge also ruled that APERC will have to wait till the Supreme Court decides its plea on allowing discoms to collect FSA. He also pointed out that the earlier judgment of a division bench, which too ruled against FSA saying it was not enforceable, is binding.Though the judge made this order on a batch of writ petitions filed by several industrial power users, it would be equally applicable to domestic consumers.Earlier, the division bench in its order in January had said that the power distribution companies have to make good on any additional expenditure within the specified timeframe (30 days) given to them and directed the distribution companies not to recover Rs 1,650 crore from consumers for 2008-09. Despite this order, the Discoms and the APERC had levied FSA even for 2009-10.D V Nagarjun Babu, one of the advocates who appeared for the industrial consumers, said that despite clear directions from the HC the power companies have been levying FSA year after year. \"Though we approached the court for certain industries, since the court set aside the whole FSA, all such additional charges on industrial as well as domestic consumers would go,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301186", "title": "Deaf and dumb youth hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Depressed on being jobless, a deaf and dumb youth ended his life on Tuesday. The 24-year-old Kunal Pendam was found hanging from the ceiling fan at his Anand Nagar residence, under the jurisdiction of Yashodhara Nagar police station.Police said that Pendam was working as a caterer. Since the last two months, he was jobless.Pendam committed suicide while his younger sister Deepika (16) was busy in the kitchen and mother Sunanda had gone to book a cylinder. His father Durgadas works as a labourer at Ordnance factory.The body was sent to Mayo mortuary for post-mortem. Police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302165", "title": "One held for murder of elderly woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 31-year-old cab driver was arrested on Monday night for murdering an elderly woman, a few weeks ago. The police seized seven sovereigns of gold jewels from him. Police said the culprit had borrowed lakhs of rupees from various persons in the city and he could not repay it. He decided to murder the woman for easy gain.The accused has been identified as K Senthilkumar of Kovaipudur in the city. According to police K Saraswathi, 64 of Vishalakshi garden in Kovaipudur was murdered at her residence on July 8. Seven sovereigns of gold jewels and the house keys were missing. A special team was formed by city police commissioner A K Viswanathan to nab the culprits.The cab driver was caught on Monday night. He told police that he was a neighbour and he had spoken to her at her residence. Later, he even claimed he lived there. When he tried to snatch the elderly woman's gold chain she shouted for help. He smothered her using a pillow to keep her quiet. He broke open the steel bureau and stole seven sovereigns of gold jewels and locked the door and gate of the house from outside. A bad smell emanated from the house and neighbours informed the police on July 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15303108", "title": "Pakistan allows Nato supplies to Afghanistan, secures $1 billion aid from US", "text": "ISLAMABAD: After weeks of hard talk, Pakistan inked a new deal with the US on Tuesday to govern arrangements for Nato supplies to Afghanistan, replacing the vague memorandum of understanding that existed between the two countries since 2004.The deal came a day before three-day visit of Pakistan's intelligence chief, lieutenant general Zaheer ul-Islam, to Washington on August 1 for talks with CIA officials in an early sign of new but shaky reconciliation. The agreement was part of an overall review Pakistan had sought in its ties with the US in the wake of last year's Nato air raid which killed 24 soldiers, causing a seven-month blockade of land routes for Nato-led forces in Afghanistan. Pakistan ended the blockade after US secretary of state Hillary Clinton said a symbolic \"sorry\" for the soldiers' deaths.The new agreement was signed by US deputy ambassador to Pakistan Richard Hoagland and Pakistan additional secretary of defence rear admiral Farrokh Ahmad in Rawalpindi. It will be effective till December 31, 2015 and could be extended for one year after consultations.As part of the agreement, the US will release $1.1 billion under the Coalition Support Fund to reimburse the troubled nation for fighting militants within its borders.According to the draft, Islamabad will not allow the transport of arms and ammunition into Afghanistan through its territory. However, military equipment for the Afghan National Army will be allowed. Transport of non-lethal cargo which includes food and medicine will be allowed in containers measuring 20 feet by 40 feet.Two routes have been identified for the Nato trucks. Containers on the southern route will travel from Karachi (Bin Qasim Port) via Chaman in Balochistan province while the northern route caters to supplies from Karachi via Torkham in Khyber tribal region. The MoU states that Pakistan will not provide warehouses or storage facilities for the goods.Pakistan has agreed to provide facilities for security and quick transfer of cargo and will keep the US informed about the transit points of shipments. But the government will not be responsible for any damage to carriers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15299334", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze mystery deepens", "text": "NELLORE: A day after the blaze that killed 28 passengers in the ill-fated S-11 coach of Tamil Nadu Express near here, mystery over the cause of fire deepened with the investigators grappling to gather evidence from the gutted bogie. As the police and forensic expert teams on Tuesday wondered how the blaze turned to cinder the entire coach within a span of 20-30 minutes, a close look at the death pattern of the passengers presented a puzzle.While passenger in berth number 1 Chitra of Delhi escaped unhurt, D Shalini of Kapra, Hyderabad, occupying berth no 2 lost her life. Passengers who occupied berths from 3 to 7 were safe, while occupant of berth no 8 Anil of Delhi was untraceable even 48 hours after the tragedy. Again, passengers of berth nos 9-13 escaped from the fire, P Sunitha of Vijayawada on berth no 14 is missing and presumed dead.Some of the survivors told TOI that the fire did not break out from one end, as passengers from both the corners and middle of the coach were also burnt alive. \"In addition to the jammed doors, the fire seemed to have spread to all corners almost simultaneously leaving little or no scope for the passengers to escape,\" an investigating official told TOI.A case in point: Initial reports said the fire had broken out from the toilet located near berth no 72. While the passengers who occupied berths 65 to 71 were safe, Uttam Kumar of Vijayawada (berth no 72) died. \"Majority of the victims were those who occupied the middle portion of the coach,\" a forensic expert said.Passengers of berth nos 48-58 were all choked to death while passengers of berth nos 8, 17, 29, 34, 38, 42, 45 and 46 had perished in the fire. More than 20 bodies were found at the exit. \"Rescue team members could not muster courage to bring out the bodies as the bogie had turned into an ash bin,\" a police official pointed out.Experts believe that there must have been some inflammable substance (either gas or liquid) that caught fire and spread within no time. While the train travelled for just five minutes from the Nellore station, it was brought to a halt in next the 10 minutes after the gateman, Ch Srinivasulu, noticed the fire in S-11 coach. \"The passengers did not have enough time to get down from the coach as thick smoke and flames engulfed it by then. In the next 10-15 minutes, the entire coach was gutted,\" the official said.With station master Shajahan claiming that no fire or smoke was found when the train was passing the station around 4.15 am, experts reason that the fire might have started only after the train had left the station. The train was brought to a halt within 5-6 km from the station near Vijayamahal level crossing which was just five minutes away and which is where the gateman first noticed the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303230", "title": "Strengthening bond of rakhi via online", "text": "INDORE: Viren Kanadia, a businessman, prefers to send gift to his sister this Rakhsha Bandhan online. He is one among those many busy persons, who seldom find time to spend some time with their kith an kin during most of the festivals. But, at the same time, Viren never forgets to make his presence conspicuous through online, no matter how busy he is.\"As both of my sisters live in different cities and it gets difficult to have a gathering on the occasion of Rakhsha-Bandhan. Therefore, I prefer to send gifts to them using the online services. It is very convenient though, as we can get ample things of different brands and that too within the budget,\" he said.There are many people, like Viren in Indore, who make optimum use of the technology on festivities.\"My sister, who is based in the US, sends me rakhis, gift vouchers, chocolates and even bouquets on every Raksha Bandhan online,\" says Suraj Jain, a student.\"I am chary about the implications of carrying out online transactions, which are burdened with risks of phishing and hacking. I wouldn't prefer to go out in rains and roam around cumbersomely from shop to shop to select gifts for my sister. Therefore, I prefer purchasing stuffs online, especially on the occasions like Raksha Bandhan and send my regards via gifts to my entire cousin sisters living in different cities,\" says Sunchit Sooden, a B.Com student in a city college.With modernization and life becoming faster, the constraints of time increase dependence on online gifts. This has led to online shopping coming off age in the city.\"I prefer online gifts as that makes life simpler for us. As my brother works in the US and keeps sending me gifts on every Raksha Bandhan. As the online gifts sites are able to do away with the various hassles of choosing, packaging and purchasing the gift with the help of online avenues and all this avert my brother from saving his time. And if we are not satisfied with the gift received, the money is refundable\", says Vamika Pardeshi, an IT engineer.The first and foremost benefit of online gift is that it saves the buyers' time and other costs.\"I always send a link of online shopping gift to my sister to let her decide to choose whatever she wants as a gift for Raksha Bandhan. You can shop from your home, office or even a coffee shop. All you need is a computing device and an internet connection. Furthermore, easy payment options such as cash on delivery and payment through debit cards have made it easier for us. If there is a need for any assistance, then one can dial at 24 x7 customer care number anytime for assistance,\" says Abhishek Singh Sisodiya, a local businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299031", "title": "Andhra Pradesh feels let down by 'stingy' Centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: All is not well between the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the Andhra Pradesh government. Though happy to play host to the mega biodiversity summit (Conference of Parties 11) to be held in Hyderabad this October, AP's babus are miffed at Centre's lukewarm interest in the meet. Not only has the MoEF sanctioned a meagre grant of Rs 60 crore for the global event but has failed to release a single rupee till date. This, when the state has already spent up to Rs 250-300 crore to spruce up the city and its infrastructure for the event that's only two months away.Drawing comparisons with the Commonwealth Games of 2010 that saw budgets shoot past the Rs 10,000 crore mark, officials complained how the Centre hadn't earmark even one-tenth the amount for October's meet. That the scale of the biodiversity conference is several times larger than the sporting event and will have with participants from 194 countries as against 53 in 2010, is another story, they add. \"The Delhi municipal corporation alone was sanctioned about Rs 2,000 crore for beautification and other civic works. In our case, the Centre has just washed its hands off the matter,\" said a senior government official closely associated with the organization of COP 11. So far, the Centre's contribution to the event has been limited to appointing Gurgaon-based MCI Management (India) Pvt Ltd as the professional conference organizer (PCO) of the international summit.But even that has failed to impress the local authorities who accuse MCI of being 'inept' at handling such a mammoth event. While MCI officials maintain they have dealt with similar events both in India and overseas in the past, state officials are not convinced.\"There is little communication between us and MCI. Worse, they are completely unaware of the requirements of COP 11. The PCO does not even know how many volunteers will be required for the meet,\" said an official. part of the many committees looking into the arrangements.However, many insist that it isn't MCI but the Centre, which should be blamed for this chaos. They stress on the need for the MoEF to step in to take the financial burden off the state's shoulders. \"Of the Rs 60 crore, Rs 11 crore is only for renting the Hitex premises. It will have to pay MCI also from the amount. That leaves after which the state with little money,\" the official said adding, \"Right from security to providing facilities to the visiting contingent to even revamping Hyderabad, all the expenses are being borne by the state government. Considering it's United Nations' event being organised under the MoEF banner, the Centre should have shown more involvement.\" Despite repeated letters dispatched from the CM's office over the last many weeks, the Centre has failed to release the grant, officials said.\"Had Jairam Ramesh still been the MoEF chief, things would have been very different,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15300981", "title": "HC orders verification of records in land case", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court on Tuesday directed the registry of the court to verify the genuineness of registration documents in possession of the government and Harrisons Malayalam Ltd. The case between the state government and Harrisons Malayalam Ltd is over the ownership of vast tracts of land spread over eight district.A division bench of Justice M Sasidharan Nambiar and Justice P Bhavadasan asked the government to produce a copy of the registration document from the sub registrar's office at Kollam as well as the Malayalam translation of the document. Harrisons Malayalam was also asked to produce the registration document in their possession before the registry.The court's directive came following the challenge raised on the registration document produced since the government claims that the land belongs to the state while the company stated that it gained ownership through free hold agreement.The court has also directed the government to file a statement about the land to be returned that the company is willingness to surrender. Government should file the statement within two weeks and land should be surrendered by the company simultaneously, the court ordered.Though the taluk land board had earlier directed the company to surrender 1,845.22 acres of land to the government, the decision was stayed by the high court. Harrisons owns 59,693.997 acres of land in eight districts including Kollam, Pathanamthitta, Kottayam, Ernakulam, Idukki, Thrissur, Kozhikode, and Wayanad.The government is questioning the entire proceedings before the land board on the ground that the company was of foreign origin and is not entitled to filings before the board.Harrisons Malayalam Ltdame into being when three companies, Malabar Rubber and Produce Co Ltd, Malabar Plantations, and Harrison and Greenfield (India) Ltd merged. Government is challenging the proceedings before the land board stating that the entire land of the company is liable to be taken over by the government as the proceedings are in violation of Article 296 of the Constitution.Article 296 allows the state to take over any property accruing by escheat or lapse or bona vacanita. Further the proceedings before the board is in violation of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1973, the state informed the court.In a new episode in the ongoing legal tussle between the state government and Harrisons Malayalam Ltd over ownership of vast tracts of land spread over eight districts, the Kerala High Court on Tuesday directed the registry of the court to verify the genuineness of registration documents in possession of the government and the company.Division bench comprising of Justice M Sasidharan Nambiar and Justice P Bhavadasan asked the state government to produce a copy of the registration document from the sub registrar's office at Kollam as well as the Malayalam translation of the document. Harrisons Malayalam was also asked to produce the registration document in their possession before the registry.The court's direction was following the challenge raised to the registration document produced as the government is claiming that the land belongs to it while the company has raised claim to the land, stating that it gained ownership through free hold agreement.The court has also directed the state government to file a statement opting to fix the property that the company expressed willingness to surrender. Government should file the statement within two weeks and land should be surrendered by the company simultaneously, the court ordered.Though the Taluk Land Board had earlier directed the company to surrender 1845.22 acres of land to the government, the decision was stayed by the high court. Harrisons owns 59,693.997 acres of land spread over eight districts, including Kollam, Pathanamthitta, Kottayam, Ernakulam, Idukki, Thrissur, Kozhikode, and Wayanad.The government is questioning the entire proceedings before the land board on the ground that the company was of foreign origin and is not entitled to filings before the board.Harrisons Malayalam Ltd came into being when three companies, Malabar Rubber and Produce Co. Ltd, Malabar Plantations, and Harrison and Greenfield (India) Ltd, merged. Government is challenging the proceedings before the land board stating that the entire land of the company is liable to be taken over by the government as the proceedings are in violation of Article 296 of the Constitution.Article 296 allows the State to take over any property accruing by escheat or lapse or bona vacanita. Further the proceedings before the board is in violation of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1973, the State informed the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15300297", "title": "Bengal banks on Odisha, Bhutan after power trip", "text": "Power plants under CESC survived because they could isolate themselves from the grid during the load imbalance. \"It is called the islanding scheme. Generating plants catering to densely populated areas that have a steady electricity demand can survive on the local demand despite a fall in load in the grid. A system that supplies power to the national grid may see a sudden rise in frequency and get overloaded if it disconnects itself from the grid. It has to shed the excess load and stabilize itself. On the other hand, a system drawing power from the grid to meet local demand may suffer a drop in voltage or frequency if it isolates itself from the grid. The load management is less easy than said,\" a power official said.The CM held an emergency meeting with the power minister and officials on Tuesday. \"This is a crisis in which the state government is at the receiving end. Government employees have been asked to go home. There is no need to panic. I also appeal to corporates to allow their employees go home at the earliest. The transport department has been asked to arrange for extra buses to the districts. We have set up a monitoring committee under CESC. It will take another 10 to 12 hours to get back to normal,\" Mamata said in the afternoon.\"When the northern grid failed, there was a load imbalance all over the grid, just as a traffic jam on one road chokes all other connected roads. How it happened is difficult to say. It could be the cascading effect of an effort to wheel power from the western grid. With the northern and the western grids blocked, power transmission had to take the eastern grid to reach the northern grid, which might have overloaded the eastern grid. This resulted in a sudden frequency rise and led to the collapse,\" an official of the Eastern Region Load Dispatch Centre (ERLDC) said.ERLDC officials are working overtime to source power from the Odisha and Bhutan networks that are fed mostly by hydel plants. \"We have already sourced power from Rourkela to provide the start-up power to generating units at Kolaghat, Talcher and DVC. Thermal power plants take longer - at least six to seven hours - to start generation,\" an official said. Ninety-six per cent of Bengal's power comes from thermal plants, so the recovery time is more than usual. What's more, with the rainfall below normal this year, it is difficult to get even the 4% power sourced from hydel plants, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303452", "title": "Councillor can spend Rs 1cr on ward", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Each municipal councillor will now be able to spend up to Rs 1 crore on developmental works in his ward. The decision was taken in the MC house meeting on Tuesday which culminated at 9.30pm. Late in the evening, it was also resolved to give the same financial powers to nominated councillors even as the opposition party, BJP , termed it a \"lollypop\" to lure the non-elected members in a hung house.Councillor Satish Kainth presented ward development fund report in the house meeting. In his report, he purposed that as the cost for material and other things had gone up, money given for ward developmental fund should be increased from Rs 40 lakh to Rs 1 crore per year. Initially, councillors supported it, but when the point related for giving the same financial power to nominated councillors was proposed, councillor Arun Sood said it's \"lollypop\" by Congress councillors and UT administration will never accept it. To this some nominated councillors -- Sat Paul Bansal and Amrit Tewari strongly -- objected to words and said they are not kids that Congress can allure them and they stressed that Sood takes his words back.The report also suggested giving some more powers to councillors in using their fund. Elected councillors can use their fund in dispensaries and schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300376", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav issues stern warning to partymen", "text": "LUCKNOW: A peeved Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday warned the party's elected representatives of some harsh action if they failed to meet people's expectations in Uttar Pradesh. \"Nothing much has changed in last two months. Everybody seems to be catering to their own interests. This cannot be allowed any longer. If this continues, we will not be able to face people in the Lok Sabha elections,\" a stern Mulayam said.Addressing the first meeting of MLCs and MLAs at the party headquarters here, Mulayam took the ministers head on. \"On the very first day of the government formation, I had asked each one of you to make sure that we deliver what we have promised. I have even assured you that those who will take the right initiative will get all support from the government. But I don't see any remarkable change,\" Mulayam said.In the presence of the entire top SP leadership, Mulayam expressed dissatisfaction over the manner in which SP MLCs, MLAs and ministers have conducted themselves. \"I am watching every one of you and can point out by particular instance where you have faltered,\" Mulayam said, adding that this was neither in the interest of the party nor people or the politics of the state. \"Don't be surprised if you find an unexpected reshuffle in the cabinet if I don't see a change soon,\" he said looking towards chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Senior SP leaders including Mohammed Azam Khan , Shivpal Yadav and Ahmed Hasan were among those present in the meeting.It was here that some unhappy MLAs sitting in the back rows reacted: \"Kuch mantriyon ko badal hi dijiye ab (change at least some ministers now).\" Mulayam, however, took the comment in his stride despite the displeasure of being interrupted reflecting on his face: \"Dekh lijiye ... jab apaski log khush nahi hain to janta ka kya hoga\" (See for yourself. Our own people are not happy, what to talk of the people in general),\" he said as other senior leaders waved their hands to silence those who had made the remark.Mulayam had barely completed his sentence when the entire auditorium plunged into darkness following the collapse of three grids. The meeting resumed when power was restored after 15 minutes. \"People have given us a clear mandate because they were fed-up with Mayawati's misrule. They have some expectations from us and if we fail to meet them, then I am sure everyone knows what will happen,\" the SP supremo said. He admitted that there were problems at certain levels in terms of execution of policies. \"But people are not bothered, they have voted us and they want results and rightly so,\" he said.SP patriarch also cautioned party leaders to exercise restrain on party issues while speaking to the media. \"We can sort them internally. Going public does not reflect well on the party's image,\" Mulayam said. Once again referring to a possible fallout of the failure of ministers and MLAs to deliver, Mulayam said the time is running out and we have to make it soon. \"So please get back to your constituencies and ensure that the people start feeling the change. We are here to handle all the difficulties that you face while meeting the development demands of the people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308322", "title": "To party or not to party", "text": "Following the incident of a police team swooping down on an upscale hotel recently to check if it was overshooting the 11pm deadline, we find out what's the big noise all aboutCops in Bhubaneswar may have ordered the city's nightclubs to down their shutters after 11pm but party-hoppers are a disgruntled lot who aren't happy with moral guardians monitoring their behaviour. Cops sprung into action after an untoward incident occurred on July 23. Some guys got involved in a drunken brawl at a Laxmi Sagar pub-cum-restaurant. One in the group even fired a shot in the air. The curfew hours were always in place at nightclubs but this incident made the cops take action. However, some questions still remain unanswered as far as regulars at Bhubaneswar's nightclubs are concerned. Is this the only way to curb unruly behaviour at the nightclubs? Can any deadline ensure a sanitized environment before the curfew hours? If not, why then are party-goers being treated like school children who must rush back home before 11? If fairy tales could allow Cinderella to party till midnight, why is reality making life difficult for party animals in love with their dancing shoes?To party or not to partyCops have to do their job and maintaining law and order in the city is a non-negotiable issue. But, the curfew hours have become a huge hassle for regular party-hoppers. Many of them are embracing the cosmopolitan culture in the Bhubaneswar what with corporate majors importing many young professionals who love to work hard by day and party harder at night. This curfew hour has only added to their woes because they are now being forced to wrap up when they have just started to unwind. According to 20-year-old Sonika Pradhan, who is quite a familiar face in the party circle, this norm smacks of an irrational attitude. \"If the authorities want to check the unruly behaviour of party-goers, they should ensure that bar owners tighten their security measures. They should check the identities of the guests when they enter the club.Having an 11pm deadline is not a solution,\" she says. Vickey Puri, an entrepreneur, agrees with Sonika. \"Stringent screening can avoid untoward incidents. If those, who carried pistols in that Laxmi Sagar pub, were forced to go through proper security checks, the incident could've been avoided. Now, we are suffering for someone else's fault!\" rues Vickey, adding, \"I suggest, cops relax the curfew hours during the weekends.\"According to model Leesa Mohanty, recruiting more bouncers can be a solution. \"I'm a regular at all reputed clubs in Bhubaneswar. I've never seen anyone indulging in substance abuse. Besides, people in our party circuit know each other. So, screening unruly elements shouldn't be a tough job. An 11pm deadline is a problem for professionals like us who get just a Saturday night to let our hair down,\" she shares.Club classClub owners feel this clampdown is unnecessary since it's creating problems for the city's elite. Aftab, the manager of a renowned club in the city, thinks that unruly behaviour is common in small and cheap bars and not the respectable ones. \"Elite nightclubs never face such problems. We ensure strict security measures. Entrepreneurs and corporate honchos can only attend late-night parties. This deadline is making it difficult for them and we are losing our patrons. We have no option but to abide by the rules, but I request the authorities to stretch this deadline at least by an hour during weekends.\"Piyush Mishra, who owns a club in Bhubaneswar, says that the deadline has resulted in a drop in business. \"We have a decent crowd. We don't have rave parties and always screen the entries. Students can come in early but for working adults, it's too difficult,\" says Piyush.Music to the ears?This decision has also come as a blow to DJs. For them, the option now is to start early and wind up by 11 pm. What's important, says DJ Ryan, is to ensure that the norm is followed by every nightclub in the city. \"Every club has its loyal patrons. It's quite possible to start early and down the shutters by 11pm. But if all clubs don't shut down at the same time, some will end up losing on good business. Cops need to ensure that doesn't happen.\"Keeping in mind the clampdown, DJ Ravi plans to start partying early. \"Generally, people in Bhubaneswar don't party late. Before this deadline was enforced, midnight would be our curfew hour. If the deadline is 11, we have to start winding up by 10.45 pm. Now, we have to start early,\" Ravi says.So, where does the party shift?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302089", "title": "AMC, Traffic cops clear up road from Teen Darwaja to Panchkuwa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a joint effort, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and city traffic police officials cleared up encroachments between Teen Darwaja and Panchkuwa on Tuesday afternoon.According to traffic police officials, they had received a number of complaints of traffic jam in the area due to encroachment by hawkers, handcarts and vehicles parked on the road. As the situation got aggravated on Tuesday morning after the fresh spell of rain, the police officials decided to take up the drive.\"Along with anti-encroachment wing of AMC , we visited the stretch with more than 50 personnel and cleared up the road that was notorious for frequent traffic bottlenecks. If the hawkers are found again in the stretch without permission, they will be booked for the act,\" said a senior traffic branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300381", "title": "Digha coastline to sport new look soon", "text": "KOLKATA: The Digha Shankarpur Development Authority (DSDA) is working on projects to develop the coastal areas of Digha, Shankarpur, Mandarmani and Tajpur into attractive tourist destinations. A land use and development control plan is also under preparation for the area falling under the jurisdiction of the authority.The authorities held a review meeting some time back to discuss progress on some of the projects. A proposal has been sent to the Planning Commission seeking assistance in protecting the embankments along the coastal areas. \"The embankments of the coastal areas need protection. We are working on an overall plan on them,\" said urban development secretary and DSDA chairman Debashis Sen.The authority held a review meeting some time back to discuss progress on some of the projects.The projects that are being worked on include a which the authority is working on are the mega tourism hub, ayurvedic health centre, aqua hub and a deer park. Plans regarding along with construction of a Digha Bypass Road are also underway. Other related departments are also involved in implementing these projects.Construction work for the aqua hub in Amravati Park has already started and the authorities have received an encouraging response from private players. Six companies have expressed interest about the mega tourism hub, while for authority received six responses from private companies. For the ayurvedic health centre, the authorities have received two responses which are being consideredunder scrutiny. Construction work is on for the aqua hub in Amravati Park.The authorities are drawing up a project report for the proposed deer park. Also, they are working to set up gates in both Digha and New Digha, for which designers have been engaged. A Also,the authorities have put up a 3.24acre plot at Digha has been put on bids for setting up a spa and health club. The authorities received two responses so far for this project.Among the civic infrastructure projects, the authorities are working to construct a Bypass Road in Digha. Already, the main road to Digha has received the status of a national highway.A centre is being planned at Tajpur for which the authorities have invited expressions of interest and work is going on for a total station survey of Digha, Mandarmani, Tajpur and Shankarpur. As far as beautification is concerned, roadside saplings have already been planted.The authorities are also working on beautification plans. Preliminary action has been initiated for road side sapling plantations.Besides, the authorities are working on the integrated coastal zone management programme with assistance from World Bank . Work is going on beach cleaning and sanitation, environmental amelioration along the beaches, generation of livelihood, solid waste management and development of the drainage system in Digha is also under way.The authorities have taken up work on a war footing ever started on working on all these plans since chief minister Mamata Banerjee visited Digha earlier this year during where she had inaugurated the Digha beach festival and asked them to develop the area as a tourist destination. The CM instructed the authorities to come up with plans to develop the area as an attractive tourist destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303455", "title": "\u2018Need to map water pipelines\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation doesn't have any satellite or computerized mapping of water and sewerage pipelines throughout the city. The trend of working is that whenever problem emerges, the authority has to dig up to trace the problem.The councillors during the monthly house meeting on Tuesday alleged that in many areas of the city, sewerage water and drinking water is getting mixed and the same is being supplied to the residents.Former mayor and municipal councillor Harjinder Kaur said, \"The paver blocks are being removed, concrete areas are being broken to find out leakages. Had the civic body mapped pipelines, the leakages would have been properly managed.\"Almost all members expressed their concern over supply of contaminated water. Municipal councillor Subash Chawla said this year, the problem has increased.During discussion, municipal commissioner also highlighted that the situation has gone worse, as residents have encroached upon the land and made construction over the land where underground water and sewerage pipelines pass. He sought political consensus over the issue and said, \"We are going to serve notices and these constructions need to go to solve the problem of leakages.\"Councillor Gurcharan Dass Kala raised the issue pertaining to non-cleanliness of water tanks. \"In my ward I can show you snakes and other animals in the water tanks and these have not been cleaned for the past many years.Opposition councillors fixing of compensation of victims, who died due to diarrhoea in Mauli Jagran. First some councillors and MC official said this UT's job, but later giving in, Rs 5 lakh for each victim was proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308124", "title": "Tom Cruise eyeing $13.5m NYC estate", "text": "Tom Cruise continues his stealth mission to find a mansion outside the city, that will be far from prying eyes, but close enough to daughter Suri's Chelsea home with her mum Katie Holmes .According to reports, Cruise is eyeing an 11-acre estate in posh, under-the-radar Snedens Landing in Rockland County, the New York Post reported.Sources said that the staff at the home where Cruise recently looked was told to \"vacate the premises quickly,\" without prior notice, when the star dropped by to tour the property with Suri, 6, in tow.The waterfront estate, which boasts a 13,500-square-foot mansion, is not listed for sale, but it is estimated to be worth 13.5 million dollars.Cruise would have his share of Hollywood neighbours in the exclusive enclave that plays home to Al Pacino , Mikhail Baryshnikov , Harvey Keitel and Aidan Quinn .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15299208", "title": "Ind vs SL: Kohli, Raina lead India to series win against Sri Lanka", "text": "COLOMBO: Young India was to the fore again. Two of India's most exciting batsmen, Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina showed why they are regarded so as they helped their team register a comprehensive six-wicket win in the fourth ODI and hand Sri Lanka one of their rare series defeat at home.Scorecard | Match in PicsKohli and Raina set the Premadasa stadium alight with their superlative strokeplay under lights to post a series clinching 146-run partnership, rendering the last game in Pallekele academic. Kohli, who hammered his second century of the series, is fast emerging as the top ODI batsman in the world today. Ace finisher Raina is not far behind, getting his third half-century of the series.The two had come together at a stage when the match could have gone either way but the way the two took control of the situation, injury-depleted Sri Lankans did not stand a chance. The performance of the two overshadowed the heroics of part-time bowler Manoj Tiwary who, with his four-wicket haul, had helped India restrict the home team to 251 for eight which the visitors overhauled with eight overs to spare.Ostensibly, Manoj Tiwary was picked in the team to showcase his batting prowess. But even before he could lay his hands on the bat, he showed his skills with the ball, with his innocuous-looking leg-spin.After the Sri Lankan top-order had given the home team a solid start, it was the part-time bowlers led by Tiwary, who helped India to restrict the opponents total to a manageable proportion. Such was the effectiveness of India's part-time bowlers, they bowled as many as 22 overs for 112 runs and five wickets. Tiwary's figures would have been even more impressive if he had not conceded 18 runs in the last over of the innings.It was, however, surprising that skipper MS Dhoni continued to persist with non-regular bowlers when the pace trio of Zaheer Khan, Ashok Dinda and Irfan Pathan had four overs each left. Probably the slowness of the wicket prompted the Indian skipper to rely on the slower bowlers.After Upal Tharanga and Dilshan had given a solid platform of 91 runs and Lahiru Thirimanne and Dinesh Chandimal continuing on with the good work, subsequent batsmen struggled to get a move-on. The slowness of the pitch may have played a part. The only batsmen, apart from the openers, who showed the ball could be hit were Chandimal and Thirimanne, during their half-century stand for the third wicket.Sri Lanka seemed to be running away towards a big total but Tiwary's introduction in the 32nd over triggered a slide. Tiwary with his looping flight foxed the batsmen and ran thought the middle order, even getting rid of the experienced Mahela Jayawardene. Thirimanne was bowled by Ashwin for 47 after a patient innings to leave Sri Lanka at 219 for 8.But the Sri Lanka tail bit back. Dhoni persisted with Tiwary, who was hammered by Malinga for a six and then went for 18 in the final over. That helped Sri Lanka touch the 250-mark to give their bowlers a target to put some pressure on the mighty Indian batting which was not to be.Landmarks and milestones:- Virat Kohli is the first Indian batsman to register 1,000 ODI runs in successive years - 1,381 (ave.47.62) in 34 matches in 2011 and 1,003 (ave.77.15) in 15 matches in 2012 so far.- Kohli is the first batsman to manage five hundreds this year, which have come in his last eight innings - four against Sri Lanka and one against Pakistan.- Of his 13 hundreds, eight resulted in successful chases for India. Only three batsmen have recorded more hundreds in successful chases - Sachin Tendulkar (14), Sanath Jayasuriya (9) and Saeed Anwar (9).- Kohli is averaging 76.57 in successful chases - 1,991 runs in 34 matches. Only three batsmen have averaged better than Kohli - Mahendra Singh Dhoni (101.40), Michael Clarke (89.20) and Michael Bevan (86,25) (minimum 1000 runs).- India became the third team to register 400 wins in one-dayers, joining Australia (490) and Pakistan (416).- India's success rate in ODIs is 52.13 - 400 wins, 367 losses, 6 tied games and 35 no-results out of 808 played.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300206", "title": "One spell of rain and roads disintegrate", "text": "NAGPUR: The sub-standard asphalting work carried out by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation at many places just before the rains lies exposed. Six roads connect Nagpur with the other cities and the condition of almost all of these roads leaves much to be desired. There are some roads constructed and maintained by the NHAI, PWD and NIT, while most roads are managed by Nagpur Municipal Corporation.Though the BJP-led NMC neglected the maintenance of city roads in their 2007-12 tenure, the corporation undertook road works before this year's civic polls. Citizens were happy and they re-elected BJP in NMC. However, NMC's public works department failed to supervise works, resulting in poor quality work at many places. In less than six months, the surface has crumbled at several places including Great Nag road, Central Avenue, VIP road, West High Court road, Teachers' Colony road, Zingabai Takli, Borgaon and other areas. Just one week's rain has washed off the roads leaving road users angry.Except for the stretch of North Ambazari road and Amravati road, almost all other important roads in the city are full of potholes making movement for both motorists and pedestrians a very difficult task. Irrespective of which agency maintains them, the movement on the roads is a nightmare. Even the internal stretches, which were repaired before the civic polls, have been severely damaged including Canal road in Ramdaspeth and others. The stretch between Avasthi Nagar Chowk to Dinshaw Factory square in Gittikhadan is severely damaged.Motorists feel the sub-standard work and failure of authorities to take up pre-monsoon maintenance are responsible for the state of affairs. The worst example is of Avasthi Nagar road. After a series of protests by residents to repair the 600-metre road up to Mankapur Ring Road, the NMC re-laid the surface before the civic polls at a cost of Rs 35 lakh. \"It got washed off as the road is not levelled and is dotted with pits,\" said Mohid Shaikh, a resident of Teachers Colony.RTI activist and executive member of Grahak Panchayat (Nagpur) Harish Naidu blame rampant corruption among civic officials and contractors for the bad roads. Despite repeated attempts, NMC's PWD chief engineer A N Shambarkar was not available for comment. Ruling party leader Pravin Datke blamed the PWD officials. He also blamed Congress-NCP ruled state government that, he alleged, doesn't want to see BJP-governed Nagpur prosper. He pointed out that the work has two years' defect liability. Datke assured that he would ask PWD officials to get the roads repaired under that clause.Congress corporator Vikas Thakre ridiculed the way the BJP-ruled NMC was functioning. \"The civic body spends crores of rupees every year for construction and maintenance of roads. Each year low quality construction material is used, which results in roads getting damaged,\" he alleged.PWD and NHAI roads no better:The 41-km stretch of ring road was patched up just before monsoon at a cost of Rs 65 lakh. The road is back to its original pathetic condition. PWD had taken up the work and the officials cite rains as the reason for road going bad again. Similar is the story of roads maintained by National Highway Authority of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299071", "title": "Northeast students miss out on varsities' admissions", "text": "HYDERABAD: The violence in Assam has affected admissions even in city universities as students from the troubled areas of Bodo-Muslim conflict have missed out on admissions in varsities, including English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) and University of Hyderabad (UoH). As transportation for most northeastern states is being channelled through Guwahati, students from Manipur and Nagaland are also affected by the trouble in Assam, officials said.In University of Hyderabad, the population of northeastern students is around 400 while in Eflu it is just about 40. Interviews and written tests for Eflu and UoH courses had started in the beginning of this month, but the admission process for the final list of confirmed and waitlisted candidates started only last week as violence in Assam escalated. Many candidates, who had made it to the merit list of Eflu, have not been able to claim their seat, officials said.Officials at Eflu said that they have tried their best to accommodate students who were facing trouble due to the tension. \"One of the students who applied for a PhD was granted an extension as she faxed a letter stating that she was affected by the crisis and would like to take admission in the university later. The university gave her an extension of one week to report and saved her seat,\" said a senior officer from Eflu's admission and examination wing.Assamese students of UoH said that a student who got seat in integrated M Tech/PhD course could not come for the admissions as she missed her train. \"Now, most of the students are coming by flight so that they do not miss their chance to take admissions,\" said Debabrot, an M Tech student from the UoH, who hails from Assam. In UoH, officials said that no student has written to them citing tension in the state as the reason for their absence. However, the student organisations said that several cases have come to their notice in the last one week.With the admissions getting over by the second week of August in both the universities, students who have not made it to the city so far will be forced to forfeit their seats for this academic year. Students' organisations in Eflu have asked the administration to slow down the admission process for students from these states as they also fall under the reserved ST category. \"Before the admissions close the students should communicate the same to us,\" an official from EFLU said.The off-state campus of Eflu in Shillong had deferred their admissions citing requests from students who were affected in the conflict. \"We request the university officials to look into the matter and take the necessary steps to restore the lost seats to students from these states, especially Assam,\" said S Harinath, a student leader from the University of Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15301043", "title": "Men map Kochi, Facebook post alerts police", "text": "KOCHI: Netizens seldom miss suspicious activities, which the police may fail to notice.Following an alert received on the Facebook page of the state intelligence wing, the Kochi police on Tuesday detained a Maharashtra-registered SUV moving around in the city in a suspicious manner.The occupants of the Scorpio were also picked up for questioning. Police, however, refused to reveal the details. It has been learnt that the detenus had video graphed various parts of the city.\"We received a post on our page which had a photo of the Scorpio car parked in one of the busiest spots in the city. It was posted by one of the followers of the Netizen Police using his smart phone. We set into action and traced the vehicle,\" said intelligence superintendent J Jayanath.Netizen Police is the state intelligence wing's Facebook page-an interface with the public-with 12,000 followers so far.\"The detained men claimed that they were video graphing for the metro rail project,\" police officials said. Both DMRC and Kochi Metro denied assigning the task of mapping the city to any group.Preliminary investigation said the same car was used in mapping Hyderabad a couple of months ago.Watch out. Netizens are on an alert mode and any suspicious activities will be immediately posted on Facebook profile of the state intelligence wing \"Netizen Police\". On Tuesday, a Facebook post by a netizen helped the police to nab a Scorpio car from Kochi which has been video graphing various parts of the city and moving around in a suspicious manner.\"We received a post on our page which had a photo of the Scorpio car parked in one of the busiest spots in the city. It was posted by one of the followers of the Netizen Police using his smart phone. We set into action and traced the vehicle,\" said intelligence superintendent J Jayanath.City police said that they took the vehicle and the persons in it into custody for detailed questioning. \"The vehicle is of Maharashtra registration and the persons are saying that they are doing the video graphing for the metro rail project,\" police officials said.They said that the same car was spotted in Hyderabad a couple of months ago video graphing various locales in that city. Meanwhile, both DMRC and Kochi Metro have denied assigning the task to any group.The state intelligence wing has launched the Facebook profile to enable the public to share all sorts of information with the police. \"Whether it is about a recruitment firm seeking money for a providing job or a government servant demanding money to clear an application form, people can post the information on the Face book profile and the police will clandestinely look into the activities of the person,\" said Jayanath.\"There is tremendous response from the public to the profile. Already there are 12,000 followers. We have started receiving information from the people. Initially we will start monitoring the activities of the suspect based on the inputs. If we are able to get sufficient evidence, we will launch a formal probe,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300490", "title": "Panel finds eco-sensitive Mahabaleshwar going downhill", "text": "PUNE: On paper, the hill stations of Mahabaleshwar and Panchgani have been an eco-sensitive zone since 2001. In reality, there is gross environmental degradation as the state government has failed to monitor detrimental activities.Members of the Mahabaleshwar Panchgani eco-sensitive high-level monitoring committee, appointed by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) have found rampant violation of the notification issued in 2001.Devavrat Mehta, former chairman of the committee, said that unauthorized construction, pollution in Venna lake, non-treatment of sewage, solid waste disposal and felling of trees on hills and forests have worsened the environment.The committee met 13 times between November 2009 and May 2012 and also had several interactions with the stakeholders. \"The present committee's last working day was on May 25, 2012. We are ready with our report that highlights issues, initiatives for protection and conservation, development of projects and challenges and recommendations for the forest department, the ministry and the new committee,\" he said.The ministry's notification in 2001 had declared Mahabaleshwar Panchgani region as an eco-sensitive zone. It directed the formation of a high-level monitoring committee to ensure that activities in this zone comply with the notification.Mehta said that Panchgani's Asia plateau was a natural heritage site, of immense geological and ecological value, but has suffered from serious abuse leading to severe ecological degradation by the locals and tourists in the last 15 years.The Bombay high court's order in 1998 had asked the existing committee to oversee preparation of a tableland management plan. The committee submitted a draft report in 2004 and the Panchgani Municipal Council passed a resolution to adopt the committee's report in February 2005.A management plan for the tableland was prepared and approved by the high court in September 2005 and the final order was given on June 19, 2006. But it has not been implemented, despite a contempt petition, the committee's report said.According to Mehta, the post of additional collector for Mahabaleshwar Panchgani region, who is the effective authority, should be revived to achieve the objectives of the ecological sensitive zone.City-based ecologist Vijay Paranjpye, a former member of the committee, said that the Mahabaleshwar Panchgani eco-sensitive zone was one of the first to be notified in the country. The committee's report has been released against the backdrop of discussions on Madhav Gadgil's Western Ghats' ecology expert panel report, where many such eco-sensitive zones have been proposed. \"Our report tries to highlight that sustainable development is possible in the eco-sensitive zones,\" he said.The committee report states that it scrutinized the entire regional plan (called zonal master plan) and submitted to the MoEF a detailed report containing a vision statement, aims and objective, and important additions and modifications so that the plan would be in consonance with the spirit of the eco-sensitive zone notification.The regional plan, inclusive of the committee's report, was approved by the MoEF and sent to the state government in November 2011, for final notification. However, the final notification from state government is still awaited.\"However, the draft development plan published by the municipal council recently was scrutinized by the committee. It was found that agriculture zones have been deleted. There is concern about use of chemical fertilizers in farming, nurseries of ornamental and exotic species, and proximity of such artificially treated fields to the origin of rivers, mainly Venna. The development plan of Mahabaleshwar only recommends and does not mandate the marking of high flood line on Venna lake,'' the committee's report said.The committee's report said that the heritage lists should include around 70 sites missed out earlier. There are several inconsistencies and errors in the Mahabaleshwar heritage map included in the development plan, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300714", "title": "Set up panel to check illegal borewells, Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the Gurgaon deputy commissioner to hold a meeting with the Central Ground Water Board to constitute a committee for checking illegal borewell connections used during construction in Gurgaon.Directions have also been issued to ensure all authorized borewells are equipped with meters.The HC directed the state government to inform the court about the main source of water for construction in the city and how the authorities concerned plan to tackle the water woes in Gurgaon.These directions were given by a division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh after it was informed that 628 MG water is being used every day for construction work in Gurgaon.Reiterating its earlier orders, bench made it clear that if any builder found using underground water in unauthorized manner for construction work, the same should be stopped immediately.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench on Tuesday, principal secretary, department of Town and Country Planning Haryana, S S Dhillon, secretary local bodies, Ram Niwas and other senior officers of Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) were present.Apparently miffed over the failure of the departments to keep a check on misuse of groundwater by Gurgaon builders, the bench observed that the state appears to be hand in glove with them. When Dhillon informed the court that 628 MG groundwater is being used every day in Gurgaon, bench observed that if this continues, Gurgaon would not have a single drop of water by 2017.The bench also observed that the misuse of groundwater could not be checked without a strong will from the state authorities. While fixing August 21 as the next date of hearing, bench also directed the authorities to inform the court about total requirement of water for city and how much out of it is required for construction work.A bunch of petitions had been filed by Qutub Enclave Residents Welfare Association and others alleging that the builders in Gurgaon were illegally extracting groundwater and using it for construction purposes, because of which the level has gone down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15301094", "title": "Trichy corporation mulls ban on animal-rearing", "text": "TRICHY: The Tiruchirappalli corporation's latest craze is to catch stray cows that, in the absence of tender shoots in the county, poke their noses into corporation dust bins. This menace not only hinders traffic, but spreads health hazards, the corporation was told at an emergency meeting on Tuesday.Corporation commissioner V P Dhandapani told the council that he had ordered a survey of stray cows in infested areas and if possible, to effect a complete ban them on them within city limits. While a member, M Mohammed Musafa, wanted the corporation to punish even those who habitually fed stray cows because it was they who encouraged health hazards, the commissioner assured the house that he was in favour of banning all domestic animals within the corporation limits and appealed to members in the House to cooperate with him. Mustafa also told the council that it was a practice with some people to feed cows with Chappati packed with jaggery.The corporation has always been on the back foot when it came to fighting the menace of stray animals, particularly cows. In September last year, the corporation, in an attempt to fix responsibility on owners of cattle, fined them Rs 500 for letting loose their cattle on road. Special teams comprising corporation's veterinary doctors, sanitary inspectors, fire brigade personnel, forest officials, local police sub-inspectors and members of NGOs started a drive to clean the city streets of stray bovines but the effort was shortlived.Today, the commissioner said he was contemplating auctioning stray animals after capturing them. He said a total ban on rearing any domestic animals, pets or otherwise, within the corporation limits was very much feasible with the cooperation of the members of the House. \"If you are ready to cooperate, I will implement the government order, which is very supportive,\" he told the council.A corporation official who did not want to be named said it all started with the act of feeding cows with Agathi Keerai, a leafy backyard vegetable, in order to seek \"divine favours\". The religious practice is slowly catching up with Trichiites, and hence herds of cows are unleashed by their owners onto the streets. The most affected areas are century-old Gandhi Market vicinity and places like Srirangam, K K Nagar, and Puthoor Junction Road. Earlier, the corporation's effort to enact a bylaw in 2006 to contain this problem through a specific legislation could not come to fruition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300296", "title": "Rumours of MSEDCL take-over hit Spanco", "text": "NAGPUR: Power franchisee Spanco, which has been under pressure to pay off MSEDCL's Rs 200 crore plus dues, has said it was in talks with some companies for infusion of funds and an announcement in this regard would be made in a week or so. MSEDCL, which had served a preliminary termination notice to the company due to non-payment of dues, is apparently satisfied that Spanco would be able to clear the dues once the tie-ups are finalized.Meanwhile, on Tuesday power circles were agog with rumours of MSEDCL taking over franchisee area because of Spanco's consistent default. Senior MSEDCL officials, however, scotched these rumours. Kaustubh Dhavse, senior vice president of Spanco, told TOI that due to problem of working capital and dues to MSEDCL, his company had decided to go in for a joint venture for Nagpur operations. \"At this stage, we can't announce the details as the negotiations are going on. Confidentiality has to be maintained due to involvement of other companies. Moreover, many clearances are needed before finalizing such deals,\" he said.Dhavse refused comment when asked whether Spanco had paid any money to MSEDCL on Tuesday. There was panic among Spanco staffers on Tuesday as rumours of MSEDCL take over spread like wildfire. The basis of these rumours was apparently the visit of B Y Khandait, superintending engineer of MSEDCL's franchisee cell, to the city. He was accompanied by Prakash Shrouti, assistant engineer of franchisee cell. The two had come to Nagpur to brief MSEDCL's counsel on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by social organization Jan Manch against the franchisee.There were rumours that MSEDCL would take over at 12 midnight on Tuesday if Spanco failed to clear dues by afternoon and that Khandait and Shrouti had come to supervise these operations. MSEDCL director (operations) M K Deore was supposed to come to the city but his visit was cancelled at the last moment, it was said.The fact is that a take-over by MSEDCL is impossible at such a short notice. MSEDCL would need at least a month's preparations for such an operation. Moreover, it will have to make a public announcement in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300366", "title": "UP to keep Lokayukta out of RTI ambit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to place the office of Lokayukta outside the purview of the RTI Act. The cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav decided there was a need to maintain secrecy while investigating corruption charges levelled against officials. Since the office of the Lokayukta operates as an investigating agency, any queries about ongoing investigations, the government said, could hamper probes.The cabinet decision appears to renege on the Samajwadi Party government's promise to strengthen the Lokayukta Act. In its election manifesto, SP had promised to take steps to strengthen the office of the Lokayukta, if it was voted to power.However, since the SP has come to power, a series of changes effected by it have insulated the office of Lokayukta, instead of making it more transparent. First, the government increased the tenure of the Lokayukta to eight years, then it authorised the Lokayukta to penalise persons who were found pressing \"frivolous'' charges against any government official. Now, with the cabinet approving a proposal to keep the Lokayukta outside the ambit of the RTI Act, concerns have been raised about the further dilution and politicisation, rather than strengthening, of the Lokayukta office.Earlier, the SP government had suggested it would also make the Lokayukta office a multi-member body, apart from bringing the economic offences wing of the police under the purview of the Lokayukta Act. So far, however, it has done neither. Earlier, Akhilesh had also turned down a proposal to bring the CM's office under the Lokayukta's purview.Apart from the decision regarding the office of the Lokayukta, the government on Tuesday also drew flak for its decision to rechristen the Manyavar Shri Kanshiram Ji Urdu, Arabic-Persian University, Lucknow as Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti Urdu, Arabic-Persian University. The decision drew an angry response from the Bahujan Samaj Party with party chief Mayawati terming the act as \"politically vindictive\".In a statement issued by the party, Mayawati also called the move \"undignified and disgusting'', adding that the SP government should have opened a new university and given it a name of its choice, instead of renaming a university that was named after BSP founder Kanshi Ram to acknowledge his contribution to UP. She said: \"Kanshi Ram's love for Urdu and his knowledge of the language is widely known. Therefore, the SP's decision to rename the university is most \"unfortunate\" and \"condemnable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15301851", "title": "Victim didn't want to go to party", "text": "MANGALORE: The girl, whose ear was damaged in the Mangalore attack, was not in a mood to go for her friend Rekha's (name changed) birthday party as she had severe bout of migraine.But her mother forced her saying that it was not proper not to attend Rekha's birthday celebrations, as she had come for her birthday and also given her a gift. The parent also confirmed this. \"We are not blaming her. She has gone to the college today. It will take some time for us to come out of the trauma,\" he said.On the day of the incident, the family was in a state of shock. \"The family did not sleep for two days,\" a source said. When the girl returned home, blood was seen coming out of the ears. \"The mother keeps on telling all that it is her fault that she forced her daughter to go to the party. Her father was looking weak on that day, now he has mustered courage to put on a brave face,\" the source added.ENT specialist Dr Thahir Mohammed, who treated her, said: \"The damage may take six months to heal and the hearing loss could be in range of 20%-30%. I have asked them to get an audiometric evaluation to assess the hearing loss.\" Dr Thahir said the girl has to be careful about infection as it may lead to permanent hearing loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15304365", "title": "Hackers bring down Congress website", "text": "CHENNAI: Hacktivist group Anonymous brought down Congress party's website on Tuesday in what it claimed to be a fight against corruption. For the first time, it rallied its followers on social networking site Twitter and asked them to participate in distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks that rendered the homepage of All India Congress Committee website (www.aicc.org.in) unavailable for most part of Tuesday.The group's tweets from the twitter handle @opindia_revenge led to another page which highlighted that the target of OpRiseIndia was corrupt corporations, political parties and media. \"To help us simply click on the button 'Go to Attack Page' (everything is set for you), and click 'Start Attack',\" it said. The site had a disclaimer that informed people that taking part in a DDoS attack is illegal and another link provided steps to protect oneself from detection and avoid revealing the location.\"We are fighting against corruption which goes across political parties,\" said a member of the group in an internet relay chat. The Congress is their first target as it is in power now, the member said. The India-arm of Anonymous has done a series of virtual sit-ins or DDoS attacks on websites of Reliance Communications, Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited, Internet Service Providers Association of India and All-India Trinamool Congress as part of its protest against internet censorship.The latest attack, members said, was an effort to create awareness about corruption among people. \"We have seen many scams which have come out in the open, but nobody knows what is really happening. Public is kept at dark. We don't know which political parties are behind it,\" said another member.As for asking people to participate in the attacks, a member said the group was looking to create awareness about corruption on the internet. \"We have enough people to attack these sites. We are tweeting to build more awareness,\" said a member.The group said its operation has nothing to do with Anna Hazare's movement or any other organisation that is fighting against corruption. \"This is a separate movement from Anonymous,\" said a member, adding that they are not against any political party. \"All political parties indulging in corruption will be our targets,\" said a member.When contacted, Vishvjit Singh, chairman of AICC's computer department, said: \"Attacks can keep coming in, hopefully we'll be able to handle them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15302098", "title": "Foodies can watch chefs in action", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to regain trust of their customers, the Hotel and Restaurant Association in the district is planning to install close-circuit televisions (CCTV) inside the restaurants. The cameras from inside the kitchen will beam live feeds of food preparation on to the televisions fixed on the restaurant walls. In the first phase, the plan is to introduce the system in three and four-star hotels in the city.\"Later on it will cover all the 2,000 restaurants in the district,\" said N B Krishna Kurup, president of the association. The move comes in the wake of trust deficit among customers after food safety officials recently unearthed stale food from various hotels. Kurup said that live telecast of food preparation will ensure that hotels are cooking food in hygienic ways. \"Through this we hope to take the customers into confidence. A detailed discussion on this will be made in the meeting of the association to be held next week,\" he said. Sheena Anilkumar, homemaker from West Hill, said the move to fix CCTV to allow the customers to watch live preparation of food would help to keep away the present apprehension public have about the standard of food served in hotels. \"We have stopped consuming non-vegetarian items after a youth died in Thiruvananthapuram after consuming 'stale food'. If possible all the hotels in the city should install CCTVs in their kitchens,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298877", "title": "Activists move State Human Rights Commission against crawling contest for tiny tots", "text": "HYDERABAD: Child rights activists moved the State Human Rights Commission on Tuesday against a 'crawling competition' organised for toddlers in the city. Life is Bright Society had announced a crawling competition to be held on August 9 in Mehdipatnam for children aged below one year which required them to crawl towards their mothers waiting near the finishing line.The petitioner, Achyuta Rao of AP Child Rights Association said, \"Conducting any competition for children aged below three-and-a-half years is illegal. The entry fee for this competition is Rs 1000 and there is every chance that parents will encourage their kids to crawl fast, which may affect the child's health. This is inhuman and we are demanding that the competition be stopped immediately and action be taken against the organisers.\"However, organiser Sarala Naidu informed that the event has already been cancelled and initially it was meant to be only a fun activity for parents and their kids.Admitting the case, the commission has directed additional commissioner of police, Asifnagar and project director, women and child welfare department to enquire into the matter and submit a report by August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300520", "title": "Gang held for stealing car", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Monday arrested a criminal on police records and his three accomplices for allegedly stealing a multi-utility vehicle (MUV) on July 23.The police said the suspects, Baba alias Gorakh Atmaram Bade (30) and Vijay Gaikwad (29), are residents of Gandhinagar , Yerawada, while Prashant Ransingh (21) and Bitya Gaikwad (29) are from Tadiwala road. Acting on a tip-off the local crime branch of the Pune rural police led by inspector Nitinkumar Gokave made the arrests.Gokave said that he received a tip-off that Bade, a criminal on police records, had been spending huge amounts of money since the last few days. \"We immediately deployed two police constables to keep a watch on his movements,\" Gokave said.Police constables Sachin Ghadge and Anand Kale of the local crime branch got information that Bade and his accomplices had robbed a driver near Saswad and had also stolen the vehicle.\"The constables also got to know that Bade had sold the vehicle in Satara district,\" Gokave said.On getting the information, a police team nabbed him and also arrested his accomplices.During interrogation Bade revealed that on July 23, he and his accomplices had hired a vehicle from a tourist operator in Ramoshi gate area of Pune on the pretext of going for a pilgrimage. \"When they came near Saswad, Bade and his accomplices thrashed the driver and threw him out of the vehicle at Vir ghat and fled with the vehicle,\" Gokave said. He said that the police have recovered the vehicle from Satara.Additional superintendent of police (Pune rural), Ravindrasingh Pardeshi, said that Bade was earlier arrested under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. The police suspect that by using similar modus operandi, he may have stolen more vehicles.\"We are appealing to such victims to come forward and contact the Pune rural police,\" Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15301721", "title": "Man murders mother over land dispute", "text": "HUBLI: Somawwa Kuri, 55, a farm labourer, was murdered by her son in Allipur village of Hirehadagali police station limits of Bellary district on Tuesday. According to Hirehadagali police, Shivappa Kuri, 28, the son, who was waiting to kill his mother, saw her buying betelnut at a shop near Allipur water tank. He allegedly attacked her from behind, and chopped her neck killing her instantly.Shivappa had been demanding that his mother register their 1.5 acres of agricultural land in his name. But his mother refused which upset him. He then hatched a plot to kill his mother, police said. Shivappa was arrested in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299010", "title": "State sets up panel for stronger Lokayukta", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Anna Hazare continues to sit on an indefinite fast demanding the Lokpal Bill, the Maharashtra government on Tuesday announced constituting a committee of senior bureaucrats to suggest measures to strengthen Lokayukta in the state. The panel will be headed by additional chief secretary (revenue), secretary (law and judiciary) and secretary (general administration department). The panel will submit its detailed report suggesting more powers for the anti-graft watchdog before the next winter session commencing in Nagpur in December.The decision was taken by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan following a meeting to discuss a private-member's bill moved by BJP MLA Devendra Fadanavis in an earlier assembly session. Senior leaders, including deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and leader of opposition Eknath Khadse, were present in the meeting. Fadanavis has demanded separate police machinery, designated court and staff to tackle corruption cases. In its present state, the draft private bill said, Maharashtra's anti-graft watchdog has no teeth to take action or to seek clarification from the state on compliance. \"Since 2003, the Lokayukta has been demanding more powers. From 2008 onwards the state has not complied with a sincase,\" Fadanavis said. Chavan directed the panel to study the Lokayukta Acts of other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "15301126", "title": "Unions blame labour shortage for accidents", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: Railway employee unions point out that huge vacancies, especially in safety categories such as loco pilots, guards, station masters, trackmen/points men and the acute shortage of materials for railways is risking the safety of passengers.J M Rafi, divisional secretary of Southern Railway Mazdoori Union says there are 1, 300 vacancies in Madurai division alone and among them 800 are for trackmen in the safety category.In Trichy, divisional secretary of the SRMU, P Palanivelu, said as most of the coaches are outdated, similar accidents would continue to happen unless the railways, particularly in the south, got its act together. Moreover, there were a total of 450 loco pilots and the number had come down to 370, leaving 110 vacancies still to be filled.Village mourns death of five from a family in train accidentAiyanthamkattalai village near Kadayam in Tirunelveli district wore a gloomy look after news came in of five members of a family from the village perishing in the fire accident aboard the Tamil Nadu Express in Nellore on Monday morning.Ponmani (32) along with her daughters Rosemary (7), Jasmine (4) and her brother Thavamani (29) had gone to Kanpur on July 20 to visit her husband, David Raja (40) who works with the Border Security Force. David's mother, Elizabeth (52) also accompanied her daughter-in-law and grandchildren for the trip. The family often travelled to see him, relatives in the village said.After spending some time with David, the family boarded the Tamil Nadu Express on Saturday and were travelling in the S 11 coach which went up in flames in the wee hours of Monday. Relatives Mariaselvam and Anthonyselvam were waiting at the Chennai Central station for Ponmani and the family and upon hearing the news, immediately left for Nellore. They confirmed that Ponmani and others were dead and as the news reached home, the entire village mourned the sudden demise of the family.S Mutharasu, a neighbour, said the family maintained a cordial relationship with everyone in the village. \"David was very fond of his daughters and Ponmani used to visit her husband whenever possible with their children. Her brother, Thavamani and Elizabeth accompanied them this time and it is very unfortunate that the family met with such a drastic end,\" he said. \"The girls used to spend most of their time playing in my house. I am going to miss them a great deal,\" he said.Ponmani's father Narayanan and her mother Kanagajothi were inconsolable after losing both their children as well as two grand children. Relatives said that David was facing a problem in claiming the body of his mother. \"We received information that there was an issue to get Elizabeth's body as another family is also claiming it. David is coming home with the other bodies and we expect them to reach the village later in the night,\" one of the relatives said, adding that funeral arrangements were being made in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15308644", "title": "Chance to send your suggestions to government on functioning of Delhi cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Here is an opportunity for Delhiites to tell the government how to improve the functioning of cops in the Capital.Any one of you can write to a Parliamentary panel which, in turn, will deliberate on your 'valid' suggestions and send it to the Union home ministry in the form of its recommendation for devising a policyrules to make Delhi Police true to its motto - Citizens First.You can also appear before the Panel in person and express your views and extend suggestions at its meetings inside Parliament House Complex.A department-related Parliamentary Standing Committee on home affairs, which is presently examining the subject - Functioning of Delhi Police - for detail report to the government, has invited \"written memoranda\" containing suggestions or views or comments of individualsNGOs or various stake holders on this topic by August 24.Any written suggestions or views will be part of the records. It will help the Committee - comprising MPs of different political parties from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha - to come out with proper recommendation to the Union home ministry which is the controlling authority of the Delhi Police.A note, issued by the Rajya Sabha secretariat, said: \"The memoranda which are submitted to the Committee, would form part of its records and would be treated as confidential and, therefore, should not be printed, circulated or publicized by anyone, as such an act would constitute a breach of privilege of the Committee.\"Elaborating on the procedures, the Committee - headed by BJP Rajya Sabha member M Venkaiah Naidu -- said that the memorandum so submitted should be on general functioning of Delhi Police including suggestions on improving its functioning and, therefore, no personal complaints should form part of it. \"Those who are desirous of appearing before the Committee may give their willingness in writing for the same,\" it said.Any written submission or request for willingness to present suggestions in person before the Committee can be made to the concerned officer of the Rajya Sabha secretariat.Details can be accessed by any one from the Parliament House website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15297159", "title": "India, interrupted", "text": "To prevent recurrent blackouts, impose grid disciplineBritish journalist Mark Tully once wrote a book called No Full Stops in India. He may have reckoned without this week, when northern as well as eastern India were brought to a grinding halt by successive grid failures. Power was affected in 20 states in all. That meant, in effect, that for more than half the country essential services such as hospitals, trains and Metros stopped functioning while traffic lights went on the blink. That it happened not once, but twice shows that it cannot be dismissed as a one-off incident.Lack of power holds back India's industrial take-off, and prevents it from making the kind of strides in reducing poverty that China or East Asia have. In addition, cataclysmic failures due to a weak distribution system throw ordinary life out of gear. Unless we can summon up the political will to make systemic changes, this is going to happen again. The current collapse has been brought about by grid indiscipline, with states like UP, Haryana and Punjab overdrawing power.It's surely unhealthy that due to excesses of a few states, vast swathes of the country should go dark. But that's incentivised by a system which imposes light penalties on states that overdraw. Not only should heavier penalties be charged to such states, regional load dispatch centres should be empowered to disconnect them from the grid, if that's what's needed to prevent grid failure. The circumstances of disconnection, which can be overseen by an independent regulator, should be precisely defined and rigidly adhered to, in order to insulate the process from political pressure.In addition, much can be done to boost India's power capacity. Throw open the generation, transmission and distribution of power to more competition, which introduces efficiency. Often insufficient coal supply for thermal power plants is the problem. Coal India's monopoly over mining coal needs to be broken, which will bring efficiency in the production of coal as well. Power theft, which receives political patronage but disincentivises the huge investments needed by the power sector, must be curbed. Can a national consensus be created on these issues, or do we require more grid collapses for that to happen?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301213", "title": "Court rejects PI's bail", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GT Kadri, on Tuesday, rejected the anticipatory bail plea of a former crime branch police inspector who has been charged with rape and other offences. The PI has been also charged under relevant sections of Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes (Prevention of Atrocity) Acts.PI AA Pirzade, now posted in Pune, was slapped with rape and charges after a city-based lawyer filed a complaint with the police stating that she had been sexually exploited by the officer. A case was registered at Pune but later on was transferred to Ambazari police station. The matter is now being probed by the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID). Pirzade's wife and two children, also implicated in the case, have been granted bail.Additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe, appearing for the state, indicated that the court cancelled bail after taking into consideration the gravity of the complaint made by the victim. The police officer had spiked the lawyer's drink and later began blackmailing her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15303366", "title": "Lawyers back criticism by ex-DGP", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts lauded former Maharashtra police chief K Subramanyam's criticism of Vasant Dhoble's sanctimonious campaign and said a modern city ought to do away with drinking permits and moral policing.Without mincing words, senior counsel S G Aney said, \"Moral policing is indulged in by cowards and bigots who are afraid of freedoms and who are unable to accept the changes in values in an evolving and free society.\"Aney averred that drinking permits \"are the government's tool for moral policing\". \"I recognize the state's duty to enforce prohibition. But how do drinking permits become an effective means to that end. It finally remains one more unthinking attempt to provide some activity to government officers and the police,\" he said.Echoing Aney, another lawyer said the police cannot resort to laws that are \"as draconian as they are archaic\".Senior counsel Amit Desai agreed: \"Policing does not have to mean dawn raids or arrests. There are many other ways known to law to discipline people. The use of common sense and good judgment by the men in uniform is certainly one practical way of keeping the society in shape.\"Regarding drinking permits, Desai said, \"I believe it is a throwback to the licence raj. If adults are permitted to drink, then there is no need for a permit.\" Under-age drinking and drunk driving are dealt with under different laws, he pointed out. \"Besides, the drinking permit is not a defence for those crimes, so there is no need for continuing with permits. The restriction on a permit is for the quantity one can possess not consume.\"Raju Moray, a lawyer who has fought for citizens' rights, said, \"Restrictive laws were never meant to prevent fun. But one man's fun could be another man's nuisance. Hence, a balance between fun and responsibility is needed.\"Advocate and human rights activist Mihir Desai said ACP Dhoble's form of policing may result in quick arrests but it also promotes views of the police as invader of privacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302688", "title": "Mangadh in limelight, but territory dispute off focus", "text": "VADODARA: While little-known Mangadh in Santrampur taluka of Panchmahal district was in the limelight with chief minister Narendra Modi kicking off the state-level Van Mahotsav by setting up Govind Guru Smrutivan there, a fact was conveniently ignored on the day. A large portion of the hill is a disputed territory with both Rajasthan and Gujarat making claims on it.The landmark where 1,507 tribals laid down their lives while staging a protest against the British in 1913 under the leadership of Govind Guru has been mired in a controversy over the issue since decades now. It had peaked in 2008 when a compound wall was made by Rajasthan on the hill to demarcate its territory. In 2010, the issue came up again when Santrampur MLA from Congress Paranjayadityasinh Parmar had to face hurdles in starting development works on the hill.Those pursuing the issue say that the dispute involves around 45 hectares of land. Both the states have laid claim on this part of the hill. Parmar said works from his development funds could be done only after he spoke to officials in Rajasthan. He even took up the issue with the state government seeking a permanent settlement of the issue. \"The stalemate continues even today,\" he said.The hill is largely uninhabited and is forest land with no agriculture activity there. Two shelters for visitors here exist on either side of the boundary wall constructed by Rajasthan officials.Zonal secretary of Samast Gujarat Adivasi Samaj V P Garasiya said the issue was raised with the state government and a detailed correspondence had taken place. \"The state government has instructed the district administration to do the needful. But the issue is complicated and is yet to be resolved,\" he said.Officials said the settlement commissioners of the two states and even the Survey of India will have to be involved to resolve the issue. Panchmahal district collector Manisha Chandra said no developments had taken place on this front since she took over about a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300868", "title": "Khap panchayats compete to fight feticide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana caste panchayats appear to be ready to jettison the tag of ''kangaroo courts'' and lead the charge against the critical problem of skewed sex ratio, which is among the worst in the country.After the first women-driven khap mahapanchayat was organized in Bibipur village of Jind on July 14, and the CM announced an award of Rs 1 crore for the gram panchayat for its endeavour, more such conclaves against female foeticide are being planned in different parts of the state.The latest to announce one is the panchayat of Chandana village of Kaithal.The young sarpanch, Surender Chandana, said that they would hold another meeting on August 5 to finalize the date. \"We will try to ensure 40% attendance of women in the khap mahapanchayat against female feticide and water conservation. We will invite khap leaders from Kaithal, Jind, Rohtak, Hisar and Panipat district.\"Post-Bibipur, mahapanchayats against female feticide have already been held in Dhani Mian Khan of Fatehabad district on July 22, in which 25 villages participated, and by the Brahmin community against at Bhiwani on Sunday, attended by representatives of 84 villages.In another welcome trend, the participation of women is increasing in such events. In Bibipur panchayat, women shared the stage with khap leaders while the mahapanchayat in Dhani Mian Khan village of Fatehabad district was chaired by woman sarpanch Sushma Bhadu.If Bibipur panchayat launched a campaign against female foeticide, Dhani Mian Khan panchayat decided to fight against the veil system.Happy over the positive moves by khaps, president of Malik Khap, dada Baljeet Singh said, \"We have been raising social issues in past too, but have never got such appreciation.\" \"We hope now nobody would term us 'Talibani' or kangaroo courts,\" said Malik, who represents Malik gotra, the biggest sub caste of jats. He claimed that their initiative against female feoticide would play important role in building public opinion on saving the girl child.Former member of Haryana administrative reforms commission D R Chaudhary, who has been raising a voice against 'unconstitutional diktats' of khaps, welcomed these winds of change. But, he wanted them to take a bigger leap. \"Only passing resolutions won't make a big difference. Instead of imposing restrictions on girls, khap panchayats should fight against the anti-social elements responsible for crime against women and support the right of girls to choose their life partner and ensure them a share in parental property.\".Voice against female feticideJuly 14, 2012: First women driven panchayat held in Bibipur village of Jind districtJuly 22, 2012: A mahapanchayat of 25 villages in Mian Khan of Fatehabad districtJuly 29, 2012: A mahapanchayat of representatives of 84 villages at BhiwaniJuly 29, 2012: A panchayat in Chandana village of Kaithal district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308787", "title": "Snoop Dogg changes name to Snoop Lion", "text": "Snoop Dogg, who has now changed his name to Snoop Lion, has said that he is Bob Marley reincarnated.The former gangster rapper also sad that he is tired of hip-hop and is now embracing reggae instead of the culture of guns he once rapped about.The artist said at a news conference on Monday in New York that he was \"born again\" during a visit to Jamaica in February and is ready to make music that his \"kids and grandparents can listen to\".The 40-year-old is releasing a reggae album called \"Reincarnated\" in the fall. He said that in Jamaica, he connected with Bob Marley's spirit and is now \"Bob Marley reincarnated\".Bob Marley's son Rohan attended the conference and gave Snoop his blessing.\"I feel like I've always been Rastafarian,\" Fox News quoted Snoop as saying of the spiritual Jamaican movement.While there, he said, he visited a temple, was renamed Snoop Lion and was also given the Ethiopian name Berhane, meaning \"light of the world\".Snoop didn't explain why he was switching from \"Dogg\" to \"Lion\", but it's likely a reference to the Lion of Judah, a religious symbol popular in Rastafarian and Ethiopian culture.Snoop Dogg said that although he's not completely retiring from hip-hop, he is \"tired\" of the genre because it is no longer challenging.\"Reggae was calling ... it's a breath of fresh air,\" he said.\"Rap isn't challenging; it's not appealing,\" Snoop added.A coffee table book about his rebirth is also in the works.\"It feels like I'm 19 or 20 years old again,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300936", "title": "Grid failure puts train services off-track", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Monday was bad, Tuesday turned out to be worse for Indian Railways trying to bring back its schedule on track. Train services in northern India suffered major disruption for the second consecutive day as three regional power grids failed at the same time.With the Northern and Eastern Grids failing, movement of more than 300 trains was disrupted from 1.02pm in seven railway zones \u2014 especially 11 divisions \u2014 covering as many as 10 states, and the traffic could only be restored partially in different sections by the evening.An estimated 3.5 lakh passengers were affected. Passengers from Delhi were the worst hit with even Rajdhanis and Durantos unable to leave the city stations on time.Although power in different sections of Northern Railway was restored slowly from 2.45pm onwards, the congestion, especially on Delhi-Kota and Delhi-Kanpur routes, could be cleared only by 8pm as voltage remained low and the Dadri power plant and the Western Grid (from where railways was provided power on a priority basis) fell short of expectations.\"We were able to restore operations in Northern Railway from Delhi towards Kanpur, Kota and Itarsi by 2.15pm, and in East Coast Railway by 2.30pm,\" said SK Saxena, executive director (energy), Railway Board.Saxena added that train services on the busy Delhi-Howrah route had been largely restored, barring the Mughal Sarai-Gaya section.The worst affected zones in the wake of the power grid collapse were Northern Railway, North Central Railway, East Central Railway, East Coast Railway, parts of Eastern Railway, South Eastern Railway and West Central Railway.Trains bound for Delhi, Amritsar, Jammu, Ferozepur, Kalka and many other places came to halt mid-way following power failure. A Northern Railway spokesperson said Ambala-Kalka and Kalka-Ambala passenger trains were cancelled. The Delhi-bound Amrapali Express and the Paschim Express towards Mumbai were run with diesel engines.Among important trains, the Amritsar-bound Swarn Jayanti Express was stranded at Beas, the Howrah Duranto at Anand Vihar, the New Delhi-bound Sealdah Duranto at Tilak Bridge and the Delhi-bound Amritsar Express at Dhodha Khedi.\"Our train was to leave at 2.10pm from New Delhi. Here I am waiting with my family in the train at the platform and there's not a single railway officer to tell me when we can expect to start,'' said Santosh Singh, travelling on the Gomti Express.Nirja Jain, on the Shiv Ganga Express, said, \"We are being forced to wait inside the train. This might be the longest that I have spent at the originating station''.As many as 105 trains on Eastern Railway and 75 on South Eastern Railway were left stranded in seven divisions after the eastern grid collapsed, completely stalling train services for about four hours. This will hit train movement directly on Wednesday in the Kanpur-Delhi section, said officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306219", "title": "A sequel to Amaidhi Padai?", "text": "Director Manivannan, who had taken a break from cinema over the last couple of years, is now all set to direct his 50th film. Not surprisingly, the director will be teaming up with his favourite actor Sathyaraj.And if there is one film that the very mention of this combo evokes, it is Amaidhi Padai . Kollywood grapevine is now abuzz that Manivannan's 50th film will actually be a sequel to this cult hit.Sathyaraj confirmed that he will be playing the lead in his good friend's forthcoming film. However, he added, \"While we are mulling over making a sequel to Amaidhi Padai , we have not yet decided on a script yet. We want to proceed on the sequel only after we are confident about the script.\"Meanwhile, Manivannan said that his new film, while being a political satire, cannot technically be labelled as a sequel to Amaidhi Padai . \"Yes, the film will be a hard-hitting satire on present-day politics, but it will be in a style that is relevant for the current generation,\" he said. The film will also feature his son Raghuvannan and director-actor Seeman in crucial roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300430", "title": "Higher Secondary Education, Secondary School Certificate October exam schedule released", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education will conduct the repeaters' examination for the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC, std XII) and Secondary School Certificate (SSC, std X) from October 4.The exam will be conducted in nine divisions of the board - Pune, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Mumbai, Kolhapur, Amravati, Nashik, Latur and Konkan. The SSC exam will end on October 17, and the HSC exam on October 23.A statement issued by the board said that the practical and oral examinations for HSC will be held between September 21 and October 1. The science practical for SSC will be held between October 4 and October 17 while orals will be held between September 21 and October 1. The practical examination for technical and vocational subjects for SSC students will be held between October 18 and October 20.The SSC written and practical examination for visually impaired, physically challenged, speech and hearing impaired and spastic students will be held between October 19 and October 31. It is mandatory for all repeaters to give the practical and oral examination once again. The statement said that none of the marks from the previous examination will be considered during the October exam.The statement said that this would be the last chance for repeaters who wished to follow the old SSC curriculum for mathematics, science and information and technology subjects.SSC students will be provided a 20-page answersheet for science and information technology subjects and no supplements will be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300835", "title": "Govt plans courses in Capital Hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to start post graduate medical courses at Capital Hospital here soon. Chief secretary B K Patnaik chaired a high-level meeting to discuss about the move recently.Capital Hospital chief medical officer (CMO) Dr Sudarshan Das said discussions were held on whether to start post graduate degree such as master of medicine (MD), master of surgery (MS) or Diploma in National Board (DNB) courses. \"The proposal is in the nascent stage. The government is examining all possibilities,\" he said.The chief secretary-led meeting deliberated on requirement of faculty, additional infrastructure such as of lecture theatre, laboratory and workshops to start the new courses.The National Board of Examinations, which offers DNB has already evinced interest to start DNB courses in the hospital. A team from the board had inspected the hospital facilities to explore the possibilities of offering such courses, considered equivalent to MD and MS degrees some time ago. Doctors are eligible to apply for DNB after they complete three years of post-MBBS residency training in a recognized teaching hospital.The 540-bed Capital Hospital has a tremendous workload with average 150% occupancy in the indoors. On an average, 2,000 patients visit the hospital daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308336", "title": "Splash in for a party", "text": "When monsoon plays hide and seek and the electricity outages get even more bizarre...a dip in the pool is ideal to keep off the fluctuating temperaments.On one such recent afternoon, our party lot went crazy and devised a plan to hold a pool outing. And boy! Did it heat things up instead!Seduced by the blue They splashed in the cool blue while downing some heady drinks. Held at one of the elite clubs, the party saw several DJ's playing in succession, adding more spunk to the splashing waters. Youngsters, clad as sexily as possible, set the pool temperatures rising. While some dived in the waters, danced around cozily, others sat on the poolside chattering away. However, the temptation was too strong to resist and before long everyone dived in.Desi Vs. videshi Besides the guys, the videshi elements added to the exotic afternoon. A group of Germans and French were seen having a whale of a time. Enjoying frothy beer along with some energy drinks and sumptuous food, they joined in the dancing party. While this was certainly a new genre of partying, the city seems to be catching the pool party bug with another recent pool party being organsied by Gags Aulakh that had everyone in awe of it as it turned out to be a lethal combination of rain and pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300577", "title": "Season\u2019s best: Pune gets 69mm rain in 12 hours", "text": "PUNE: A sustained spell of moderate to heavy rain in the city yielded 69.6 mm in the 12-hour period between 8.30 am and 8.30 pm on Tuesday, erasing in good measure the worry lines over an impending water crisis. Another 10.2 mm rain was recorded from Monday night to Tuesday morning. Tuesday's rainfall was the highest in a day so far this season.The catchment areas around the city also received good rainfall. The Khadakwasla dam was 57% full and the authorities felt that it could well reach its maximum capacity by Wednesday morning. The collective storage in the four dams that supply water to the city \u2014 Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet \u2014 had reached 33.47% by Tuesday evening.In the 24 hours ending 6 am on Tuesday, Temghar had received 96 mm rain, Varasgaon and Panshet 122 mm each and Khadakwasla 25 mm.\"The good spell of rain will continue for the next two days but the intensity is likely to reduce during this period,\" Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting, told TOI on Tuesday.Pune: The wet spell had a noticeable impact on the city's rainfall deficiency for the season so far. The deficiency was down to 46% below normal as against 78% below normal that prevailed a week ago. Since June 1, the city has now received 177.5 mm rain (till 8.30 pm on July 31). This is 150.9 mm less than the normal of 328.4 mm for the %season.\"For the first time this season, we have had good rainfall across all the four regions in the state. This is because of the monsoon trough which is active over central India,\" said Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting.\"The west end of the trough, which is currently located near its normal position, is likely to shift northwards in the next day or two and this will reduce rainfall over central India,\" Khole said. For now, most parts of the state, including Pune, have reported good rains and this includes the ghat sections as well as the catchment areas of the dams.The dry spell that prevailed in the first two weeks of the month had raised serious concerns about the rainfall in July turning out to be worse than the rain realized in June, which had ended with a 75% deficiency. However, intermittent spells of moderate rains in the second half of July, especially in the last two days, allayed such fears and helped in reducing the city's rainfall deficiency quite significantly.On a monthly scale, the rainfall deficiency for July too has gone down substantially to 22% below normal for the month as against a worrying 90% below normal deficiency that prevailed in the first two weeks. The month had a total of 10 rainy days - rainfall in excess of 2.5 mm per day. The most rain came in the last two days of the month.Meanwhile, heavy rain occurred in several parts of south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, besides the Konkan and Goa region. Parts of Marathwada and Vidarbha also reported good rain.Mahabaleshwar in neighbouring Satara district received 254.3 mm rain between 8.30 am on Monday and 5.30 pm on Tuesday. Of this, 114 mm rain was recorded on Tuesday. Satara city recorded 34 mm rain while the Colaba observatory in Mumbai, which falls in the Konkan-Goa region, recorded 10 mm rain.Another 15 mm rain was reported from Alibaug while Aurangabad received 10 mm rain. Akola received 12 mm rain while Nashik recorded %22 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15299282", "title": "Frantic search for survivors in hospital amidst dying hope", "text": "NELLORE: The anguish and agony of parents who lost their kin in the train mishap spewed out like lava from a volcano when they did not find their dear ones' bodies at the government general hospital here on Tuesday. They yelled and seethed with rage at the officials and staged a protest at the hospital where the bodies of unidentified passengers were kept.Some of the parents rushed to Nellore and searched for the bodies of their kin. Although not finding the bodies among the retrieved from the ill-fated coach gave them a glimmer of hope about the survival of their kin, the official apathy in failing to provide information or details on the whereabouts of those missing is annoying the parents more. Though the authorities here did not rule out carrying out DNA tests on the unidentified bodies that were charred beyond recognition, parents and relatives said the response of the railways and hospital authorities was appalling.Kakatiya University assistant registrar Gouri Shankar, father of Mandarapu Avinash, 24, entered into a wordy duel with the police and doctors at the hospital as no official was at hand to provide information about his missing son, who was presumed dead. Shankar became emotional and burst into tears. \"While God has given us the cruellest punishment, the officials are torturing us more without giving any information,\" Shankar cried. Avinash was a software engineer with an IT major in Chennai and returning for work after spending the weekend with his parents in Warangal when he met with the fire mishap. His berth was 38.Relatives of another victim Kalasagar Burre, too, protested with the officials as the body of the young techie was not traced in the bundle of the bodies. Kalasagar, a resident of Tuni in East Godavari district, reached Vijayawada in Godavari Express and took the ill-fated Tamil Nadu Express on Sunday night to reach Chennai. He was working with Barryway Millers, a multinational IT company, and travelling in berth no 55.At least 11 passengers were yet to be traced as the relatives of the victims did not locate the bodies of their kin among the retrieved bodies. Meanwhile, doctors said they could hand over only those bodies which were identified by their relatives. \"They are insisting us to show us the bags containing the ash remains and parts of bodies kept for sending for DNA. We can hand over the ash remains only after getting the DNA analysis report,\" said an official at the hospital.Although junior railway minister Muniappa asked the police to shift the bodies to the railway hospital to Perambadur near Chennai, senior police officials convinced the minister that it could create more problems for the relatives as a majority of the victims hailed from AP. Sources said the police had decided to keep the unidentified bodies in the mortuary at the general hospital.Meanwhile, the authorities claimed that they had handed over 14 bodies to their kin after identification while efforts were underway to embalm the remaining bodies at the mortuary. Collector B Sridhar said they had handed over 14 bodies to the relatives of the deceased. \"The identification of other bodies was going on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299662", "title": "Parliamentary secretary Zahida Khan's husband faces rape charge", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old rape victim, who has been awaiting justice for the past two years, has named the sarpanch of Kaman panchayat in Bharatpur, Jalees Ahmed, husband of parliamentary secretary Zahida Khan, for raping her. Though the local police did not name him in the FIR, a local court recently asked Kaman police to register a separate case of rape against Ahmed after the intervention of Rajasthan High Court.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, the victim, who was 18 at the time of incident, said: \"I was abducted by six persons on October 20, 2010 while I was returning from the forests along with my aunt after collecting firewood. The accused kept me hostage at different places where I was repeatedly raped. Later the accused took me to the residence of Jalees Ahmed. From there I was taken to the police station. The police kept me at the station for the whole night and I was again handed over to the kidnappers. This time Jalees and others raped me again.\"She alleged that the accused was saved by the local police following political interference. After running from pillar to post, she approached the Rajasthan High Court which asked the concerned court in Kaman to register a separate FIR of rape in which the accused Jalees Ahmed should also be named.\"After the directive of the Rajasthan High Court, district &amp; sessions judge-2 at Deeg in Bharatpur, Ashok Kumar Jain, on July 23 ordered the inclusion of Jalees's name and four other accused in the case,\" she said.The victim has also demanded protection from the police since she has been getting threats from the accused.Zahida Khan is a Congress MLA from Kaman constituency and was recently made parliamentary secretary and also appointed general secretary of All India Mahila Congress in October 2011 following the Gopalgarh violence in September, 2011.Zahida was summoned by the CBI to its headquarters in New Delhi for questioning on her alleged involvement in the Gopalgarh violence though she is yet to appear before the CBI.Jalees, when contacted, said: \"It is a political conspiracy against me and my family to tarnish our image. The said girl actually eloped with a local boy. Later after her recovery, she told the police that she was kidnapped. As far as I am concerned the accused in the case has already been arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301192", "title": "Rakhi rush may jam major roads in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Thursday, expect heavy traffic movement on account of Raksha Bandhan. \"Roads are likely to be congested. Both public and private transport will be affected,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. He added that elaborate arrangements had been made to minimize inconvenience to the public.Traffic movement is likely to be affected on Wazirabad road, Road no. 66, Road no. 56 (ISBT Anand Vihar), and GT Road Shahdara in north and east Delhi.In south Delhi, stretches on Mathura Road (near Badarpur), MB Road, NH-8 (Dhaula Kuan), and Ring Road (near ISBT Kashmere Gate and Sarai Kale Khan) are likely to be congested. The Outer Ring Road stretch from Prashant Vihar to Rohini is also expected to see heavy traffic movement.\"Commuters are advised to use public transport to avoid congestion,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15301246", "title": "Man held for abusing stepdaughter", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vithura police on Tuesday arrested a 45-year-old man for allegedly raping his stepdaughter. Rajan of Podiyakkala tribal colony near Peppara was arrested based on a complaint filed by the 14-year-old girl. The girl alleged that Rajan had been sexually abusing her for the past six months.Police said that it was the teachers of the Meenakkal Tribal School, where the girl studied, encouraged her to file the complaint. The girl was silently suffering the torture as Rajan was the lone breadwinner of the family. Her mother is ailing from physical problems after she suffered burns in an accident a year ago.It was after the accident that Rajan's behaviour towards the girl changed. Fearing that her family would die of starvation, she did not object to the act. Eventually, she slipped into a mental trauma and refrained from going to school. The teachers who contacted her subjected her to a counseling during which the girl revealed her plight to them.Rajan was produced before the court which remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15304394", "title": "E-filing for I-T returns extended to Aug 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: While extending the due date of filing of returns of income for the assessment year 2012-13 from July 31 to August 31, the Income Tax department on Tuesday relaxed norms for e-filing of returns for NRIs and trusts whose income exceeds Rs 10 lakh annually.The decision to extend the due date for filing of returns has been taken \"on consideration of the reports of disturbance of general life caused due to failure of power and further in consideration of the fact that the e-filing of returns for a specified category of individuals and Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) has been made mandatory,\" a press note from the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) said.Relaxing norms for NRIs and trusts, the CBDT said it will not be mandatory for \"private discretionary trusts\" and NRIs, if his or its total income exceeds Rs 10 lakh, to electronically furnish the return of income for assessment year 2012-13.Earlier, the CBDT had made it mandatory for an individual or HUF, if his or its total income during the previous year exceeds Rs 10 lakh, to furnish the return electronically for the assessment year 2012-13 and subsequent assessment years.However, it was brought to the notice of the Board that the agents of non-residents were facing difficulties in electronically furnishing the returns of NRIs because there may be more than one agent of his in India for various transactions or a person in India may be an agent of more than one NRI. Such situations were not covered by the existing e-filing software which functions on the principle of one assessee-one PAN-one return.It was also brought to the notice of the Board that private discretionary trusts were facing problems in filing their returns of income electronically in cases where they are submitting their details as individual. This is because status of a private discretionary trust has been held in law as that of an individual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15302099", "title": "Fraud in Kerala State Transport Corporation depot bigger than imagined", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The financial fraud unearthed last week involving officials of the Kerala State Transport Corporation (KSRTC) depot in Sulthan Bathery, Wayanad, is turning out to be larger in scale than was initially thought to be. Realizing this, the Wayanad police have decided to officially hand over the further probe to the state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau (VACB). Initial investigation by the police, which delved into depot's operations in the last two months, had found that the KSRTC employees have swindled over Rs 11 lakh by entering lower amounts of daily bus collections in the system.Cops believe the money siphoned off could be to the tune of Rs 35 lakh and have registered cases against E Shajahan, senior assistant at the depot, and nine bus conductors. Shajahan is considered to be the kingpin of the fraud. Cops have already handed over the case file to vigilance officials.According to Justin Abraham, CI of Sulthan Bathery, Shajahan, who was handling the cash collection in the depot, manipulated the daily fare collections entered in the computer system. This was often done after he transfers the ticketing data from the electronic ticketing machines given by the bus conductors to the master computer through infrared. In the process, he is alleged to have swindled thousands of rupees. Money was siphoned from the collections made from inter-state bus services to Bangalore and Coimbatore and long-distance routes like the Sulthan Bathery-Thiruvananthapuram service.Cops say the culprits also tampered with the fare chart in the master computer, making it impossible to transfer data from ticketing machines to the computer. This helped them manually enter lower amounts of collection.An investigation by the KSRTC main office in Thiruvananthapuram has revealed huge losses to the daily collection in long-distance services from the depot. It has suspended the senior assistant and four conductors from service and terminated the services of five empaneled conductors. A departmental probe is on to ascertain the extent of the fraud, which it is doubted has been going on for the last several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302320", "title": "PIL against allotment of land in Upper Lake's 'catchment area' to private varsity", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has restrained till further hearing construction on 200 acres of government land, allotted to a society for setting up of a private university, on public interest litigation (PIL) challenging allotment of land which it said fell in the \"catchment area\" of the famous Upper Lake of the city.Hearing a PIL moved by a group of students, who were students of \"Leeds Met India\" University, a division bench comprising Justuce K K Lahoti and Justice Vimla Jain passed the interim order, restraining Jagaran Welfare Society from undertaking any further construction on the land allotted to them for 'Jagaran Lake City Private University\".Petitioners' counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta told TOI that the students had filed a PIL challenging \"large scale irregularities\" in allotment of 200 acres of land by the state revenue department to the society for construction of its private university. The petition said the land in question fell in the catchment area of Upper Lake-Mugaliya Chhap and it also challenged change of the land use of allotted land by the housing and environment department.He said the petitioners, relying on a Supreme Court order, stated that land being a \"natural resource\" has been allotted without any public advertisement or transparent procedure and construction activities of the university campus has been undertaken without obtaining prior environment clearance mandatory under EIA notification of Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF).The petitioners argued that the Town and Country Planning department also ignored a vital objection, raised by its former director Deepali Rastogi, that allowing permanent constructions over such a fragile land would be adverse to the ecology of the Upper Lake, which is a major water reservoir of Bhopal .From the documents annexed in the PIL, Gupta pointed contended that the allotted land, contributing 10 % of water generation capacity to the Upper Lake, had been illegally leased out.Issuing notices to the respondents, including revenue, housing and environment, state EIA authority and MP Private University Regulatory Commission, the court however permitted the society to undertake glass covering works over their building after society's counsel stated that the construction was essentially complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302289", "title": "Public Service Guarantee Act : 8 states replicate MP model", "text": "BHOPAL: Eight states have replicated the Madhya Pradesh government's Public Service Delivery Guarantee Act even as the centre is mulling enactment of a similar legislation to ensure timely delivery of government services.Bihar, Punjab, Uttarakhand, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Jharkhand have introduced Act on the Madhya Pradesh model, a government release said on Monday.In all, 52 services of 16 government departments have been placed under the ambit of the Act implemented in the state since September, 2010. The departments include energy, labour, public health engineering, revenue, urban administration and development, general administration, social justice, SC/ST welfare, food, civil supplies and consumer protection, forests, home, farmers' welfare and agriculture development, woman and child development, transport and panchayats and rural development.Till July this year, as many as 1.25 crore applications received under the Act have been disposed of and services were made available against 99 per cent applications. Online facility for moving applications has also been made available since August last year. \"24 lakh applications were received online of which 99 per cent were disposed of\", the release said.The Act provides that if notified services are not provided to an applicant within time-limit, the applicant can appeal at two levels while there is a provision of Rs 5,000 fine on the officer delaying the second appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300267", "title": "Central Railways launches slew of green projects", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of Central Railways seems to be going the green way. It has launched a slew of environment-friendly initiatives like rainwater harvesting, recycling waste water and planting trees.After successful commissioning of a rainwater harvesting project at its electric loco shed at Ajni last year, the Central Railways here will take up a similar project at its Ajni colony. Besides, it is also on the verge of dedicating a waste water recycling plant to tide over water crisis.All the projects are the brainchild of divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit. The rainwater harvesting facility at Ajni loco shed was launched last year and 30 lakh litres of water is being harvested annually from around 3,000 sq metre of roof area of the loco shed, said Sanjay Khare, senior divisional engineer (coordination).\"The harvested water is then used to recharge an open well and a borewell,\" Khare said. He added that the success story of the harvester has given them confidence to repeat it at the Ajni railway colony. Here the project will be implemented in around 200 RB-II and RB-III quarters.In Ajni colony there are about 2,000 quarters spread in an area of 9 sq km. The new rainwater harvesting facility will cater to mostly multi-storied buildings. The railways is planning to recharge 13 lakh litre of groundwater annually by using harvested rain water.The tender for the Rs5 lakh project has been finalized and work will start after two months. The project will be actually put to use only next year.Ajni colony faces acute water crisis during summer and water is supplied through tankers. Many railway unions have been protesting the scarcity of water in the colonies for past many years. By utilizing the rain water harvesting facility officials hope to ease water crisis partially.Apart from this, a water recycling plant is expected to be commissioned in Ajni colony next month. Work on the plant, which is being set up with the help of National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), is expected to be completed in 15 days.The plant, costing Rs8 lakh, will recycle 30,000 litres of bathroom and kitchen wastewater per day. The recycled water will be then used for gardening and watering the cricket ground. The officials hope that the plant will thus help save precious drinking water.The Central Railways has also launched a massive drive in the entire division to plant 20,000 trees. Till now over 12,000 trees like teak, neem, gulmohar and other species have been planted on railway land in Ajni, Ballarshah, Betul, Wardha, Katol, Narkhed, Sewagram, Amla and other stations.\"One of the reasons to take up plantations is to stop encroachments on railway lands,\" Khare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300327", "title": "King George's Medical University postpones surgeries, hospital information system collapses at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "LUCKNOW: Doctors and hospital staff in various government and private health care facilities kept their fingers crossed on Tuesday, hoping that no patient falls prey to the unexpected power cut. And it was at around 6.00 p.m., when they all heaved a sigh of relief, as electricity supply was restored. Though many hospitals had back up in form of generators, health services in Lucknow were badly affected.Surgeons at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and King George's Medical University decided to finish ongoing surgeries and postpone the remaining scheduled ones. \"We thought going ahead with the next surgery may put the lives of patients at risk. And, no one knew when the power supplies would be restored,\" said Prof RK Sharma, director, SGPGIMS.He informed that services in the institution were badly affected due to failure of the northern grid. \"Institute's hospital information management system collapsed. This badly affected registration, admission and discharge services. All the work was done manually. The crashing of HIMS server also took toll on pathological and radiological services, as the software to run the system could not function,\" he said.Inside the wards, where air-conditioning was not working, limited number of fans and lights connected to the generators. However, many patients and attendants in the general wards complained that they were feeling suffocated on account of limited ventilation. \"Services in the specialty and intensive care wards were not affected,\" claimed Prof Sharma.Patients in the general medicine and surgical wards were a harried lot. \"But this didn't result in any untoward incident,\" claimed doctors. When asked to comment, chief medical superintendent, KGMU, Prof SN Shankhwar, said, \"All operations theatres and specialised wards were linked to generators and we ran the generators constantly to ensure that no patient suffers.\" He added that the medical university procured 1,800 litres of diesel to run the generators, which is about six times the usual demand.However, two generators linked to the medicine department collapsed at around 5.30 p.m., which made it difficult for the patients. \"Thankfully power supply was restored very soon,\" said Prof Shankhwar. Those undergoing treatment in the general wards complained that the hospital administration remained apathetic towards their condition. \"They could have arranged for pedestal fans, but probably the common patient is not their priority,\" rued Ramesh Verma, whose father is undergoing treatment at Gandhi ward. Like Ramesh, most patients were seeing fanning their patients besides helping themselves.The challenge for keeping power supply intact at the burn unit of Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital was too big for the hospital administration. But the officials managed to sail through. \"The entire unit was put on generator. Seeing the shortage of diesel in the market, we procured additional stock, so that the facility worked uninterrupted at least for the next 24 hours,\" said Dr SK Hasan, chief medical superintendent.Patient care services were affected in private hospitals as well. The big players managed to sustain the crisis, while the smaller ones which banked on smaller generators or invertors couldn't manage after a point. \"At around 4.30 pm, we felt that the systems will not work. So we stopped all other works and ensured that power was supplied to the wards,\" said SA Ansari, who has a small hospital near City Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308084", "title": "Ashmit to make a debut in Punjabi movie!", "text": "Ashmit Patel, who is a well known name in Bollywood, is all set to make his debut in Punjabi cinema with upcoming Punjabi movie 'Dil Sada Luteya Gya'. Ashmit Patel has done more than ten movies in Bollywood and out of them his appearance in Murder (also starring Emraan Hashmi and Mallika Shehrawat) was the most admired one. With Ashmit Patel the movie includes Jonita Doda, Rhiythm Arora, Jividha Astha, Mangi Mahal and more.'Dil Sada Luteya Gya' is directed by Maanoj Punj and produced by Saby Saanjh and Angad Singh. The story has been has penned by DH Rattan and screenplay is done by Maanoj Punj himself.Mangi Mahal, the well established singer and writer is also playing a crucial role in the movie. Jonita Doda and Jividha Astha are already known faces in Punjabi movies but there is a new ravishing face, Rhiythm Arora, in the movie. She is very much a familiar and famous face on television. We have seen her anchoring many Punjabi shows.'Dil Sada Luteya Gya' will be released next year.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15300640", "title": "Ex-Bihar Cricket Association functionary passes away", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: T G Mukherjee, former vice-president of the erstwhile Bihar Cricket Association, passed away early on Tuesday. The octogenarian physician breathed his last at the Tata Medical Hospital. Mukherjee is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter.\"We deeply mourn his death,\" said Jharkhand State Cricket Association secretary Rajesh Verma. He said in Mukherjee's death, the state's cricket fraternity has lost an able administrator and a keen cricket enthusiast.The Indian Medical Association (IMA) also condoled the demise of Dr Mukherjee.\"He was not just the president of the association, but was the guardian of the organization. We deeply mourn his death,\" said Dr Mritunjay Singh, secretary of IMA's Jamshedpur chapter.Mukherjee served as IMA's Jamshedpur president for three terms.He was also a social worker associated with various social organizations and rendered free medical service to the financially weaker people. The last rites were performed at Parvati crematorium on Tuesday afternoon in presence of his friends and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15297771", "title": "Rakhi offer: Postal department offers discount on gold coins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After introducing water proof and designer envelopes and special arrangements for booking and delivery of Rakhi, the postal department has offered a special discount on purchase of gold coins.Director postal services, Allahabad Region, Krishna Kumar Yadav said on Raksha Bandhan, a special discount of 6.5% will be given on purchase of gold coins from identified post offces. These coins have unique logo of India Post with purity rating 24 carat (99.99%) from Valcambi under Swiss certification. These coins will be available in the identified post offices in the denomination of 0.5 gm, 1 gm, 5 gm, 8 gm, 10 gm, 20 gm and 50 gm for sale. The special offer is only for August 1.He said 14 post offices in Allahabad region have been identified for sale of gold coins are Allahabad HPO, Allahabad Kutchery HPO, Handia PO, Phulpur PO, Pratapgarh HPO, Mirzapur HPO, Obra PO, Shaktinagar PO, Jaunpur HPO, Ghazipur HPO, Varanasi HPO, Varanasi Cantt HPO, Bhadohi PO and Chandauli PO.Yadav added that special arrangements have been made for delivery of Rakhi mails on August l and 2. He said instructions have been issued to post offices to make second delivery, if necessary, in addition to the normal delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15299322", "title": "There were three blasts: Survivor", "text": "NELLORE: An eye-witness and a survivor of the Tamil Nadu Express fire accident, S Madanlal, on Tuesday insisted that there were at least three blasts in the S-11 coach that caught fire.Madanlal, a resident of I Town area in Vijayawada, asserted that it was a planned attack by subversive elements and not an accident as believed by many, including police. A wholesale dealer of electrical equipment in Vijayawada, Madanlal was on his way to Chennai on some business work. \"I was among the first few passengers to reach the exit door, which we could open with great difficulty. I first heard the blast sound and also heard two more blast noises,\" he told TOI.Madanlal, occupant of berth number 69, said he jumped out of the train soon after smelling the smoke and seeing the flames engulfing the coach fast. He was admitted to Bollineni Hospital as he fell unconscious soon after jumping out .Recollecting his horrifying journey in the ill-fated coach, Madanlal said, \"Undoubtedly, it was a blast that resulted in the fire.\" He further said that had it been short-circuit, there would not have been such a deafening sound. \"It was a very loud sound just like what we hear after a huge blast. While getting down, I heard it at least 2-3 times,\" he said. Madanlal said he is ready to depose before the investigating authorities, if summoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15301723", "title": "7 thieves nabbed in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum police took seven thieves into custody in three separate cases in the past four days and recovered valuables worth around Rs 11 lakh from them. The loot included gold ornaments, 6.5 kg silver and Rs 25,000 cash.Sandeep Patil, SP, told reporters here on Tuesday that the police department formed three teams to tackle the increasing theft cases. .He said that Malmaruti police arrested two thieves, residents of Mahadwar Road, and recovered from them gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 9 lakh stolen from six houses.While Khade Bazar police arrested two pickpockets and recovered valuables worth of Rs 1.25 lakh from them, Belgaum (Rural) police arrested three accused, involved in different house theft cases in Yallur and Hindalaga villages and recovered valuables worth Rs 75,400 from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302104", "title": "Light candle to help the disabled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Blind People's Association (BPA) will celebrate this Rakshabandhan with a difference. BPA will be part of a unique initiative where citizens can donate money for the disabled by simply lighting a candle.According to BPA officials, the organization in association with Nokia India Ltd will support Flame of Asha. \"We would like to invite all the citizens of city to come forward and lit a candle of light at our campus in Vastrapur. Each such candle will bring Rs 100 for needy special citizens,\" said an official.The function will begin at 5.30 pm at BPA campus in Vastrapur on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302225", "title": "Junior police officer gets 3-year jail term for accepting bribe", "text": "COIMBATORE: A special court for cases under prevention of corruption act has sentenced a 35-year-old junior assistant in the police department to three years of rigorous imprisonment on Tuesday for accepting a bribe of Rs 200.A Abdullah, an auto driver hailing from Podanur, had failed to produce his vehicle for inspection to issue the fitness certificate before Regional Transport Office (RTO) here in 2005. The vehicle was seized by a motor vehicle inspector and officials forwarded a notice to the G3 section of the district police office. RTO officials informed the auto driver that he needed to get the clearance certificate from police.B Sunilkumar, 35, a junior assistant in the G3 section of the Coimbatore district police office had demanded Rs 200 as bribe from Abdullah, failing which he threatened not to process his papers. Abdullah informed Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption ( DVAC) sleuths about the bribe and they planned to stage a trap. Sunilkumar was caught red handed in May 2005. He was arrested and sent to judicial custody. Later, he was released on bail. On Tuesday, the special court judge P Elango sentenced him to three years RI and slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298883", "title": "MLA Sriramulu hatched cash-for-bail plan, says Suresh Babu", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was Karnataka independent MLA Sriramulu who asked his nephew and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu to offer bribe to judges and secure a bail for the arrested mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy.In his confession before the ACB sleuths, Suresh Babu said that he along with Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhara Reddy and their relative, Dasaratharami Reddy, had offered Rs 20 crore bribe to judges through Yadgiri Rao as per the directions from Sriramulu. Suresh Babu said that during one of the 'mulaqats' at Chanchalguda jail, he had assured Gali Janardhan Reddy to secure a bail for him soon and after that assurance, he and others went about hatching a plan to bribe the judges in order to secure the bail.Towards that end, Suresh Babu said he met realtor Ravi Surya Prakash Babu, suspended judges K Lakshminarasimha Rao and D Prabhakar Rao, who were close friends of suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao. The Kampli MLA has also said that he met Nacharam history-sheeter P Yadagiri Rao at Dasapalla hotel in Banjara Hills and discussed the matter of securing bail through retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao. The history-sheeter promised to secure bail for Gali Janardhan Reddy and demanded Rs 5 crore each to him, CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, T V Chalapathi Rao and an additional amount of Rs 5 crore towards what he called 'high court expenditure.'The MLA agreed to pay Rs 20 crore bribe but sought some assurance from judge Pattabhi. To convince them, Yadgiri Rao along with Chalapathi Rao had brought Pattabhirama Rao's son T Ravichandra to Masab Tank. After seeing Ravichandra, the MLA and his associates agreed for the deal.After the bail was granted on May 11, Somasekhara Reddy gave Rs 4.5 crore to Yadagiri Rao at Daspalla hotel, all packed in nine bags. The Kampli MLA also accompanied Yadagiri Rao in a four-wheeler and dropped him at Ashok Nagar where the money was handed over to Chalapathi Rao.After the interrogation, Suresh Babu was produced before the ACB court and remanded in judicial custody. He has been shifted to Cherlapalli prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15302767", "title": "BJP attacks governor for allowing Solanki's prosecution", "text": "RAJKOT: BJP leader in charge of Gujarat Balbir Punj, while calling governor Dr Kamla a Congress agent, has accused her of crossing the constitutional limits.Replying to a query on prosecution sanction given for state fisheries minister Purshottam Solanki in a fishing scam, Punj said, \"Gujarat governor is a Congress agent and is crossing the constitutional limits.'' Dr Kamla has sanctioned prosecution of Solanki while overruling a cabinet decision.Punj went on to attack the UPA government holding it responsible for Assam violence as it has failed to curb infiltration from Bangladesh .\"The recent violence in Assam was due to Bangladeshi migrants. UPA government lead by the Congress is not taking steps to check infiltration. It is encouraging the Bangladeshis by giving relief packages to them and providing housing facility to them,'' he said.He expressed confidence that BJP would win the forthcoming assembly polls in the state and claimed that every 10th person in Gujarat is a member of BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299537", "title": "Courts can use solar power, suggest judges", "text": "MUMBAI: Solar power is a source of energy for the future, said the Bombay high court on Tuesday while directing the state government to explore using it to provide uninterrupted electricity for mofussil/ district courts and jails.The suggestion of a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was made on a petition filed by Jalna principal district judge for giving video-conference facility between courts and jails due to shortage of police escort and uninterrupted power supply.Advocate S R Nargolkar, appearing for the HC, said the 'whole exercise' of video-conferencing will be futile due to electricity disruptions in these courts. \"Examine the viability of solar power. It is a source of energy for the future.There is a misconception it does not work in this (rainy) weather,'' said Justice Bobde. The judges then issued notices to the state electricity distribution authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15301920", "title": "C N R Rao dubs Bangalore a metro without soul", "text": "MYSORE: Scientist C N R Rao on Tuesday lamented the changing attitude of Bangaloreans towards education and said the IT city has become a metro without soul.\"Parents are focusing only on making their children earn money. They have lost taste for education. The mindset of Bangloreans has changed from education to business and parents have a major role in ruining kids' future. It is sad that none of the students from Bangalore has done doctoral studies under my guidance,\" he said.He was speaking at the state-level meet on science and technology at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE) in association with the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology and Vision Group on Science and Technology.According to him, students from rural areas are more focused on higher studies. \"Rural students have the potential, but we are unable to tap it. If given suitable atmosphere, they will do wonders,\" he said.He also stressed the importance of science and technology in rural development and said nano science is doing well at grassroots level in solving drinking water problem.Frontier science is the need of the hour in the country. Solar energy will be sufficient to meet the demand in rural areas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15313324", "title": "Raksha Bandhan: NGO vows to protect trees", "text": "AMRITSAR: On Raksha Bandan when sisters will be tying Rakhi's to their brothers, a group of NGO's in Amritsar will tie Rakhi's to trees especially the old trees and make a vow to protect them from felling on the name of development.But their efforts may not yield imminent results to protect old trees as Durgiana Temple management committee has decided to carry on with their plan of axing 4 trees where a commercial complex is going to constructed. Executive Director of NGO, Mission Aagaaz , Deepak Babbar informed that they would tie Rakhi's to trees as a symbolic gesture to create awareness among people to protect the old trees which had the heritage significance.He informed that they had begun the movement to save peepal and banyan tree situated in Durgiana abadi where Amritsar Improvement Trust wanted to construct a commercial complex to shift the displaced shopkeepers under the Durgiana temple beautification plan . As the agitation gained momentum, people from all spheres of life and NGO started joining them movement to save trees. Secretary of Durgiana Temple Management Committee Harish Taneja said \"We have to cut the trees to construct commercial complex since it is the order of court\". He said they would plant more than 40 trees in the Durgiana Temple complex.\"We are still in touch with experts to save at least 1 or 2 trees \" he said. President of another NGO Lok Kalyan Samiti Jagmohan Singh said the argument of Durgiana management seems to be convincing but they had promised us to save at least 2 trees. He said the NGO's would also intensify their movement against possible felling of old trees on court road for the construction of overhead bridge. Babbar said cutting trees on the name of development was not justified. \"There are always ways out, if a tree comes in way of straight road then road can be given little bend to save the tree, it is the strong will which is required to save the trees\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299909", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike may finally get its hands on Electronics City", "text": "BANGALORE: The Silicon Valley of India is all set to come within the limits of Greater Bangalore. On Tuesday, the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike council passed a resolution to this effect.The entire Electronics City, including its three stages, will be added to BBMP's limits. Currently, the industrial hub is part of Anekal taluk on the outskirts of Bangalore.The BBMP aims to mop up an additional Rs 300 crore as revenue through this move. \"Villages such as Konappana Agrahara, Dodda Togur, Golla Halli, Balaji extension, Shikari Palya, Thirupalya, Neeladri Nagar, Bettadasapura, Huli Mangala, Govinda Shetty Palya, Krishna Reddy extension, Neo Town, Shanthi Pura, Veerasandra industrial area, Veerasandra village that are spread across the three stages of Electronics City will be added to BBMP limits,\" said M Nagaraj, BJP, who read out the resolution.The issue was raised by Yediyur corporator N R Ramesh. \"It's an area of 440 acres and has a built-up area of over 3 crore sqft. In order to evade paying tax to BBMP, Electronics City Industries Association had misguided the urban development department during the delimitation process in 2008. BBMP is providing basic amenities to Electronics City, but gets no revenue benefits,\" said Ramesh.\"Bangalore's largest mall-cum-township is coming up at Electronics City. Spread over 120 acres, the township is likely to house 139 retail units and residential units. While providing basics amenities for such townships, BBMP must get revenue benefits,\" he added.The resolution witnessed no objection from opposition party leaders. \"It's a welcome move. This should have taken place long ago. All those who commute to Electronics City for work are Bangaloreans. But the revenue benefits are being enjoyed by the village panchayats,\" said M K Gunashekar, opposition party leader.The resolution will be sent for government approval and becomes operational only after getting its nod.What BBMP gainsBBMP can mop up a minimum of Rs 300 crore from industries and posh residential units in and around E-city once it's added to BBMP limits. There are 187 IT/ITES companies in E-City.Association speakEver since Keonics handed over Phase1of Electronics City 20 years ago, we have been managing the industrial area with minimal maintenance charges collected from companies. Companies are paying property tax to the local panchayats namely Konappana Agrahara and Doddatugur. ELCIA understands the requirements of companies with regard to housekeeping, estate maintenance, water, power, waste management and security and we have handled it well. Many national and international organizations have shown keen interest in our best practices. The state government should grant industrial places like Electronic City the status of industrial township under the state's law and promote proven self-governance.-- NS Rama, CEO, Electronic City Industries Association", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307824", "title": "Net loss for Rakhi sisters, as boys log off", "text": "Boys take a break from social networking to avoid girls keen on foisting brotherly ties on them this Raksha Bandhan.The word is out and boys in the city are taking no chances this Raksha Bandhan as they rush to get off the social networking bandwagon, all in a bid to avoid a brotherly act by girls. A few others have decided to even forgo college on the day, lest some overzealous girl accosts them in the classes.Take for example Gokul Bhandari from Sampoornand Sanskrit University who's advised his FB friends to keep their accounts deactivated and mobile phones switched off on Raksha Bandhan to avoid brotherly greetings from girls. Bhandari himself intends to go off social networking on that day, alleging that at times, girls use the festival to settle scores. His logic: \"Sending Raksha Bandhan greetings is an apt manner in which a girl can tell a boy that the attention he has been showering on her will not be reciprocated. It can be embarrassing.\"In fact, management student Sumesh (name changed) can illustrate this with an example. He says, \"My classmate, Utsav who considered himself quite the Casanova, liked this girl in our class. But she did not welcome the attention, especially since she herself was dating someone else. Utsav did not get her repeated hints, so a day before the Raksha Bandan, the girl he likes went up to him and tied a rakhi. The unsuspecting boy was so taken aback that he just got onto his bike and went away. This became such a talked- about incident in our college that Utsav remained absent for some days due to the embarrassment.\"Management student Amit Singh too has an experience to share. He relates, \"My friend, Rohit, had a terrible experience last year. Woh jis ladki ko like karta tha usne Rakhi wale din FB par publicly usko Rakhi greetings bhej diya tha and requested him to become her brother. She added that she likes someone else and usne kabhi Rohit ko uss nazar se dekha hi nahi tha. Poor Rohit was totally shocked.\" Amit adds, \"I am not going to take any chance. I have decided to deactivate my account on Rakhsha Bandhan. It can get embarrassing if any girl does this on a public platform.\"Girls sure can take the mickey out of boys on this festival, agrees BSc student Alok Chaudhary, who too plans to deactivate his FB account on that day. \"Any public display of a sisterly emotion by a girl can be humiliating for the boy if he harbours any romantic feelings for her. A single such message posted on the FB wall, even in jest, by girls is too much to take. Friends mein toh apni izzat ka band baj jaayega. I don't want to take any chance,\" he says, tongue in cheek.Mridul Sharma, first year MA student at the University of Allahabad has gone one step ahead and apart from deactivating his FB account, he has decided to attend class on that day. \"Sending rakhis or asking a guy to become a brother on Raksha Bandhan is a good strategy for girls to get rid of suitors they are either not interested in or those who they feel create unwarranted fuss. A number of my friends have informed me about that, so apart from deactivating my account, I am also planning to not go to the University on this fest. Koi chance hi nahi lena.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303528", "title": "Protesting Mahabs residents barred from shore temple", "text": "CHENNAI: An attempt to start worship at the shore temple in Mamallapuram was foiled on Tuesday after police stopped more than 500 people from entering the Pallava-era temple that was taken over by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in 1984.Tuesday's attempt, residents said, was part of a plan against the proposed takeover of the Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple, about 500 metres from the shore temple, by the ASI. Residents believe the ASI's takeover of the Perumal temple would deprive them of a place of worship. More than 100 shops in the town were closed on Tuesday in support of the residents. \"Prior to the ASI taking over the shore temple after declaring it a protected monument, worship was conducted there. Today's attempt is to highlight that a similar ban will be imposed at the Perumal temple after it is taken over by the ASI,\" said Mamallapuram Traders Association president S Chandran.A large contingent of police was deployed and barricades placed in front of the shore temple to prevent residents from marching towards it. Police also enforced Section 144 of the IPC. The residents later held a public meeting in front of the Perumal temple for more than an hour and dispersed. Mamallapuram town panchayat chairman M Kothandapani did not take part in the agitation as he did in the earlier protests.Fear of losing their rights to construct or repair ancestral structures in the town, including houses, prompted thousands of residents to organise a series of protests since May 20 when the ASI issued a public notice requesting objections if any on the Union government's intention to declare the ancient temple a monument of national importance under Section 4 of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. \"Fears that worship at the Perumal temple would be banned are not true. Even now, daily rituals are conducted at ASI-protected monuments like the Big Temple in Thanjavur. The aim of the takeover is to preserve the Pallava-era architectural marvels of the temple,\" said an ASI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15304313", "title": "Arunachal media lifts ban on govt news, ads", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists (APUWJ) and Arunachal Press Club ( APC ) decided to lift its ban on carrying government news and advertisements in a review meeting at the Press Club premises here on Monday. They lifted the ban in public interest at the end of 15 days. The ban was in protest against the inaction of the state government, its law-enforcing agencies and the courts in bringing the persons, who attacked APUWJ president and Arunachal Times associate editor Tongam Rina on July 15 last, to book and punishing them.Though the media appreciated the police for arresting 11 accused in the April 15 attack on Arunachal Times office and identifying the absconding mastermind , they were dissatisfied that the gunman who fired at Rina was still at large.The organizations appointed a legal advisor to track the legal process and advise them on the future course of action till a logical conclusion is reached and the culprits in both cases and all pending cases on attacks on mediapersons and media houses are brought to book. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302245", "title": "Life term for murder accused", "text": "COIMBATORE: An accused in a murder case was sentenced to life in prison by the third additional district court on Tuesday. The convict was already behind bars in connection with another murder case.On 13 May 2011, a 40-year-old man was found dead near the railway track at Lanka Corner Bridge in the city. His head was smashed with a big stone. The deceased was identified as Murugan, but his original address is yet to be identified.The culprit in the above case killed another man, Nagaraj at Syrian Church Road on May 22. RS Puram police registered a case and arrested the accused two months later. He was identified as K Kannan (23) hailing from Sulur.Police said, Kannan, a rag picker, was consuming alcohol along with Murugan. When he asked Murugan for money to buy more alcohol, he did not oblige. In a fit of rage, he murdered Murugan. He has been implicated in both murder cases.In both murder cases, he was sentenced to life in prison and slapped a fine of Rs 1000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15299462", "title": "Why power is a perennial problem", "text": "Those who operate India's electricity grids may still be groping for clues as to what caused Tuesday's collapse of three regional networks, but there are no puzzles about the deeper malaise that grips India's power sector. In simple terms, the bottomline is that the sector has just not kept pace with a fast-growing economy.Sample this: Between 1980-81 and 1990-91, the country's power generating capacity grew by 124%. In the next decade, also the first decade of economic reforms, the rise in capacity was a shockingly low 58% and the decade up to 2010-11 saw an increase of 75%, still way below what was achieved in the 1980s. Electricity consumption, not surprisingly, shows a similar pattern.But why has power generation not gone up proportionately? A major reason clearly lies in the sorry state of finances of the state electricity boards (SEBs). With a combined debt of just under Rs 2 lakh crore, the SEBs are hard put to just keep themselves running, leave alone finding the money to invest in further capacity. Their financial distress, in turn, is largely a result of politically mandated populist giveaways by governments which are unwilling to take the cost of these freebies on their books.An economy that moves from a low growth trajectory to a relatively high growth one would obviously see its energy needs increasing more rapidly than in the past. But in India, the move from the 'Hindu' rate of growth before the 1990s to an era that saw 9%-plus growth rates of GDP for three years running was actually accompanied by a slowing down of the growth of the power sector. Not for nothing is power seen as the single biggest infrastructural constraint on India's growth.\"This is a wake-up call for policymakers. We believe that to grow at 8%, the power sector needs to grow at 6.5 to 7%,\" said Amit Sinha, partner at Bain and Company, adding that lack of power would seriously dent the country's manufacturing sector and hurt exports.The pace of capacity addition was particularly slow in the 1990s, a decade in which policy planners somewhat wishfully assumed that the private sector would step in to add a large chunk of capacity, but even the pick-up in recent years has been far from adequate. In the 11th Plan period (2007-12), for instance, the targeted capacity addition was 78,700 MW. What was actually achieved was closer to 50,000 MW, a shortfall of about 36%.States like Punjab give free power to the farm sector. Even those states that do not give anybody free power are loath to hike power tariffs when input costs go up. As one expert observed, \"If state governments want to subsidise power to some sections, that is their prerogative, but they must then have the honesty to pay for this subsidy from the government budget and not make the SEBs foot the bill.\"In theory, state electricity regulators are supposed to be fixing tariffs on a rational basis and doing so independent of political influence. In practice, it is hardly a secret that state governments try to get pliable regulators and succeed more often than not.Matters are not helped by the changing pattern of power consumption. In 1980-81, commercial and industrial consumers accounted for 66% of total consumption, by the end of the 2000s that was down to 48%. In the meantime, the share of domestic consumers had risen from 11% to 21%. Given the fact that power tariffs are typically much higher for industrial and commercial users, their declining share has obvious adverse implications for SEB finances.Incidentally, while the farm sector's share in power consumption rose from 17.6% in 1980-81 to a peak of 31.4% in 1998-99, it was down to 21% by the end of the 2000s. This suggests that while governments may have made power free or cheap for this sector, the supply is so erratic and undependable that farmers are really not benefitting all that much.Even with the admittedly lower-than-needed levels of capacity addition, the power supply situation could have been significantly better were it not for two major factors. The first of these is what are called transmission and distribution (T&D;) losses, but better known in the sector as theft and dacoity losses. What this means is that a significant chunk of the electricity generated and distributed is stolen. Since somebody has to pay for that power, legitimate consumers end up doing so by way of tariffs calculated using the T&D; losses as a given.The second factor is what is called plant load factor (PLF), effectively the level of capacity utilisation. With a total installed capacity of just over 2 lakh MW, if the PLF can be increased by 10% it would have the same effect as adding 20,000 MW of power. But the inability of SEBs to invest even in adequate maintenance of their plants and equipment means this too remains a pipedream.So, the simplest solution for SEBs remains to try and exceed their share in drawing power from the grid and when everybody is playing that game, blackouts like Sunday night's or Tuesday's are waiting to happen all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302309", "title": "Officials rule out targeting Christian missionary schools", "text": "BHOPAL: The school education department and the district administration have refuted the allegations leveled by the MP Isai Mahasangh (Christian Federation) about targeting Christian missionary schools on fee hike issue.Reacting over the federation allegations, the officials of the department said they have performed their job by carrying out inspections following complaints by parents. There was no pressure on us, nor have we pressured the institutions, they said.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava said that the statement issued by the Mahasangh was 'factually wrong. \"I don't know what compelled the federation to issue a statement like that. Whatever the hue and cry, it is made by parents, not the administration. Normally we do not even intervene unless absolutely necessary. We only facilitate consensus between the two parties.\"Speaking about the Campion School Bairagarh issue he said, \"Taking suo motu cognizance in the matter, we have given the school fair chance. We only ensured that the deadlock between the school and the parents is resolved.District education officer C M Upadhyay termed the inspection of matters related to fee hike as 'the duty of the office.' \"All action that has been taken in the fee hike related matters was based on complaints made by parents, only after they have met the school authorities over the same,\" he said.\"Besides, there never has been any pressure on any of the schools to accept our suggestions. It was kind of the principal of St Theresa to have agreed to the issues raised by the parents. I had only told the principal that the fee hike should have been gradual,\" he said.Additional director R S Sharma, who had conducted the inspection in the three schools; Campion School Bairagarh, St Theresa and St Mary's where the fee hike controversy was raging said, \"It is not like we have only inspected the missionary schools. The reason why complaints of other schools haven't surfaced is because they have not hiked their fees to such a large extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300704", "title": "Govt fails to submit Nagri report to HC", "text": "RANCHI: The state government on Tuesday failed to submit before the Jharkhand high court the status report on Nagri land acquisition dispute.Advocate general AK Sinha said the government was asked by the court to submit the status report on Nagri by July 31but it was not made available. \"I have not submitted any report to the court on Nagri,\" said Sinha. He declined to say further.Sources in the advocate general's office said a division bench of the high court headed by Chief Justice Prakash Tatia had asked the state government to file status report by July 31 and fixed the next date for hearing on August 6.Residents of Nagri have been opposing acquisition of 227 acres of agricultural land for construction ofan educational hub. Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi, Indian Institute of Information Technology and National University for Study and Research in Law.Since the agitation of the villagers was taking ugly turn because of frequent protest, the state government had constituted a committee headed by land reform and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15299414", "title": "Two citizens to sit on indefinite fast", "text": "SURAT: Two citizens from the city will begin their indefinite fast in support of Anna Hazare and his movement -- India Against Corruption (IAC) -- from Wednesday afternoon.A retired stage show organizer of Varachha Dhiru Kathiriya (60) and shopkeeper Bipin Patel (55) will start their indefinite fast in support of Anna Hazare at Sardar Chowk on Varachha Road in the presence of large number of retired citizens.Kathiriya said, \"We have not been given permission by the police as yet, but we will start our agitation in any case. If they want to arrest us they can do so.\"Meanwhile Jaylal, one of the core committee members of IAC movement in Surat said, \"We are receiving huge support from the masses during our public awareness campaign. We will fight till the end and give the required support to Anna's movement going on in Delhi.\"Anna's supporters organized a dharna outside the collector's office from 3 pm to 5 pm on Tuesday and later took out a candle light march in Parle Point area of the city in the evening.They also burnt an effigy of corruption close to Sardar Patel's statue near the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300231", "title": "2 more cases of rape in 24 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Within 24 hours after the incident of alleged rape with a five-year-old girl was reported from Gomtinagar police station, two more cases of rape were lodged at Thakurganj and Nigohan police station on Tuesday.In Thakurganj, a woman residing in Ashrayheen Colony lodged a report that his 12-year-old daughter was allegedly raped by his neighbour Raju, a resident of the same locality. The incident took place when she was all alone at her house, her mother told the police.According to reports, Ruby (name changed) was all alone when Raju called her to his room. According to the police, Ruby used to call Raju as his uncle. It was at his room that Raju raped her and escaped.The police said that the girl was sent for medical examination which prima-facie confirmed that the girl had been raped. A manhunt has been launched to nab the culprit, the police said.It was only on Monday that a five-year-old was allegedly raped and abandoned near Mithaiwala Crossing in Gomtinagar police station area. The girl was residing at a slum near Vishwas Khand locality of the area.In the second incident reported from Nigohan police station area, a 20-year-old woman lodged a complaint with the police that her neighbour Vipin, a resident of Karanpur village had raped her, when all her family members had gone to the field for harvesting of the crop.The police said that the incident took place at around 1pm.The girl had been sent for medical examination and the report in this regard was still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15300291", "title": "Steady drizzle in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: It was drizzling steadily in Wardha with the town recording 31.51mm rainfall on Tuesday.The water level has not significantly improved while the crops situation is good. Though 100% sowing has been done, the cause of worry is low water level in big dams. Mahalakshmi dam has 5.60% water level, Bor Dharan 26.34%, Madan Prakalp 8.35% and Madan Unnayani 11.94%.Samudrapur, Arvi and Karanja talukas have received good rainfall.Additional collector Sanjay Bhagwat said the rain situation is good and the crops are in good condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300497", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha backs Barla for Gorkha Territorial Administration sabha", "text": "KOLKATA: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) chief Bimal Gurung met on Tuesday called on chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. It was in the meeting that Gurung recommended the name of John Barla as one of the nominated members for the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) sabha.It may be recalled that Barla was earlier expelled from the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parshad (ABAVP). But and the GJM leadership believes that Barla still continues to hold considerable influence in the Dooars region. On the contrary, another section feels that though However, a section believes that even as Barla was instrumental in getting support and had power and influence in the Dooars at some point of time, but after his expulsion, he does not hold any such importance. However, the party's suggesting his name as one of the nominated members is undoubtedly significant.Apart from Gurung, Roshan Giri was also present in the team that had called was in the GJM team along with Roshan Giri that called on the CM on Tuesday afternoon. After the meeting, with Mamata,Gurung himself admitted that Barla's name was among the list of suggested members. There will be five nominated members for the GTA sabha, while the remaining 45 will be elected. Elections for the purpose were already held on July 29, but the results are yet to be declared. It is, however, for the government to decide how many among the nominated members would be from the GJM and how many from the state government for which elections have already been held.The chief minister is scheduled to be in Darjeeling for the swearing-in ceremony. Union home minister P Chidambaram will also attend the be in Darjeeling along with Mamata Banerjee for the swearing-in of the chief executive of the GTA sabha. According to officials, Gurung has apparently insisted that his swearing-in take place at 11.19am on August 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300518", "title": "Last date for filing I-T returns now August 31", "text": "PUNE: Income tax payers, who may have missed the July 31 deadline for filing returns, now have time till August 31. The grid collapse and resultant power failure in northern and eastern states compelled the Central Board of Direct Taxes to extend the return filing deadline by a month.The income tax officials claim that the number of people opting for physical submission of returns has shrunk sharply as majority of the tax payers have shifted to electronic filing.Sources in the income tax department said that there are 9.15 lakh tax payers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The public relation office at the Income Tax commissionerate confirmed extension of the deadline. The officials assured that the data already uploaded on various servers and back-up centres was safe because all these servers have power back-ups.One of the reasons for the month-long extension is the tremendous load on the income tax website, which received millions of hits in the last week of July. The government has made it mandatory for individuals with annual income of more than Rs 10 lakh, to file returns electronically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300776", "title": "Power grid failure: States start blame game", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The power grid collapse triggered a blame game among the northern states on Tuesday. While Delhi government pointed fingers at Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh for over-drawing power from the grid, Punjab refuted the charges even as Haryana claimed that it cannot be solely held responsible for the mess. However, Haryana sheepishly admitted that it drew more power than its quota.Figures obtained from the Central government indicated that on Monday and Tuesday when the northern grid collapsed, both Punjab and Haryana were overdrawing power. But Haryana was drawing far more electricity than Punjab was. Director (generation), Punjab State Power Corporation Limited, Arun Verma told TOI, \"It is unfair to blame Punjab since we drew just 60MW more which is just 1% of our share. Haryana in contrast overdrew massively.\"Delhi power minister Harun Yusuf, quoting official figures, said Uttar Pradesh was overdrawing 900MW of power more than the allotted quantity from the grid at 2am on Monday while Haryana and Punjab took extra 580MW and 500MW respectively. However, figures secured from the BBMB at 2.30am on Monday show that Haryana was taking 25.5% extra power from its allotted share. At the same time, UP was drawing 20.8% above its allotted quota while Punjab took 5.5 %.On Tuesday, when the grid collapsed again for the second day consecutively, at 1.10pm Punjab's overdraw was 01.2% of its sanctioned load. In contrast, Haryana's overdraft was 22.4% while UP's was 6.4%.The average figures for the three states in July also revealed that Punjab was the most disciplined of all the user states. During July, Punjab's average overdraft stood at 4%. Compared to this, UP drew 31% more than its quota, Haryana 17% while Rajasthan had an average of 18%.Haryana power minister Captain Ajay Singh said, \"We are not the only state to overdraw. We are not to be blamed for the technical snag that tripped the grid. We are simply being blamed for what everyone does.\"An official release issued by Haryana government said, \"Haryana State Load Dispatch Centre is keeping a close watch on the grid parameters and no violation messages were received from Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre prior to the grid failure on Tuesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299283", "title": "Top Air India executive gets CVC stick for getting son pilot\u2019s job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing with its crackdown on the civil aviation sector, the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has recommended major penalty against M K Beri, a senior Air India official. Major penalty could mean his dismissal from government service, if a final departmental inquiry concurs with CVC's recommendation.Sources said, CVC recommended disciplinary action against Beri for manipulating procedures to get his son a job with Air India. His son, a pilot who was with Air India Express, was suspended after the manipulation emerged in public.Beri was the general manager (operations) when he manipulated the procedures to get his son appointed in the same company.Beri has been an influential Air India executive for years because of several crucial posts he has held. He had been the OSD to the chairman-cum-managing director of Air India for long.The CVC action against Beri comes even as it has recommended major penalty against eight senior officials of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the civil aviation regulator, for various illegal acts. Among those against whom major penalty has been recommended are a joint director general, two directors and four assistant directors. Most of these officials are accused of using their positions of influence to get their children or wives appointed in private airlines that they are supposed to monitor for safety and other attendant issues.There are at least 13 other DGCA officials who are facing various vigilance actions. Their files are either with the CVC or the ministry of civil aviation.Based on CVC's first stage recommendations, the departments concerned will constitute a departmental inquiry and subsequently decide the final quantum of punishment. Major penalty could mean immediate dismissal from government, removal from service or cumulative stoppage of salary increments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299404", "title": "Spell out stand on foreigners staying illegally: HC to state", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court directed Maharashtra government to explain its policy on foreigners staying illegally in the state, saying this pertained to national security.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by Wadala resident Siraj Khan seeking directions to authorities to send him to his home at Manshera in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir.In his petition, Khan said he ran away from his home in POK when he was nine and crossed the Attari border into India. He claims his attempts to return home failed. Khan was booked in 2009 under the Passport Act and the Foreign Citizen Act. He is currently on bail.Khan's advocate Ejaz Naqvi said his client has been booked under sections of the Passport Act which are applicable only to those without a visa.\"If you (Khan) are claiming that you are a Pakistani and entered India without valid documents, then you have committed an offence,\" said Justice Khanwilkar.Naqvi said all documents pertaining to Khan's citizenship were faxed to India.The judges questioned the state government about its policy on unauthorized persons staying in the country. \"What is your policy? File an affidavit on how you deal with such situations,\" said Justice Khanwilkar. \"You registered the FIR in 2009. We are in 2012. The trial is still pending. This is a license to unauthorized entrance of such persons who come and establish their families here.\"The judges added that such offences should be made non-bailable. \"This is a matter of national security and not an individual case,\" said Justice Khanwilkar. The judges directed the advocate general to appear in the matter on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307117", "title": "SAOLS right on schedule", "text": "Suvin Cinemas has acquired high number of hits on You Tube for the trailer it has uploaded. It is mainle the dialogues in the movie which has gone rave.This is Suni's first directorial venture and he is running right on schedule. 'Simple Aagi Ondh Love Story' is a romantic movie based on three seasons of love. The part of the love story which had to be shot in rains is completed already. Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15300274", "title": "Two held for murdering Howrah tailor", "text": "HOWRAH: Two persons have been arrested in connection with the murder of for allegedly in connection with the murdering a 28-year-old tailor Goush Zilani, whose body was found on the banks of Hooghly near Sankrail's Najirganj near Sankrail in Howrah on July 16.Zilani, a resident of Pondra in Sankrail, was hit on his head with a blunt weapon and his throat was also slit. Police on Monday night arrested Sheikh Rahim, the victim's brother-in-law and Sheikh Nasim, Rahim's brother, suspecting their involvement in the murder.Police suspect that Rahim had a rift with Goush, his wife Yasmin's brother, and the murder was a fallout of that.Rahim, an employee of a garment shop in Mumbai and a resident of Pondra, married Yasmin four years ago. Soon after the marriage, Yasmin fell ill as she was suffering from kidney ailment. had suffered a severe developed a kidney problem and fallen ill seriously,However, Rahim had refused to arrange money for treatment and sent her to her parents' home. After this, Rahim's relationship with his in-laws turned sour. following which the relationship between Rahim and his inlaw's members turned into sour.\"Yasmin's brother Goush had threatened Rahim that he would take legal action if the latter did not take care of Yasmin's treatment. But Rahim was reluctant to take his wife to doctor and he had even refused to bring Yasmin back, which prompted Goush to lodge a police complaint under section 498A against Rahim,\" local sources said.After returning from Mumbai on July 15, Rahim asked Goush to meet him to discuss issues related to Yasmin's treatment. reportedly called up Goush from his home saying that he had a discuss with Goush over his sister's treatment.\"Rahim took his brother-in-law to an abandoned place near Najirganj Ghat and killed him with the help of his brother Nasim,\" said an investigating officer.During the probe, police came to know about the rift between Rahim and Goush. After interrogating Rahim, police also arrested his brother Nasim on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15299431", "title": "1st ocean research vessel launched", "text": "SURAT: \"India has joined the elite club of the developed nations following the research and development (R&D;) in the field of oceanography to unravel mysteries of seas and discover hidden resources in the ocean,\" said SK Brahmachari, director general of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) said here on Tuesday.Brahmachari was in the city to attend the launching ceremony of the first indigenous vessel 'RV Sindhu Sadhana' designed for the CSIR by the ABG Shipyard Limited at Magdalla. \"The vessel is 80 metres long with a gross displacement of 4,170 tonne and maximum draft of 5 metre. The vessel has a top speed in excess of 14 knots and that it will have accommodation for 57 persons including 21 scientists,\" Subas Gantayat, vice-president (HR and administration) ABG Shipyard. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306690", "title": "2 schools clear 93 of 231 failed students to class X", "text": "Two south Mumbai schools, in the eye of a storm for holding back an overwhelming number of students in class IX, have finally promoted some more students after re-assessing their results. The review followed an education department inquiry.At Sacred Heart High School in Worli, of the 81 students initially held back, 26 were promoted to the next class as education department officials reviewed their results. \"There was no problem with the assessment. Most students failed because of a new policy which made it mandatory to score 25% marks in Maths and Science theory papers alone. After the results, the education department postponed this policy to the next academic year,\" said the principal.At Antonio Desouza High School, Mazgaon, of 150 students detained, 67 were promoted on the education department's intervention. \"We wrote to the department to ensure action is taken. Yet most students were held back,\" said Heena Kanojia, member, National Students' Union of India. School principal Denzil Fernandes was unavailable for comment.Several schools claimed the abnormally large number of failures was a fallout of students' reluctance to study thanks to the prevalent interpretation of the 'no-fail' policy of Right to Education Act, but some felt that the new assessment policy queered the pitch further.Rekha Shahani, principal of Kamla High School, Khar, agreed students were taking studies lightly because of the 'no-fail' policy. \"Even when we hold remedial classes, it takes a lot of effort to get students to understand the issue at hand. Parents too expect schools to simply promote their children.\" The problem worsened with the new assessment policy, she said.At Sacred Heart High School, the principal said students were finding it difficult to cope with the upgraded version of maths. \"We met parents whose kids were not doing well and gave them the option of general maths, but they refused. After the final results, parents thronged our school asking for grace marks.\"However, many parents and educationists alleged the schools skewed their class IX results to ensure only the best of the students are promoted to Class X, to ensure cent percent results in board examinations.\"My son was given only 3 marks in the class IX science paper. If he was so weak in studies, why didn't the school inform us after the first semester exams itself? Why did they wait till the final examinations were over?\" said Shagufta G, whose son was not promoted to class X in Antonio Desouza School even after re-assessment.The marks messTHE ISSUE In the first week of May, parents and students from Antonio Desouza High School, Byculla and Sacred Heart High School, Worli, claimed the schools deliberately failed almost 35-50% of their class IX students in Maths and Science. While one school failed 150 of its batch of 300-odd students, the other failed 81 out of 230 students in class IX. The schools claimed it was a fallout of the 'no-fail' policy of the RTE Act, but parents said schools were trying to ensure cent percent results in the Class X board examinations. A week later, a south Mumbai college was under the scanner for failing almost 50% of its Class XI batch REPRIEVE FOR SOME Of the 150 students who failed in Antonio Desouza High School, 67 have been promoted to the next xlass; 26 of the 81 students who failed in Sacred Heart have been promoted to class X GOVT ACTION A new assessment policy had made it mandatory for students to score minimum 25% in Maths and Science theory papers alone to be promoted to the next class. After a series of complaints that students were unaware of the new policy, education minster Rajendra Darda announced it will be applied from the next academic yearRESULT REVIEWS The education department sent out a circular to all schools asking them to rework class IX results according to the old norms. It also set up an inquiry committee to re-evaluate answer sheets and results of the affected students from the two schoolsThe education department has called for a stay on the new assessment policy, which will be applicable only from the next academic yearM K Tithe | DY EDUCATION INSPECTOR, SOUTH ZONEAfter results of the two schools were made public, all schools got a notice from the education department to revise results under the old policy, which allowed students to pass if they scored total 35% in theory and internal assessment in each subjectNajma Kazi | PRINCIPAL, ANJUMAN-I-ISLAM SAIF TYABJIGIRLS HIGH SCHOOLMy son passed in all other subjects, except Maths. He was failed for 12 marks but after the revised results, he managed to pass. We got a call from the school a few days after the academic session commenced and he was allowed to sit in Class XAvinash Sakpal | PARENT,ANTONIO DESOUZA HIGH SCHOOL WRONG INTERPRETATION OF RTEWHAT THE 'NO-FAIL' POLICY MEANT It means teachers have to ensure every student comprehends all that is being taught in class, hold remedial classes for those who can't follow and ensure the student is promoted only after clearly understanding the curriculum in the previous grade. Schools can hold exams, but not board exams before class VIII HOW IT WAS INTERPRETED Some schools thought the 'no-exam' policy meant students were not supposed to be judged on the basis of exams and the 'no-fail' policy was taken as it is. Schools were under the impression that students had to be promoted till class VIII irrespective of their results and no one could be held back", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15301044", "title": "Murderer gets life term", "text": "A trial court has sentenced a man to rigorous imprisonment for life for killing a money lender to avoid paying him back a loan of Rs 15,000 .Additional sessions judge Sanjay Garg held Delhi resident Rajeev Kumar guilty of Arun Kumar's murder on the basis of the circumstantial evidence that Arun was last seen with him on the day of murder. The body was recovered from Maharana Pratap Park, east Delhi, on September 9, 2010. According to the prosecution, Arun was a professional money lender and had given a loan to Rajeev. Rajeev (27) killed him to avoid paying back the loan. Rajeev had claimed he had no connection with the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15302588", "title": "Pay property tax by Nov 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two months after re-imposing property tax in Haryana, the state government has given 90 days to property owners to sort out the issues of tax remission and self assessment. From November 1, civic bodies will begin serving demand notices. On June 1, the Haryana government had announced revival of property tax after rationalizing the formulas calculating it.Haryana has around 20 lakh property tax payers, 2.5 lakh and 2.45 lakh from national capital region (NCR) of Gurgaon and Faridabad and 68,000 and 60,000 from the state capital region (SCR) of Panchkula and Ambala.While the payers can assess tax under the self-declaration facility, officials in civic bodies have been asked to complete surveys under the new formula of property tax devised by government a month ago.Financial commissioner, urban local bodies (ULB) department, Ram Niwas, said, \"For the current cycle, we have already displayed the formulas on our website as well as the collector rates\".From November 1, the civic bodies will start serving demand notices on the basis of surveys carried out by them area, he added. In October 2008, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had scrapped the tax in urban areas to win over voters with an eye on elections, but the Centre stopped giving matching grants of over Rs 700 crore under the JNNURM.Faridabad municipal commissioner D Suresh said the MCF has already started collecting property tax. Panchkula MC secretary O P Sihag said the residents were seeking help in calculation of property tax. \"We are in the process of finalizing the agency that will carry out the survey for us. We are also trying to help those opting for self-declaration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "15303593", "title": "Verma has his fortune in \u2018786\u2019", "text": "SOUTH CITY: The fortune associated with '786', famously sported by Big B in 'Deewar' (as Vijay Verma) on his badge, works big time for yarn trader Sameer Verma, who resides in South City.He says '786' is the be all and end all among all choices he has ever had in any matter. Verma's home number\u2014 786, registration numbers of four cars\u2014 786 and even the last digits of his mobile number are 786.\"Black among colours and 786 among numbers work for me. It was nine years ago when I bought a Scorpio and got its registration number as '0786'. The next year I bought a Honda City and got the same number. I sold off both these vehicles, but my tryst with 786 didn't end there,\" he says.When Verma got his new house constructed five years ago, the number he went for was '786', which he got included in his address on ration card, arms and driving license and bank account numbers.The number of fortune worked for the yarn trader quite well, as he soon added a Swift DZire and a Toyota Altis to his fleet of cars, both with the obvious registration number- '0786'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299872", "title": "Hoax bomb call triggers panic in school", "text": "BANGALORE: Devaki Kumari, principal of the Chinamya Vidyalaya in 4th Block, Koramangala, was in school on Tuesday morning as usual when she received a call around 8 am. The male voice told her there was a bomb in the school. Students were evacuated and frantic calls were made to police.Students were sent home and bomb squad and sniffer dogs joined policemen in scouring the school for explosives as tense teachers and officials waited outside. Around 11am, police called off their search as they couldn't find anything amiss.Police stayed on in the school just in case another call came. Around noon, the school was declared sanitized as police gave an all-clear signal. Then police started tracing the call.H Subbanna, the ACP who oversaw the search, said: \"Usually such prank calls are made from public booths, and we'll do everything to find the culprit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302160", "title": "Lucky few to be directly trained by management guru Stephen R Covey", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two weeks ago, when Kochat Gangadharan, a management consultant of a city based firm was travelling, he heard about the death of Stephen R Covey, the world renowned author and management guru. Gangadharean, who counts himself among the lucky few who were directly trained by Covey himself, says that his principles had changed the lives of many organisations and persons. Thanks to him, Kochat began the Franklin Covey training centre in India.\"Covey had a magnetic personality,\" he remembers. Gangadharan who was working in a senior position in a Japan-based firm first met the management guru accidentally at Singapore on his way to attend an international conference. \"Covey had such an attractive personality, I stayed back in Singapore for one more day to attend his lecture. From then on, my life has never been the same,\" he says.Covey was by then famous for his book, 'Seven Habits of Highly Effective People'. Later, he attended some of his classes and Covey invited him to attend one of his training programmes, after which he was asked to start the Indian center.Gangadharan started a firm in India which was run jointly with Franklin Covey. His major principles include being proactive, beginning with the end in mind, synergising, putting things first, thinking win-win, understanding and trying to be understood. \"They may appear to be simplistic, but they have changed the lives of several people,\" Gangadharan says. Several firms like General Motors made it mandatory for its employees to participate in the training programmes to be promoted, he adds.Covey had reportedly tried to mediate in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but had not succeeded. Without directly mentioning this, Gangadharan says that Covey himself used to accept his failures. \"He used to say that this may not be the answer to all problems. But they have definitely changed many lives,\" he remembers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15303589", "title": "An achievement of a lifetime for Mann", "text": "LUDHIANA: City-based Hindi writer Gyan Singh Mann, who retired as principal of Government College, was felicitated with the Bharti Shiromani Award by Rashtriya Raj Bhasha Peeth, Allahabad, for his contribution to literature.The 74-year-old, who lives in HIG flats, Ghumar Mandi, has more than 70 books to his credit. \"It's a great honour and I am very thankful to the litterateurs who chose me for the award. Everyone needs some encouragement, and being sensitive and emotional, literary people appreciate it even more and feel encouraged to do better work.\"Having received a number of awards, Mann has also created a name for himself in the field of astrology, though literature has always been his forte. \"He has lived his life in an exemplary manner and earned a lot of name and fame because of his knowledge, hard work and humility. His students have loved him and his friends are very fond of him. The honour for him is I think an honour for the city,\" said his wife Veena Gyan Singh, a lecturer at SD College for Women.The litterateur's son, Anubhav, was delighted to know that his father had been chosen for the lifetime achievement award. \"He has written so many books and contributed significantly to Hindi literature. It is his devotion that has won him so many awards. Good work never goes unnoticed and one must keep working with honesty and commitment,\" the 28-year-old said.The joyous family would celebrate the occasion by hosting a dinner for family and friends on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299904", "title": "160 sorties failed but Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to go for cloud seeding again", "text": "MUMBAI: Having failed to make artificial rains despite 160 attempts in 2009, the civic body will resort to the same technique this year to make for the shortfall. On Thursday, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will hold a video conference with officials from India Meteorological Department (IMD), Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) and Israeli firm Mekorot to decide on cloud seeding methods in catchment areas of lakes supplying water to the city. Mekorot will assist BMC with technological infrastructure like radar and aircraft.Though civic officials admitted that last time they were unsuccessful, they said this year they are trying to correct the past mistakes. \"This time we are doing it under expert guidance, as we had not sought help from agencies like IMD and IITM earlier. After discussing it with IITM they have come to a conclusion that cloud seeding is now a well established science. It's a proven thing that cloud seeding makes inefficient clouds efficient,\" additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said.IITM has told BMC that Israel has extensively developed its technology on cloud seeding and has been using it for over 50 years. \"Fortunately, we had a MoU with Israel's water and energy department in June, last year. Since the past 15 days, we have been in touch with Israel's national water company Mekorot to undertake this experiment,\" he said.In 2009, attempts were made over Tansa and Modak Sagar lakes with the help of Hyderabad-based Agni Aviation and the civic body spent Rs 8 crore on the project. Civic officials from the hydraulic department claimed that the experiment failed as BMC was unable to calculate the difference in amount of rainfall in catchment areas after cloud seeding was carried out.Jalota said that the last experiment in 2009 at Tansa and Modak Sagar was done with the help of an aircraft and also by burning silver iodide crystals.This time around, the experiment will involve sprinkling of silver iodide on clouds over Tansa, Bhatsa, Upper Vaitarna and Modak Sagar lakes to induce precipitation and subsequently artificial rains. \"The technicians will be sitting inside the aircraft to monitor every step. The cloud seeding will be done at the base of the cloud when the cloud is having an updraft and has a reflectivity between 30dbz and 35dbz. This is the time the cloud is best suited for cloud seeding. It takes half-an-hour for the clouds to be efficient and it rains. The average speed of the cloud will be 15 metres per second,\" Jalota said.He said the civic body is in touch with Mekorot's Mumbai base in Bandra Kurla Complex. \"The modalities will be worked out on Thursday, whether or not to use IMD's radar. We will also decide on whether Mekorot will provide us with just the aircraft or even manpower to operate the aircraft,\" said Jalota.If all goes well, Mumbaikars will also get an additional 455 million litres per day, as gates of Middle Vaitarna dam will be opened and water from the dam will be released by September. Times ViewDon't make water supply out to be rocket scienceThe BMC should stop looking at outlandish ideas for maintaining supply to taps. Statistics indicate that Mumbai would not have to go through water cuts had the BMC simply turned its attention to plugging the leaks in the distribution chain and the widespread pilferage. The BMC has managed to keep the level of water cut down to 10 per cent this year but some long-term planning and attention to basic details could have done away with even this bit of pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300280", "title": "Genesis of crisis traced near Agra", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the Centre has initiated an inquiry to find out the cause of failure of the northern and eastern grids, there were indications from the Power Grid Corporation of India that the genesis of the problem could again be in the Agra region.Principal secretary (energy), AK Gupta, who also took over as the UPPCL chairman on Tuesday, maintained that it was only after a proper inquiry that one could ascertain the reason for the grid failure. However, he categorically denied that UP was behind the crisis.Nevertheless, it was amply clear from the records that UP was withdrawing much more than the maximum permissible limit from the central pool. While Gupta maintained that the state was withdrawing only 40 mw extra, the Power System Operation Corporation data showed that UP overdrew extra power in the range of 1,500 mw at the time of grid collapse at around 1.05 on Tuesday. Partial restoration of power supply started after five hours and PCL managing director AP Mishra said that full restoration was possible only by Wednesday morning.Railways was the worst hit by the crisis as all trains on electrified routes in the state came to a standstill. In all, over 100 trains were affected even as diesel engines were used to run a few important trains like Shatabdi Express and Gomti Express from Lucknow. Most of the trains were delayed by more than 10-12 hours.Health services were also badly hit. Though many hospitals had back up arrangements, in view of the crisis, only emergency surgical operations were done. Besides, due to the prolonged crisis, hospital information system is hospitals like SGPGI stopped working, forcing the staff to do manual registration and discharge.The power crisis attained serious dimensions following shortage of diesel across the state. With generators working overtime, there were beeline at pumps for diesel. While on a normal day, the city's petrol stations sell nearly 2,000 litres of diesel, the figures on Tuesday crossed 14,000 mark. According to reports, diesel tanks went dry around 2.30 p.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302271", "title": "BJP corporators boycott council meet", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP corporators staged a walk out from the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) council meeting on Tuesday in protest against the \"misconduct \"by the Congress corporators on July 30.The Mayor Krishna Gaur along with BJP corporators reiterated their demand for termination of membership of the Congress coporators Abdul Shafi Khan and Sudhir Gupta for using un-parliamentary language during the council meeting.\"July 30 will be marked as a black day in the history of BMC council. The behaviour of the two Congress corporators in the presence of the women corporators was highly objectionable. We are boycotting this session and will not return unless the two are terminated,\" said Mayor Krishna Gaur.The BJP corporators then staged a demonstration in the Acharya Narendra library campus where the council meet was held.The BJP corporators had submitted a memorandum demanding the termination of membership of the two corporators to Principal Secretary UAD SPS Parihar, Bhopal divisional commissioner Praveen Garg, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava and chairman of the BMC council Kailash Mishra on July 30.Mayor also alleged that chairman of the council, Kailash Mishra was biased against the BJP corporators and failed to use his special power as per mentioned in the Article 36 of the Madhya Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act, 1956.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15300028", "title": "Goa wins JRD Tata Memorial Award 2011", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has been selected for the 5th JRD Tata Memorial Award, 2011, for population, reproductive health and family planning programme.Goa emerged as the winner among non-high focus states. The North and South districts of Goa have scored more than 91.6 in the composite index. Goa is followed by Punjab, with 71% of its districts having a score of more than 91.6 points. Among the high focus states, Mizoram has topped with 87.50 points.Urban development minister Francis D'Souza received the award on behalf of the state from Nobel laureate Amartya Sen at the JRD Tata Memorial Award and Oration Function at Delhi on Tuesday.Selection of states was based on analysis done for the selection of district-level awards. Districts were selected on the basis of 13 indicators, for which data were compiled and re-analysed from two successive rounds of district-level household survey (2002-04 and 2007-08) and census 2001 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300154", "title": "State promises OBC students what it cannot give", "text": "NAGPUR: Cash-starved Maharashtra is finding it tough to pay scholarship money to over 6 lakh students from the other backward classes (OBC) category. The state is in a bind after it generously raised the income limit for eligibility under the scheme to Rs4.5 lakh per annum, but cannot pay the huge number of students applying for the scholarship now. The Union government, which also contributes to the scheme, has fixed a more reasonable Rs1 lakh income as cap, and refuses to give any more money.The state incurs an expenditure of around Rs627 crore per year towards OBC scholarships, which were introduced only a couple of years ago as a populist measure. Earlier, only students from SC, ST and nomadic tribes were offered such educational dole. Soon, the state realized that the chunk of OBC claimants was much larger, with some 400 castes covered under this category in the state. Under the scheme, the government pays 50% and the student pays the rest to meet educational expenses.Admitting that failure to make adequate budgetary provision had led to inordinate delay in payment of scholarships, state social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI that the amount normally paid through educational institutions could not be paid last year. Along with unpaid dues of last year, the department would need Rs1,200 crore to clear dues till the current year. A provision of Rs850 crore has been made in the current year towards all scholarship payments, but only Rs400 crore are to be released now.\"Things would have been manageable had we received our claim from the Centre. The state has till date received only Rs192 crore, and the Union government has to pay Rs1,267 crore under this head,\" said Moghe. However, he also admitted that the Centre has rejected the state's claim since it had no provision to pay scholarship to such a large number of cases that the state has entertained. His efforts to get the Centre's contribution hiked have failed to yield results.\"We have a fixed budget for scholarship payments so that we can cater to students across India. After the budget is passed every year, we convey to each state how much it can avail. The states are expected to take note of that and make their own provisions accordingly,\" said Union social justice minister Mukul Wasnik, denying that the Centre owes anything more to Maharashtra than what it has already paid.Moghe admitted that the issue was very sensitive and any move to cut the number of beneficiaries by scaling down the income limit to Rs1 lakh was bound to raise a hue and cry, as the OBCs were a big electoral group that needs to be nursed with care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308693", "title": "Quirky gift ideas for Rakhi", "text": "Here are some popular gift ideas for the auspicious day of RakhiWrapped with loveTraditional presents include jewellery and trinkets for girls whereas a shirt or a watch is a good choice for men. But if you want to add a dash of spice to the festival and make it more fun and unpredictable, here are some gift options to choose from.Traditional vs. trendyGone are the days when you could get away with a big bar of chocolate or even a box of sweets on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan. As much as the festival is about the bond between brothers and sisters , over the years the choices of gifts have changed, from traditional items to unique and even personalized ones.Not a moment goes by when a sister is not wondering about what her bhaiya will give her as a gift. Its about two people celebrating their love, respecting each other while a brother vows to protect her through thick and thin while she prays for his safety and well being throughout.Quirky, fun, stylish!If you don't want to do the run- of-themill presents this Raksha Bandhan and spring a surprise on your sibling , then choose a wild, fun and completely out there gift that goes well with who they are. Go quirky and visit stores around town and pick something that is more individual and distinct.What men wantGift choices for your brother can range from clothes, flipflops, sports accessories or even gadgets. A new mobile phone, a DVD of his favorite classic movie pick, a rare box set of his favorite author, a palm sized USB refrigerator to cool his beer or even a tshirt packed neatly in a pop-up wine bottle or a mini T, are some fresh ideas. As far as picking up the most fun present goes, your imagination is the limit.Sisters are specialGirls love chocolates. They also appreciated good clothes, accessories, shoes, bags and more.They never have enough of this and chances are they are always feeling that they are running out of a color of either a shirt or shoe or bag in their closet. Women are also game for pretty clothes on any occasion and Raksha Bandhan is no different. If you are unsure about her choices and sizes, head to a place where exchange policies are flexible and sizes can be changed too. A voucher is also advisable.Girls believe in keepsakes, whether it is a picture book of memories of the two of you created into a scrapbook or even a poem penned down especially for her. Make whatever you decide to do sentimental and thoughtful and your sister will appreciate your thoughtfulness for years to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303341", "title": "Cool weather a silver lining on dark Tuesday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The northern grid collapsed yet again but the overcast sky proved to be a silver lining for residents who had to make do without fans and airconditioners on Tuesday afternoon. The pleasant weather after the rain and drizzle in the morning resulted in dip in temperature, making the summer power breakdown bearable.The maximum temperature in the city, which hovered around over 30-35 degrees Celsius in the last ten days, was recorded at 29.2 degrees celsius on Tuesday, while 3 mm rainfall was recorded till 5.30pm. If the meteorological department is to be believed the same conditions would continue on Thursday, while the weekend would see an increase in rainfall.\"With their being no power, the dark cloud cover overhead was a big relief. If it had not rained the humid weather would have made it difficult to put up with the power failure,\" said Kanwaldeep Singh, a resident of Sector 22. \"I opened all the windows and doors of my house to let light and fresh air come in. Things would have been bad if the weather was not favourable,\" said Garima Sharma, a resident of Sector 31.\"The monsoon has been weak so far but it is expected to pick up steam and the intensity of rainfall is going to increase in August. We are hoping for pleasant days ahead,\" said Chandigarh met director Surender Paul.For residents, the power outage presented the perfect opportunity to be out to enjoy the weather, which is why they were not caused much discomfiture.\"Unlike Sunday night not much inconvenience was caused to the residents due to the power outage on Tuesday. And it was all thanks to the weather gods, who bought on the showers, when they were needed the most,\" smiled Saurabh Kapoor, a resident of Sector 11.School and college students too enjoyed the weather to the fullest. Many college-goers bunked classes to enjoy the weather. \"One could not concentrate much in classrooms, as there was no light. And the weather was so good, that it seemed best to be outside rather than remaining cooped in the classroom,\" said Payal Ahuja, a B.com student of a city college living in Sector 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299911", "title": "New DGP says his plans will be citizen-friendly", "text": "MUMBAI: Low-profile Sanjeev Dayal, an IPS officer of the 1977 batch who took over as head of the state police on Tuesday, plans citizen-friendly initiatives. He replaced K Subrahmanyam, who retired after 36 years in the IPS. Dayal, who was director-general of police (DGP, anti-corruption) has been replaced by Raj Khilnani, DGP (civil defence).Citizen-friendly initiatives must be taken up to bring people closer to law-enforcing agencies, he said. He told mediapersons after taking over as DGP that the police would have to build up more confidence and improve services to citizens.Stating that ensuring protection to the common man was his top priority, Dayal said tackling stepped up naxal violence and terrorist activities were the main challenges before law-enforcing agencies. He said they would have to redraft strategy while tackling naxalism and terrorism. Dayal said he would consult with the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief and central agencies on the two challenges.An officer, who has observed Dayal closely, said he has never compromised on security. During the then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's official visit to Pakistan , Dayal was in the special protection group (SGP) and the visiting PM's security-in-charge. Dayal did not allow the PM to visit a place in Lahore as security there was inadequate. During US president Barack Obama's visit in 2010, Dayal was police commissioner and refused to allow US Secret Service agents to dictate terms to the Mumbai Police.A former DGP of the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Dayal said he had seen the report submitted by the bureau on charges against former Mumbai Congress president Kripa Shankar Singh and that there was no lacuna in the findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15300088", "title": "Woman stabbed 20 times while people look on", "text": "MUMBAI: A gym instructor stabbed a woman 20 times on Monday evening in the middle of a road in Andheri (East), notwithstanding the presence of scores of bystanders. The woman, a 24-year-old accountant, had refused to marry him, the police said.Pradeep Patel (30) used a sharp weapon to repeatedly attack Deepti (name changed) in the back, hands, chest and abdomen, but onlookers stood frozen on the spot at the sight of the horror playing in front of them. \"No one came forward to rescue her. Patel warned witnesses to keep away from him, threatening to kill them all. Some people ran to the nearest buildings when Patel started his orgy of attack. Many went inside their homes,\" said senior inspector S L Hujband of the MIDC police.The incident occurred between 5 and 5.15pm close to a school in Malpha Dongri, where Deepti is employed.Around 4.30pm, Deepti signed off and went over to her aunt's house, which is near the school. \"Around 5pm, she left our house to go to Mahim, where she lives,\" said a cousin in the police complaint. \"Patel attacked her when she had hardly walked 100 metres away from our home. He must have been waiting there on the roadside. He accosted her and asked if she would marry him. When she refused, he became furious. Then he forced her to step aside and started stabbing her.\"Had her cousins not rushed to the spot, Deepti could have bled to death, the police said. She was taken to Cooper Hospital and from there to Nair Hospital, where she was operated upon. \"Her condition is stable. She has been kept under observation. The abdominal injury was severe and any delay in admitting her to hospital could have cost her life,\" said Hujband.Patel fled the spot for a relative's home in Borivli. After a nine-hour search, the police traced him there. He has been arrested and booked for attempt to murder and wrongful confinement.Inspector Shobha Pise said Patel used to be a gym instructor but had taken to drugs and was unemployed. \"He used to harass Deepti in the middle of the road every now and then. While stabbing her, he was raving and ranting like a mad man.\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302156", "title": "Cops prepare to divert traffic at Dwarka", "text": "NASHIK: As a precursor to halting the flow of traffic towards Dwarka junction, one of the busiest intersections in the city, for facilitating the construction of the subway and the flyover, the city police are preparing to divert traffic from the Kathe Galli signal and Ambedkar Nagar.Traffic police have displayed boards at Kathe Galli signal and Samraat office, opposite Dr Ambedkar Nagar on the Nashik-Pune Road, across Ambedkar Nagar and are now asking motorists to take a left to reach the Mumbai-Agra national highway via Bhabha Nagar and Mumbai Naka.Traffic officials said that the work for the subway and the flyover is being carried out at Dwarka junction due to which they had to get the divider on Dwarka on the Pune Highway removed. Given that the area sees a large numbers of vehicles plying on this route, traffic has begun to move at a snail's place.In light of the anticipated snarls at the junction, boards have been put at Kathe Galli and Samraat office over the detour. appealing motorists to take left for Mumbai, Mumbai Naka and the city.Traffic cops said that putting up the boards has helped ease the situation, albeit slightly. ever since the boards have been put, traffic has eased down a bit at Dwarka.Dwarka being an intersection on the Mumbai Agra Highway and Nashik- Pune Highway, and given that a high volume of inner-city traffic is also seen here,a substantial volume of city traffic also flowing through the same junction the National Highways Authority of India is constructing a subway at Dwarka for the convenience of local pedestrians and motorists.Once complete, the subway will connect five different points of the junction. While one wing of the subway will lead to the service road along Dwarka Hotel, the other wing will open out toward the Hanuman Temple.The other three openings will lead to the current Dwarka Police Chowky, toward Godavari Hotel and the service road opposite Dwarka Hotel.At present, the work of the wing of the subway leading in front of the Hanuman Temple is underway, following which traffic moving from Nashik Road towards Mumbai and Nashik City has been largely affected with snarls now being a regular feature in the area.Officials said that given the level of work involved in the road construction project, only 30% of the space at Dwarka is being used for traffic movement.Boards have therefore been put up at Kathe Galli and near Samraat Office appealing motorists to take a detour for the highway to Mumbai and to the Nashik city.Meanwhile, NHAI had written to the city police, requesting them to divert the traffic at Dwarka for the execution of work on the the subway at Dwarka junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300047", "title": "NMC's Green Festival kicks off today", "text": "NAGPUR: With a motive to make Nagpur greenest city of the country, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) will kick off a drive to plant 1.07 lakh saplings and plants on August 1 and celebrate the day as Green Festival. Besides, NMC has also assured to clear choking of 6,000 big trees in next two months.Mayor Anil Sole said that at least 50,000 saplings will be planted on August 1 itself and remaining in a phased manner by end of September. \"NMC has prepared 60,000 saplings at its nurseries in Ambazari and Dhantoli gardens. Eighteen government departments are supplying 33,395 saplings followed by 3,282 from nine educational institutions, 2,620 from NGOs, and 1,888 by other organizations to make a total of 1.07 lakh,\" he said.Requesting the citizens to participate in the festival, Sole said the drive will be inaugurated by planting 12,000 saplings in the ground of Airport Authority of India on Hingna road. \"NMC requests all students, youths, government officials, social activists, political leaders and others to attend the programme. Students from various schools will take out rally and reach the venue. Besides, each citizen should also plant at least one sapling to mark the festival. Later, the plantation programme will be held at 17 places,\" he said.Stressing the need for survival of the saplings, Sole said the social organizations and NGOs will be requested to ensure survival of the plants. \"Efforts are on to protect the saplings for at least one year. Tree guards will be erected to protect the saplings planted on roadsides,\" he said.Asked about safety of existing big trees, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the plan is to clear tiles and tarring around the trunks of 6,000 big trees by September end. \"Already two noted citizens have assured to free 200 trees. The NGOs and institutions interested in the drive may come forward,\" he said.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane said the number of saplings to be planted may go up to 1.90 lakh. \"Vanrai has assured to provide an additional 30,000 saplings. Similarly Maitri Parivar will provide 2,000 saplings. Plantation of 28,000 plants will be done by appointing a contractor. Zone offices and corporators too have purchased saplings,\" he said.Asked if strict norms for giving permission to chop down big trees would be implemented, garden superintendent NB Shrikhande said permissions were given to only government departments to cut down large number of trees for infrastructure development. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav too revealed their plans to increase greenery in the city. Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle organized a programme to start plantation of 3,000 saplings in his ward.The NMC has decided to continue plantation drive in all parts of the city for two months from now under the theme-Green City Dream City- and urged all citizens and organizations to hold programmes with same theme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15304297", "title": "Two suspected rebels killed in Imphal encounter", "text": "IMPHAL: Two suspected militants were killed in an encounter with Manipur police commandos at Lamdeng Khunou Chingmei village in Imphal West late on Monday. Based on specific information about the presence of rebels extorting money from the upcoming panchayat poll candidates, the commandos from Imphal West district police rushed to the spot around 9 pm and carried out the operation, the police said.The cops saw some unknown men moving towards them and when they were asked to stop, they opened fire at the security personnel, after which the police retaliated. The police found a 9mm pistol with two bullets, two Chinese hand grenades and mobile phones on the two slain cadres whose identities are yet to be ascertained. The bodies have been sent to the centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) for autopsy. The incident comes a couple of days after security officers killed a rebel in the same district.In another incident, one Huidrom Raghu Genthalong of Waikhong Khunjao village in Thoubal district allegedly stabbed Thomas Monsang (35) of Monsang Pantha village in Chandel district to death with a pair of scissors on Monday. Raghu has been arrested, while the body has been sent to the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (Jnims). Denouncing the incident, the Chandel Naga Peoples' Organization (CNPO) on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh demanding immediate compensation to the bereaved family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300149", "title": "From deficient to surplus rain in two days", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the state witnessing the worst drought since 1972, the last day of July proved to be bountiful with heavy downpour lashing the city and region throughout the last two days. Vidarbha is now the only division in Maharashtra with no deficiency in rainfall. While rainfall in Konkan can still be termed as normal at a deficiency of 15%, the other two divisions still falls short by 32%.Till July 29, the deficiency in Nagpur was 21% but by Tuesday evening, the city had received a surplus rainfall of 23% for the season. For the month, the city's rainfall this year amounts to an excess of 38% over. Last year, the seasonal deficiency at the end of July was 58% and that for the month 12%. By 8.30pm on Tuesday, the city had received 61.1mm rainfall in the last 24 hours.The country as a whole is still 19% rain deficient for the season, with 44% areas having covered the season deficit. Most parts of the country, though, can be said to have received a normal rainfall up to now, 19% more or less than the expected rainfall of the region. Sixteen of the 36 divisions of the country have normal rainfall till the end of July.Between Monday and Tuesday evenings, Nagpur had received 22mm of rainfall, while Vidarbha received 18.1mm rainfall, making it an excess of 91% in the period. Gondia seemed to be a contradiction to the drought, brimming to a flood-like situation with 85mm rainfall between the two evenings. In the same duration, Central Maharashtra received a whopping 158% excess rainfall at 20.9mm. India, in this period, had an excess of 26%.\"With the kind of system that is visible currently, it is expected that there would be heavy rainfall and thundershower will occur over Central India. For another one week, there is a possibility of heavy showers all over Vidarbha,\" said an official from the regional met department.Continuous rains over the last week have also affected the temperatures of the city. The maximum temperatures over the last week in the city have remained 5 degrees lower than normal on an average. The minimum temperatures, too, have been a couple of degrees lower than normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299818", "title": "Bangalore will be cleaned twice, daily", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some good news for those alarmed over a possible dengue outbreak due to piling garbage mounds in the city.The BBMP on Tuesday resolved to sweep the city clean twice every day. The additional cleaning will be taken up in the evenings.Dengue dominated discussions at the BBMP council and a resolution was adopted according to which additional machines, trucks and garbage carrying containers will be procured for the scaled-up cleaning operations.Corporators expressed concern over garbage litters all over the city. BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda, however, said that it was impossible to make the city garbage free. \"No city is garbage free. Garbage cannot be wished away. We only have to find out ways to deal with it,\" he said.\"Dengue is not new. There have been only seven deaths in Karnataka so far due to dengue. It's a seasonal disease and occurs every year. I admit that the BBMP has delayed conducting awareness programmes, but we have now started the door-to-door inspection drive People must not store fresh water in open containers,\" said the commissioner.From now on, every positive dengue patient will be provided financial support for platelet donation treatment, he added.The session witnessed several dramatic moments. KL Thimmananjaiah, corporator from Peenya Industrial Area, clad in black displayed a banner against BBMP's failure in tackling dengue.D J Halli corporator R Sampath Raj alleged that dengue originated in Thimmananjaiah's ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300592", "title": "New post in Madhyamik board", "text": "KOLKATA: A reform was initiated in the West Bengal Board for Secondary Education on Tuesday when the existing board ended its term and a new administrative post was introduced. A notification will be issued by the school education department on Wednesday.Kalyanmoy Ganguly of New Alipore College has been appointed as the new administrator. He will be assisted by a secretary. Shanti Prasad Sinha has been selected for the said post.The administrative post has been created for a term of two years. A review committee will be constituted by the education department which will decide on the formation of a new Madhyamik board. The new board needs to be which will be modern and scientific. If the board is formed before the end of the two-year term, it will cease to exist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299741", "title": "To keep check on water tankers, civic body may stick to 10% cut", "text": "MUMBAI: The megacities' lake levels are be at a three-year low but the BMC may continue with only 10% water cut unlike in 2009, when it was hiked to over 20%. The decision not to increase the cut is aimed at breaking the monopoly of some water tanker agencies in the city, as with the rise in rates, profits made by the tanker agencies also go up.For now, the BMC's plan seems to be working. \"This year we have not been supplying much water. There are a few sporadic calls but nothing like the demand in 2009. That year we had to hire extra water tankers to meet the demand,\" a member of the city's water tanker association said.On Wednesday, the civic body's top officials will take stock of the situation and plan ahead for the rest of the year. \"Mumbaikars need not panic, they must use water judicially. The corporation is keeping a close tab on situation and will take necessary measure so that the city's water stock will last till July 15, 2013,\" additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota told TOI.Though BMC claims that 10% water cut only affects water pressure, localities at the fag end of Mumbai's water network like M-east ward (Chembur) have a different story to tell. \"In my ward, we suffer form water scarcity throughout the year and have to depend on tankers. My constituency is predominantly of Muslims and the water cut has coincided with the holy month of Ramzaan,\" M-east corporator Rais Shaikh said.The BMC sells 10,000 litres of water for Rs 156, but tankers across the city charge anywhere between Rs 1,000 and Rs 5,000, depending upon the demand and the rate of the water cut. In M-east ward before the 10% water cut was imposed the cost of one tanker was Rs 850, and today it costs Rs 1,150.In 2009, when the city faced water cut as high as 30%, the price of tankers sky rocketed. K. Varyani, former president of the Lokhandwala Garden Association (K-west), said, \"In 2009, the price of tanker went as high as Rs 4,500 to Rs 5,000.\" In parts of Bandra, residents pay as much as Rs 7,000 for one tanker of drinking water and Rs 4,500 for one tanker of borewell or hard water.BMC's hydraulic department officials, too, said there is no reason to panic. \"Mumbai's monsoon lasts from June to September. In 2010, it even rained up to the second week of November. In all likelihood, the monsoon will persist beyond September. Besides, we will also get 455MLD from the Middle Vaitarana dam,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299411", "title": "Engineering colleges to forego fee hike", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 500 of 710 engineering colleges in the state have decided to forgo fee hike this year. The colleges have asked the government to start counselling for filling up engineering seats before August 10. The decision has come a day before the Supreme Court is set to hear the case filed by college managements asking for uniform fee structure and hike in fee.This would mean that the engineering college fee will remain at Rs 31,500 for merit or convener quota seats and Rs 95,000 for management seats. Majority of the colleges which held a meeting here on Tuesday said that the government could hold separate counselling for those institutions demanding a huge fee hike. This indicates that at least over 100 colleges in the state would have a fee hike ranging from Rs 2,000 to Rs 35,000 as calculated by Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee.Speaking at a press meet held on Tuesday night, management representatives said that the government should immediately hold talks with them. \"The state government has not called us for any talks to discuss the fee structure. Hence we took a decision among ourselves to forgo the fee hike and go for counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15300162", "title": "New sub-division rakes up row", "text": "GONDIA: The bandh call given by leaders of Morgaon Arjuni tehsil on Monday to press the demand for setting up the headquarters of sub-divisional office was a success. With the success, the issue is likely to flare up between the Bharatiya Janata Party and Nationalist Congress Party.The state government had decided to have one sub-division for two tehsils with the aim of increasing the efficiency of the administration and for the convenience of people. Therefore, two more sub-divisions were proposed for Gondia district. This included one at Tiroda for Tiroda and Goregaon tehsils and the other at Sadak Arjuni for Sadak Arjuni and Morgaon Arjuni tehsils. The decision was taken at the cabinet meeting on June 7 and objections were invited up to July 20.There seems to be no dispute over Tiroda. But there is no unanimity between the various parties over Sadak Arjuni. Both these tehsils come under the assembly constituency of BJP MLA Rajkumar Badole. However, his activists seem to be not happy and gave an all-party bandh call which evoked good response. They handed over a memorandum to tehsildar Prakash Kshirsagar seeking claim of Morgaon Arjuni for a new sub-division.NCP, a ruling partner in the state, gave preference to Sadak Arjuni which may lead to confrontation with BJP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15302086", "title": "BRABU academic calendar has collapsed, say teachers", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Academic calendar has completely collapsed in B R Ambedkar Bihar University, according to the general secretary of Bihar University Service Teachers Association (BUSTA), Arun Kumar Singh, who, along with his president R Dubey, led a day-long teachers' fast on the university campus on Tuesday against the lackluster approach of the university administration towards students and teachers problems.Singh said degree examinations scheduled in April itself are now scheduled to be conducted in August. Results of these examinations are not likely to be completed before December, he apprehended. As such, the academic session, which should have been started from July, will now begin from January next, he added.He said the three-year degree course is taking four years to complete. This is all because of keeping results pending and postponing examinations every now and then, he said.The University is not only ruining the career of students alone. It has also dampened the working spirit of teachers as well by keeping their promotions at bay. No new promotion has been given to any teacher in last one year. Those promotion cases notified in last one year were the decisions taken long back, he claimed.Vice chancellor Vimal Kumar clarified on Tuesday that the teachers have withdrawn their fasting and dharna on his assurance that he would talk to them over their demands next Monday. The VC whose tenure is itself in an uncertain stage because of court case, preferred not to go into details of teachers' demands.On the other hand, the general secretary of Federation of University Teachers Association of Bihar (FUTAB), Sanjay Kumar Singh on Tuesday said the college teachers of the state would also observe a day-long fast at Patna on August 25 next in protest against the corruption prevailing in different universities of the state. He claimed that 22 teachers got merit promotion in BRABU last year but the notification was issued only for five teachers. Fort the rest , some kind of bargaining was going on, he alleged and added that similar situation was prevailing all over Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300946", "title": "Engineering student convicted for robbery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An engineering student along with two other men was on Tuesday convicted by fast track court (IV) for a robbery that took place in Bhubaneswar in 2009. Judge Sarojini Mohapatra sentenced each of them to 10 years imprisonment and fined them Rs 3,000 for robbing two OSRTC employees of Rs 3.64 lakh at gun-point from Ruchika Market in Baramunda on November 16, 2009. The convicts are Kamalakant Das (engineering student), Prabhash Kumar Sahoo and Nimai Charan ssDas.\"The convicts along with another absconding accused Prakash Pradhan fled with the money by opening fire at a police constable on duty. The constable escaped with minor injuries,\" said associate public prosecutor Pradipta Kumar Mishra.While Kamalakant and Prabhash were arrested on February 11, 2010, Nimai was nabbed on March 9, the same year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15290778", "title": "Colourful and decorated rakhis adorn the markets", "text": "VARANASI: While the festivity of Raksha Bandhan is just a few days away, colourful and decorated Rakhis made up of metal, silk threads, plastic beads, glass beads, sandalwood and other materials are being sold in large numbers at prominent markets and makeshift stalls set up at different areas of the city including Lahurabir, Nai Sarak, Godowlia, Maidagin, Sigra, Gurubagh, Durgakund, Orderly Bazaar.According to Rasmi Dubey, a rakhi seller near Lahurabir area, \"people prefer permanent rakhis made up of metal and beads over rakhis made up of silk thread. Wearing rakhi is becoming a fashion. Bracelet and band-like rakhis are much in demand over normal ones,\" she informed.If the retailers and wholesalers of rakhi are to be believed, markets for Raksha Bandhan start setting in from the beginning of holy month of Shrawan itself. These rakhis range from Rs 1 to Rs 300 depending upon the brand, material and decoration on it. \"The metal and bead rakhis are transported from Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai, the silk rakhis are prepared by women in rural belts near the city,\" informed, Deepak Kumar, a wholesaler of rakhi at Rajadarwaja area.Apart from makeshift stalls, some showrooms in malls and prominent gift shops in the city have also come up with huge varities of rakhis which can be presented in different forms. \"Girls who are purchasing rakhi for their brothers who are living out of station prefer cards cum rakhi. Rakhi along with roli and akshat in different packets are tied on the card, which can be easily posted anywhere. The cost of such cards ranges from Rs 45 to Rs 350. Silver and gold plated rakhis are also selling but have few takers because they are quite expensive,\" informed Rohan Barman, a gift shop owner at Durgakund area.This year, along with rakhi, markets are also swelling with ample vareity of gift items. According to Barman, the sale of gifts items has been continuously increasing during rakhi since past four to five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15299969", "title": "6,918 bar licenses in existence in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The state excise department has issued 6,918 liquor bar licenses, statistics that tabulate data till June 2012 reveal. With liquor being cheaper in Goa as compared to other states, the large number of bars comes as no surprise. If the state's population is considered to be 14 lakh, then there is a bar for every 200 persons.Statistics from the state excise department state that Bardez has the most bars in the state with 1,560 liquor bar licenses being issued. Around 470 liquor store permits were also issued in the taluka.Salcete comes a close second with 1,476 bars and 369 liquor stores in the taluka. Tiswadi taluka has 782 bars and 250 liquor stores, Ponda has 630 bars and 105 liquor stores, Mormugao has 508 bars and 96 liquor stores and Pernem has 433 bars and 124 liquor stores. Sattari taluka has the lowest number of bars with only 189 bars and 26 liqour stores, followed by Bicholim with 291 bars and 49 liquor stores.Bardez also has the highest number of wholesalers, with 32 country liquor wholesalers and 54 Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and foreign liquor wholesalers. Sanguem is the only taluka in the state that has no IMFL or foreign liquor wholesalers, while it has two country liquor wholesalers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15302325", "title": "Samajwadi Party threatens legal action against former MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party today threatened legal action against its former MLA from Madhya Pradesh who had filed a PIL against Congress leader Rahul Gandhi accusing him of rape.The party also distanced itself from him saying he was expelled from SP in 2009.\"The central leadership has directed the state unit to serve him a legal notice seeking explanation as to why Kishore Samrite was misusing the party's name...if he continues to misuse the party's name, the Madhya Pradesh unit has been directed to lodge an FIR against him and seek legal recourse,\" a statement issued by SP General Secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said here.The statement by the Mulayam Singh Yadav-led party comes close on the heels of Samrite reportedly telling the Supreme Court that SP leaders had asked him to file a PIL against Rahul in the Allahabad High Court in 2010.Responding to a an apex court notice, the Akhilesh Yadav government had reportedly termed Samrite as mentally imbalanced.The SP said after losing the Balaghat Lok Sabha election on SP ticket, Samrite had made some \"objectionable\" statements following which the Madhya Pradesh unit had expelled him.\"Since then, he is not a member of the Samajwadi Party,\" Yadav said in the statement. PTI NAB DV", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302205", "title": "Green activists allege case against forest conservator was fabricated", "text": "COIMBATORE: The incident where an assistant conservator of forests allegedly slapped a forest guard and three watchmen belonging to the Anamalai Tiger reserve (ATR) on Sunday for not wearing their uniform while on duty, took a new turn on Tuesday, with green activists voicing their support for the conservator, alleging that the incident was fabricated at the behest of the timber mafia.Tamil Nadu Green Movement leader K Mohan Raj said that V C Rahul was a forthright officer who had exposed many irregularities at ATR, since he joined his post last month. \"Rahul was investigating the large scale felling of trees in Ullandi forests. The whole story of him slapping his subordinates and using foul language to reprimand them was fabricated with the intention of keeping him away from the investigation, making way for the felling to continue,\" he said.More than 250 protesting forest guards and an equal number of anti-poaching tribal watchmen have temporarily stalled their protest and rejoined duty on Tuesday after Rahul was sent on leave, as directed by senior officers. \"We have temporarily shelved the protest because Rahul was asked to go on leave. Ifno action is taken against him, the protest will continue,'' said TN forest staff association president M Nazeer.When contacted, Rahul explained that he committed no crime and the entire episode was fabricated. I am going on leave to help my senior officials handle the situation effectively. However, I am clear about my stand and there will be no question of rendering an apology. I am ready to face the case in court,'' he said over phone.S Jayachandran, leading environmentalist and secretary of Nilgiris Wildlife and Environment Association, demanded a through probe into the whole issue as the allegations have been leveled against an honest officer with a keenness to protect wildlife. Rahul is a teetotaler and vegetarian. It is quite absurd that the guards are accusing him of attacking his subordinates under the influence of alcohol. He is on officer of integrity who put a stop to forest guest houses and outposts being used for liquor consumption. A high level investigation is essential to put a stop to all the irregularities plaguing the ATR,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources in ATR told TOI that the guard who filed the complaint against Rahul was suspended on two occasions for dereliction in duty. He and the watchmen were not in uniform when Rahul visited the outpost at Vedikaranpalayam near Valparai-Pollachi Highway and they were sleeping on the floor instead of discharging their duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302690", "title": "Young girl found dead on Manmad road", "text": "NASHIK: A body of a female in the age group of 16 years to 20 years was found on an open plot near a factory along the Manmad-Chandwad Road at 1pm on Monday.According to the Manmad police, the killer had crushed the face and head of the victim in such fashion so as to prevent her from being identified. The post mortem reported report has revealed that the victim not been sexually assaulted, police added. The Manmad police have sent two teams to different locations to trace the victim's identity.The body was found at around 1.00 pm on MondayThe police have found railway tickets including a concession ticket from Akola to Bhusawal and Purna to Akola on the victim's person. Cops . Checking the tickets the Manmad police believe that the deceased had been accompanied by an elderly person one elder citizen from the concession ticket for elderly person and a minor.Police are further probing whether the murder had occurred in Manmad or if her her body had been dumped on the road after the crime had been committeed elsewehere Investigations are also underway over how the victim had The police said that investigations are underway to check if the woman was murdered in Manmad itself or her body was brought there and dumped on an open plot in front of Hadancha Karkhana near Manmad city or travelled to Manmad when the ticket found on her person was only till Bhusawal.Police Inspector Chandrakant Bangar, who has lodged a complaint at the Manmad Police Station said, two teams have been sent to Poorna, taking lead from the tickets that were found on her person, while they are also checking missing people from across the districts in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308310", "title": "Media haunt filmstars and not supermodels, says Shahana", "text": "Post the first look of Madhur Bhandarkar's movie Heroine, the promo has been in the news and been compared to his earlier film Fashion and Vidya Balan's Dirty Picture.But actor Shahana Goswami who is playing the role of an actress in the film, who Kareena's character meets in the course of her career, begs to differ and expressed that though the two worlds may be same, there is a lot of difference too.She says, \"A supermodel had the freedom to do what they want, but as an actor we don't. Unlike filmstars, supermodels are not haunted by the media.\"The actor is all praise for Madhur and says, \"He understands how to use relevant topics in a massy cinematic way.\" Though she is playing a small part, she shares that the film is an out and out Kareena's film and is happy to be part of it.Apart from Heroine , Shahana is in Vara: A Blessing directed by Khyentse Norbu, where she will be playing the role of a village girl. The actor who won accolades for her role in Rock On!! was last seen in a small role in Ra.One . Though she enjoy played character based roles, she doesn't mind doing commercial movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300214", "title": "Rahul Gandhi in Allahabad today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has issued government order (GO) increasing the retirement age of regular full-time employees of UP Rajya Karmachari Nigam from 58 years to 60 years. According to the GO, the state government would not provide any financial assistance in this regard and the corporation itself would bear the burden of expenses from its own resources to be incurred as a result of increase in the retirement age. More than 800 employees would be benefited from this decision, the GO added.Shivpal holds review meet: Minister for irrigation Shivpal Singh Yadav while presiding over review meeting of his department on Tuesday said that for the year 2012-13, the budget of the irrigation department has been increased to Rs 5,000 crore. Besides this, the Government of India has also given its nod to provide financial assistance to several irrigation related schemes of the state government. He has directed the departmental officials to extend means of irrigation in the state, ensure availability of water in canals till tail end and get repaired all defective tubewells so that the farmers get sufficient water for irrigation purpose.House tax rebate extended: Additional municipal commissioner PK Srivastava has informed that on the directives of mayor Dinesh Sharma, 10% rebate in house tax given by Lucknow Nagar Nigam till July 31, has now been extended till August 31.Include cooperative movement in syllabus: The Institute of Cooperative and Corporate Management, Research and Training (ICCMRT), Lucknow has been asked to start teaching 'cooperative movement and management' as an optional subject to its students. The committee of management of ICCMRT chaired by agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan has taken a decision to conduct a study for revival and viability of primary agriculture co-operative societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300775", "title": "Jharkhand plunges into darkness", "text": "RANCHI: The state faced acute power crisis on Tuesday afternoon following the break down in northern and eastern grids disrupting train services across three railway divisions. At least 30 trains, including express and passenger trains, were stranded at different stations under Ranchi, Dhanbad and Chakradharpur railway divisions during the power failure which continued for over two-and-a-half hours.Among the important trains affected included the Delhi-Hatia Jharkhand Swarna Jayanti Express, Jammu Tavi-Rourkela Express, Howrah-Ranchi Shatabdi-Express, Patna-Ranchi Jan Shatabdi Express, Hatia- Patna Super Express and Varanasi-Sambalpur Express.Divisional railway manager (Ranchi) G Malaya said power was not available for around two hours. \"The failure occurred at 1.05pm The power has been restored and train services normalized by late evening,\" Malaya said.A standby power supply system was used at the Birsa Munda Airport here during the black out. Airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar said power supply was restored by 3:30pm. \"Air service was not affected,\" he claimed.However, medical service was affected. Most hospitals, especially those run by the state health department, had to even stop surgeries in the operation theatres. The largest government hospital Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) was without power for over one-and-a-half-hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15307179", "title": "Tiger kills Karanth Park employee in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A tiger killed an employee of the Shivaram Karanth Biological Park at Pilikula on the city outskirts, a top official of the park said on Wednesday.Kushalappa Gowda was attacked and mauled to death by the tiger when he went inside its cage to feed it on Tuesday night, Ayaprakash Bhandary, director of the Park said here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299971", "title": "Colleges will lose affiliation if demand more fees, warns minister", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Tuesday said that it would cancel the affiliation of professional colleges if they demand more fees than the prescribed amount.\"After canceling affiliation, we will also inform the AICTE,'' higher education minister CT Ravi said in the legislative council.On July 10, 2012, the state government and private institutions had entered into an agreement about seat-sharing in medical, dental, engineering and architecture courses. It pertained to a decision on the fee structure too.But despite this, private colleges are demanding more money than prescribed and refusing admission to those who have not heeded their demand. \"Many colleges are demanding Rs 25,000 to Rs 70,000 from students. Though SC/ST students need not pay any fee, they have also been asked to pay up. Many aggrieved students have complained to the government and we have received about 400 complaints,'' Ravi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308733", "title": "It's all about music madness", "text": "Musician Rohit Pereira aka P-man, is all geared up with the return of his online show. Excited to be back, he speaks about music, projects his currently working on and what makes him an hot favourite among the ladies. Here are the excerpts from the interview.It's been a long gap since the last P-man season, what took you so long? Well was busy with work, music and the producers of the last show were busy with projects that paid them money, so that was pretty much the end of The P-Man Show . I always wanted to do something like that again, hence started The P-Man Music Files ! ( PMF )What's special this season and how many episodes should your online fans look out for? The show is more or less taking off from where earlier season ended, but this time along with rock and metal, PMF will be featuring and showcasing all independent Indian music. Along with some sketches and gags too, why not, it's fun doing them and people will laugh too! How many episodes, well can't say, hopefully this time it will be a lil' bit longer.The show is an amalgamation of madness, music and the man - P-man? How do you balance all three important aspects in every episode? I don't set out to have just those three aspects or any specific attribute as such. I try and showcase some of the finest musicians and music our country has to offer and music is that constant aspect I try and not to deviate from in an episode. Of course at times madness takes over, every now and then.You are also a member of bands Exhumation, Shaair n Func and your recent electronic outfit Vice Versa. For a musician has it come easy to you in terms of music and performances? Well luckily for me the bands I have played in or playing in, I love that form of music, and when you like that kinda music, performing those songs are a joy on stage, and it kinda flows, so yeah, I would say it has come rather easy to fit in them, in terms of music and performances.Projects you are currently working on apart from the show? I am busy running my new Youtube channel - Okay Potato . We also do some random parody and spoof videos. Some of them are actually funny too! But it's fun, I get to bring out my crazy side here too, as I do on stage!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301482", "title": "Gujarat best Indian suitor in investment swayamvar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has emerged as the most lucrative investment destination in India, attracting the highest number of live investment proposals worth over Rs 16.28 lakh crore.Of the 20 industrial states, Gujarat clocked the highest share of over 13.52 per cent in the total live investments, according to a study released by apex industry body Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham)\"Out of the total proposals, Gujarat attracted 39.2 per cent in electricity, 24.2 per cent in manufacturing, 16.2 per cent in services, 14.3 per cent in real estate, 5.2 per cent in irrigation and 0.9 per cent in mining,\" said Bhagyesh Soneji, chairperson, Assocham Gujarat Council.Soneji released the study titled 'Investment and growth patterns across major 20 Indian states' jointly along with Jay Ruparel, co-chairperson and DS Rawat, national secretary general, Assocham.The study shows that Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Karnataka have clearly emerged as the preferred investment destinations by attracting almost 54 per cent of the total investments worth over Rs 120.34 lakh crore as of December 2011.The highest amount of investment has gone into the sectors of electricity (35.9%), manufacturing (25.3%), services (21.8%), real estate (11.8%), irrigation (3.1%) and mining (2.1%).Apart from Gujarat, Maharashtra attracted investments worth Rs14.14 lakh crore followed by Andhra Pradesh Rs. 12.09 lakh crore, Odisha Rs. 12.09 lakh crore, Karnataka Rs. 9.85 lakh crore and the remaining 15 states attracted total investment proposals worth Rs. 55.89 lakh crore.The study observed that Tamil Nadu stood at sixth position by attracting investment proposals worth Rs. 9.13 lakh crore followed by Jharkhand which attracted investment proposals woth Rs. 7.16 lakh crore.The remaining 13 states included West Bengal (Rs. 6.23 lakh crore), Madhya Pradesh (Rs. 5.65 lakh crore), Uttar Pradesh (Rs. 5.38 lakh crore), Haryana (Rs. 4.98 lakh crore), Chhattisgarh (Rs. 4.56 lakh crore), Rajasthan (Rs. 2.54 lakh crore), Bihar (Rs. 2.38 lakh crore), Punjab (Rs. 2.16 lakh crore), Kerala (Rs. 2.12 lakh crore), Jammu &amp; Kashmir (Rs. 1.11 lakh crore), Uttarakhand (Rs. 1.07 lakh crore), Himachal Pradesh (Rs. 84,062 crore) and Assam (Rs. 58,179 crore).Mining got the highest share in live investments in the states of Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. As opposed to this trend, mining sector got the least share in total investments in Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, Bihar and Jammu and Kashmir.Manufacturing is expected to achieve relatively higher growth to other sectors in the states of Odisha, Jharkhand, Gujarat, Karnataka, and West Bengal. Conversely, it got lower shares in Jammu and Kashmir, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and Assam.Electricity got the highest share of investments in the states of Gujarat, Odisha, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. The bottom five states to focus on electricity are Assam, Kerala, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana.Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh emphasize more on the development of services sector. The states of Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand and Assam have lesser focus on the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15303273", "title": "Colaba rain 5th lowest in 50 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuesday's evening showers may have come as a welcome respite to the rain-starved island city but overall in July, Colaba continued to remain dry, recording the fifth lowest rainfall in 50 years. Met department data shows that Colaba recorded 325mm rainfall in July\u2014the least in the past five decades was in 2002 when it recorded only 103.5mm.Overall this season, Colaba has got 579.6mm rainfall, a deficit of 55% from the average 1,290mm that it usually receives. \"Anything above 26% in deficit is a meteorological drought,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. But a meteorological drought in Mumbai does not hold, as there is no agriculture here, he said.\"Mumbai gets its water supply from the catchment areas, which are all outside the city. The rainfall in these areas is what really affects the city. All the rainfall in Mumbai goes into the sea,\" Apte said.On Tuesday, between 8.30am and 8.30pm, Colaba received 9.6mm of rainfall. As for the suburbs, it has seen more rains in July with Santa Cruz recording nearly 620mm rainfall. Overall this season, there was a deficit of 32% with 927.8mm recorded against an average of 1,359mm rainfall. Between 8.30am and 8.30pm on Tuesday, Santa Cruz recorded 4.8mm of rainfall. Weather bureau officials said although Maharashtra continued to remain rain deficient, there might still be time enough for the monsoon to just about reach its normal mark in the state. \"There have been no significant systems over the Konkan coast. Even the offshore trough, which runs from Konkan to Kerala coasts, has not been strong enough for a long stretch. All these reasons together are responsible for lack of rainfall over the city,\" Apte said.Tuesday's rains that were accompanied by gusty winds were not because of any particular system, weathermen said. \"There has been some strengthening of winds, because of which the city is witnessing these showers. However, it is not because of any particular system and this condition is not likely to last more than a day or two,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD.The met department predicted occasional spells of rain or thundershowers in city and suburbs with heavy rainfall in some areas for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300113", "title": "Gang may get away lightly", "text": "BANGALORE: The government is either yet to realize the gravity of the situation sparked by the Mangalore moral policemen or it's dealing with it lightly to keep its hardliners happy. Whatever the reason, Shettar and his men appear to have missed the public outrage.Though there was a clamour in both Houses of legislature to book the mauraders under the Anti-Goonda Act, police invoked provisions of Indian Penal Code pertaining to dacoity, trespass and attempt to outrage the modesty of a woman. The CM admitted that one of the victims was robbed of a gold chain and Rs 10,000.As on Tuesday, police nabbed 15 of the 50 odd attackers who barged into the Morning Mist home stay last Saturday evening.Legal experts say: \"At most, these perpetrators may cool their heels in jail for next 2-3 months and walk out free on bail.''Subhash Padil, who led the attack, is the HJV convener in Mangalore, was involved in a similar attack on a pub in Mangalore in 2009 and was booked under Section 307 (attempt to murder) and sent to jail. But he returned after a few months only to project himself as a protector of Hinduism. It's no secret in Mangalore that it's difficult for police to chastise Padil and his moral police group as he enjoys the patronage of the party in power and also his boss -- RSS leader Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat who is widely respected in the BJP.CM Jagadish Shettar said he has given specific directions to the home department to initiate stern action against those responsible for the attack. Ashoka replying to the issue in the assembly on Monday said: \"Police have booked cases of assault, molestation and dacoity that are serious in nature. What else do you expect us to do?'' he asked.But the outrage among the common man continues. \"I'm sure they'll all go scot free. If I were the police, I would have shot them one by one. Imagine if I put a bounty on their heads, I'd probably be arrested for 2-3 year. What kind of system do we have?'' said an agitated college girl.JD(S) leader M C Nanaiah on Tuesday expressed displeasure about the passive response of legislators from Dakshina Kannada district. He sought to know what they'd done to help the victims and to ensure tough action was taken against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301379", "title": "Heavy showers offset power woes in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heavy showers on Tuesday morning spared Delhiites from what could have been a traumatic afternoon after the Northern Grid collapsed once again. Though highly humid, the day recorded low temperatures, the difference between the maximum and minimum only a little over two degrees. The highest temperature went up to 27.9 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal, while the minimum was 25.4 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal.Safdarjung recorded 15mm rainfall till 5.30pm while Palam recorded 61.2mm rainfall in the same period, the highest for the season. The good news is that widespread rain is likely to continue till at least the end of the week and possibly through the middle of the coming week as well. A low-pressure area is expected to build up over the Bay of Bengal on August 3 that will turn into a depression by August 4.\"The depression will move towards west, northwest India and bring widespread rain \u2014 moderate to heavy \u2014 over central and north India between August 4 and 8,\" said R K Vahisth, director, IMD. Such depressions have formed earlier as well but have either been weak or moved across central India without affecting the northwest. This, in fact, is being projected as one of the main reasons for rainfall deficit over the northwest.The sudden splash of rain over Delhi and neighbouring regions is primarily a result of an indecisive monsoon trough. As long as the trough keeps flitting back and forth \u2014 oscillating between north and south of its normal position \u2014 we can expect rain in the northern states.\"The trough, that on Tuesday was passing through Bhatinda, Rohtak, Agra, Allahabad, Daltonganj, Bankura and Kolkata and then going southeastwards towards east central Bay of Bengal, has been oscillating north and south of its normal position. This is also being helped by the presence of cyclonic circulations, one over Haryana and neighbouring areas and another over southwest UP,\" said Vashisth.Officials explained that the cyclonic circulations helped push convective air higher and aid in formation of rain-bearing clouds. \"The capital saw a large variation in rain due to local convection. Till 8.30am, south and southwest Delhi received heavy localized showers. Later in the morning, the heavy rain shifted towards central Delhi. There are several factors for localized rain, including different levels of moisture feed in each area,\" said an official. Officials said the rain started around 6am and continued till around 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300693", "title": "Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation dumps grid to light up Kolkata, rest of Bengal in dark", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata was an island of light in a sea of darkness on the second day of the national power grid crash. Ninety per cent of Bengal \u2014 if not more \u2014 went without electricity on Tuesday as the eastern grid, which had bailed out the north on Monday, couldn't take the load any longer.It brought back memories of the dark days of the early 80s when load-shedding was a daily torture. The last such grid failure in Bengal was in the 90s.Hundreds of trains stalled in their tracks, over 200 miners were trapped in coal mines in Raniganj for an agonizing four hours, Kolkata's outskirts endured hours of power cuts, government hospitals floundered in darkness and the districts were beyond redemption. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee declared a holiday in government offices at 3pm because of the crisis.Since Bengal banks heavily on thermal power, it is harder to recover from a crisis than a state depending on hydel power. Most generating plants under West Bengal Power Development Corporation (WBPDCL), NTPC Far-akka and DVC were shut down due to the load imbalance on Tuesday. CESC and the Bakreswar thermal power plant (Unit I) were the only survivors.CESC kept the Metro running and the traffic signs active, preventing a Delhi-like chaos, but large parts of the city endured power cuts as CESC couldn't meet peak-evening demand without the 500MW from WBSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300382", "title": "Food turns fatal, two kids die and 425 fall ill", "text": "KOLKATA: Two children among the 427 patients who were rushed to the ID Hospital at Beliaghata with complaints of vomiting and loose motion died of suspected food poisoning on Tuesday. They had fallen ill after attending an iftar feast in Birati on Sunday evening. Doctors believe that contaminated food was served at the feast, which led to food poisoning.The iftar feast was hosted by one Mehboob Ali and his brother in Birati's Bankra near the Dum Dum airport on Sunday night. A large number of those attended the feast were children, who were served fruits and ghugni. After going back home, the children started complaining of stomach ache. The problem aggravated on Monday with more children falling ill. Relatives started rushing the children to the hospital from Monday afternoon onwards. On Tuesday morning, six-year-old Akimma Mollah succumbed to his ailment while Tanjit Mollah, 11, died by afternoon. Hospital sources said the condition of eight children was serious.\"I brought up my three children single-handedly after my husband died 10 years ago. And now, my younger son Tanjit is no more. My elder son fainted after hearing about his brother's death. He is also admitted in the hospital at present. I do not know why such ill-luck struck me,\" sobbed Sabiya Begum sitting in a corner of the hospital premises.Tension gripped the hospital in the afternoon as relatives of patients tried to gate-crash into the hospital ward. Many complained that they were not allowed to meet their patients and alleged negligence on part of the doctors. The agitated relatives resorted to vandalism. They dispersed only after a huge police force was pressed into action.\"Patients are lying on the floor and the doctors are not giving their best effort. The security is not allowing us in,\" alleged Rehammtulla Sheikh.Due to the huge rush, the hospital faced difficulty to deal with the situation. But within hours, the hospital authority pulled in manpower from other hospitals. Doctors and nurses from four hospitals - RG Kar Medical College and Hospital, NRS Medical College, Medical College and Hospital Calcutta and BC Roy Hospital for Children were rushed in.\"We have treated and discharged 145 patients on Tuesday. Regarding the rest, barring eight of them, the rest are stable. They will be discharged soon,\" said ID Hospital principal Dr JB Saha.According to families of patients, the children had food that was cooked in the open under a guava tree. They suspect that some poisonous insect must have fallen in the food from the tree.\"Doctors were initially not looking after the patients well. They started doing so only under pressure. Now patients are getting uninterrupted supply of medicine, saline and treatment,\" said Siddiqula Chowdhury, Imam of a local masjid.Doctors at the hospital had a tough time as many patients refused to take ORS solution saying that they are not supposed to take the liquid as they were observing Ramzan.\"As of now we are focusing on the treatment part. We are not sure what kind of contamination led to the patients falling sick. All of them are suffering from gastro enteric problem,\" said Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299618", "title": "Industry faces the heat as well", "text": "JAIPUR: The assembly lines of the industries in the state came to a halt at a time when the workers were expected to put in extra hours before the festival of Rakhi which falls on August 2.The power failure on Tuesday is set to delay shipments from the state's manufacturing enclaves and companies are preparing to send consignments by air to meet contract obligations even though it means extra charges.\"The power outage occurred at a very critical time as the workers were set to go on holiday to celebrate Rakhi Poornima. With production delayed, now the exporters have to send their consignments by air which would increase the delivery charges hitting margins,\" said Jai Kishnan Khetri, a core committee member of Sitapura Industrial Association.While power was restored for domestic consumers in some parts of the city, the industry was unlikely to get supply before midnight on Tuesday, added Khetri. He said the Sitapura industrial area will alone suffer a loss of Rs 1 crore because of power failure.\"We pay double the amount for power per metre to Rajasthan State Industrial Development &amp; Investment Corporation Ltd. (RIICO) just to ensure there is no power cut. In the view of this arrangement, many companies never felt the need to invest in generators which has caused a complete blackout affecting production,\" added Khetri.The services industry like banking and IT also suffered but they managed with diesel powered generators even though it meant bearing more than double the routine price for power.\"The IT and ITeS establishments in the Mahindra World City were affected but since we have back-up generators, the operations of these companies remained unaffected. But it is proving to be a costly proposition since the cost of diesel generated power is more than double the price that we pay for regular power at Rs 6 per unit,\" said B K Subbaiah, COO, Mahindra World City, Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15300717", "title": "Jharkhand districts grapple with massive power outage", "text": "BOKARO: The failure of eastern power grid on Tuesday affected movement of trains with over a dozen passenger trains stranded at various locations in the Chakradharpur railway division of the South Eastern Railway. Over six passenger trains were stranded at the Tatanagar railway station for over three hours, said railway officials. Affected trains include Tatanagar-Asansol Intercity, Subernarekha Express, Tatanagar-Jammutwai, Tatanagar-Jasidih Sravani Express, Tatanagar-Barkakhana Ispat Express and Jan Shatabdi Express, among others. Several goods trains were also stranded at various locations.\"Power supply was partially restored around 3.30pm and, thereafter, movement of trains resumed in the Tatanagar section,\" said deputy station manager, Tatanagar Rajendra Prasad. \"Power supply was restored in the late evening hours,\" said senior divisional commercial manager, Chakradharpur division, A K Haldar.The Adityapur industrial area, a hub of small industries, also suffered production loss amounting in crores. \"As per our estimates, we have incurred a production loss of over Rs 25 crore owing to the power failure,\" said Adityapur small industries association functionary Santosh Khetan. Healthcare services at primary health centers in Seraikela-Kharswan, West Singhbhum and East Singhbhum districts were affected for large parts of the day due to power failure.Jharkhand State Electricity Board officials of Jamshedpur circle said power supply in Gamharia grid would get normalized by late evening. \"Gradual restoration of the power supply is on. The Gamhria grid received only 20% of its capacity (300MW) till 5pm and we think complete restoration could take some time,\" said JSEB Jamshedpur circle general manager O P Ambasta. He, however, said it is too early to figure out the apparent revenue loss to the JSEB owing to the grid failure.Meanwhile, in Hazaribag, the grid in the DVC thermal power plants, which was almost normal till around 2pm, suddenly tripped due to total failure of the eastern grid of the National Power Grid Corporation, said top officials of DVC's Central Load Despatch Centre at Maithon, from where the power is distributed and dispatched to various grids. Sanjay Kumar Singh, general secretary of the central committee of the DVC officers forum , said all power-generating units of the DVC's thermal plants in Bokaro, Chandrapura, and hydel power stations at Maithon and Panchet had stopped. Engineers at Central Load Despatch (CLD) at Maithon said they are controlling power distribution of the DVC power stations said, \"We are aware of the fault in the eastern grid and are trying to normalize the situation at the earliest.\" He said that some units at DVC's Chandrapura thermal station have been partially restored after the DVC engineers started synchronizing the power generating units.He said till now Chandrapura TPS, whose production fell to zero, has now started generating 90MW, while the Panchet hydel unit is generating 32MW and the Maithon hydel power unit have started generating 14MW of power. With this the DVC has started generating 135MW of power against average of 2500 MW per day.In Dhanbad coal production and dispatch was badly affected due to the power shut down in coal belt region. According to official sources, at least 40 per cent of the targeted one lakh tonne daily production was affected as the second shift did not operate in the underground mines of Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in the district.Five coal miners who were trapped in Jairampur colliery of Lodhan project of BCCL as power went off suddenly were later rescued. A total 70 mines of BCCL alone could not operate due to the power breakdown.Additional DRM (Dhanbad division) Rajesh Mohan said the Kalka Mail and Doon Express had to be cancelled. The Sialdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express and Howrah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express were operated by diesel engines. .\"Around 33 goods trains transporting iron ore and coal were also stranded at different stations,\" said Mohan.In Bokaro production in two power units of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) and state-run-Tenughat Thermal Power Station (TTPS) came to a halt following power grid failure at 1.05pm on Tuesday. The power shortage caused blackout in most parts of the district except Bokaro township, as the Bokaro Power Supply Company Limited (BPSCL) which supplies power to it remained unaffected. However, the power crisis has badly affected production in Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), Central Coalfield Limited (CCL) and Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) mines beside it also disrupted movement of trains.BSL chief of communications Sanjay Tiwari said the power shortage had throttled production in plant. \"The power supplied by BPSCL is helping to keep equipment in ready condition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300435", "title": "Sangvi resident dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: The throat swab report of a 37-year-old man who died at a private hospital in Thergaon on Sunday returned positive for swine flu on Tuesday.This is the first death caused by H1N1 influenza in Pimpri-Chinchwad and the second in Pune district this monsoon, officials said.Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) medical officer Milind Jawale said the man, Milind Dixit, a resident of Sangvi, was critically ill and had been on ventilator support at Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital (ABMH) since July 27.\"His condition deteriorated further and he died at 5.40 pm on Sunday (July 29),\" Jawale said.Dixit had developed symptoms on July 24. He first consulted a general practitioner in his neighbourhood. His condition worsened and he was taken to D Y Patil Medical College in Pimpri which referred him to ABMH the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15299916", "title": "Govt to develop theme parks, says Parulekar", "text": "PORVORIM: While stating that a convention centre would come up in Fatorda constituency, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said that the government would promote the development of theme parks, marinas, eco, adventure and medical tourism, and cultural and heritage tourism, besides golf courses and helicopter tourism, in Goa.Replying to a discussion on demands for grants to tourism, Parulekar said the government would do everything possible to give boost to tourism to double the inflow of tourists in the next few years. He expressed happiness that for the first time, the budget for the tourism department is more than 400 crore. Stating that the state budget is around 250 crores, he said the central government has allotted funds to the tune of 150 crores.Regarding conention centre, Parulekar said he has already \"moved the file\" for the convention centre of the capacity of 10,000-15,000 persons in Fatorda constituency and added that feasibility study would be done soon.To this, Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane pointed out that Goa would need a higher capacity convention centre, which can accommodate around 4,000 persons. Agreeing with Rane, the minister said that for north Goa, the government can think of such a convention centre some where near Mopa. \"We'll deliberate on this and take a decision\".Parulekar also stated that the cluster development authority which was mooted by the chief minister in his budget speech in march this year, would be formed, for proper planning of touristic areas. \"Altogether there will be five clusters\", he told the goa assembly. He also said that Goa tourism development policy would be unveiled soon.On beach shacks, he said the government would ensure that the allotment of shacks would be done by early September. The minister assured Calangute MLA Michael Lobo to construct footpaths from saligao to Calangute. He also agreed to allow village panchayats to participate in the tender for beach cleaning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299420", "title": "Top builders under lens for tax evasion", "text": "MUMBAI: Following raids on the premises of some developers in the past two days, the sales tax department found that the builders collected money towards value-added tax (VAT) from buyers for under-construction projects but did not deposit the amount with it.For every flat sold in an under-construction property, a builder is liable to pay 1% of the agreement value of the sale as VAT. In April, the high court allowed the sales tax department to collect the VAT. Sales tax commissioner Sanjay Bhatia said since Monday, the department's investigation branch had raided the premises of the builders.A source said so far, tax liability of over Rs 20 crore was detected. \"Offenders could face jail terms of up to six months and fines of up to 100 times the tax amount,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15300710", "title": "2 women get life imprisonment for killing daughter-in-law", "text": "Garhwa: Two women accused of killing another woman by setting her on fire after pouring kerosene on her have been awarded life imprisonment by the court of principal district and sessions judge. Principal district and session judge Shiv Narayan Singh awarded life term to Girija Devi and Sarita Devi for killing Indu Devi, daughter in-law of Girija Devi, by pouring kerosene on her body. The court also slapped Rs 5000 fine on each of them, sources said. The incident had taken place on May 22, 2007. The victim Indu Devi had later died in the hospital during treatment.In another case, district and sessions judge Sheopujan Tiwari awarded 10 years rigorous imprisonment to Lakhan Dongo, bodyguard of a former RJD MLA Giri Nath Singh, in an attempt to murder case. The judge also imposed Rs 25,000 fine on Dongo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15300158", "title": "From today, 9.5 hrs power cut in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: It seems that there is some communication gap between the minister of state for energy Rajendra Mulak and the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL). On Saturday, Mulak had assured in a press conference that he would hold a review meeting with the MSEDCL officials and examine the feasibility of making the city free from load-shedding from August 1. But in a twist to the tale, the MSEDCL officials have announced more load-shedding - from 5.5 hours to 9.5 hours - daily from August 1.Mulak had announced that Darwha, Pusad and Umarkhed tehsils of the district would also be brought under load-shedding free zone in a phased manner beginning with Darwha from Monday onwards.Deputy executive engineer of Yavatmal urban division, Ashok Kanoje said, \"MSEDCL would increase load-shedding period in the city from August 1.\" As per the new schedule, the city would be forced to face load-shedding of 2.75 hours each in the morning and afternoon and further four hours from 6pm to 10pm in the night daily.Heavy transmission loss and low recovery of electricity bill dues is the reason being given for the increase in the period of load-shedding.\"We had set a target of Rs5.53 crore but could recover only Rs4.4 crore,\" Ashok Kanoje said, adding that in the slum areas like Patipura, Indira Nagar, Phukat Nagar and the nearby areas there is heavy transmission loss of 40 per cent and the recovery of dues is almost negligible.Another reason for transmission loss and low recovery of dues is shortage of staff. There are only 60 linemen and seven officers where as the actual need is of 120 linemen to cater to the needs of over 60,000 consumers. \"Darwha will not have load-shedding from Monday onwards,\" he added.He also said that the proposal to enhance load-shedding can be reversed for the feeder from where the transmission loss is less and recovery of dues satisfactory.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302341", "title": "Rare paintings threatened by seepage in Bharat Bhawan", "text": "BHOPAL: Rare collections of paintings by noted artists housed in the world famous multi-arts complex, Bharat Bhawan, here are threatened by seepage of monsoon water into the Roopankar (museum of fine arts). The museum has thousands of paintings by artists like M F Hussain, J Swaminathan and S H Raza.With monsoon on course in Madhya Pradesh , water has started seeping in the multi-arts complex. Repair work to plug the seepage undertaken during the last two years has failed to yield desired results.\"It is disheartening to learn that the roof of the complex is leaking once again. No doubt the collection it holds is priceless and so is the historic value of the complex,\" said Bharat Bhawan trust chairman and eminent Indian classical vocalist Pandit Jasraj talking to TOI over phone. \"If need be I would personally come and get it fixed,\" he added.About two years ago, the capital project administration (CPA) was given the task to stop the water leakage in various sections of the multi-arts complex. After spending approximately Rs 50 lakh, two monsoons' later the seepage continues.CPA executive engineer (division 1) Deepkumar Jain said, \"Our interventions have worked in many sections but I haven't seen the current problem.\"Interestingly, Bharat Bhawan chief administrative officer Tarun Bhatnagar said that the CPA did not respond to a request for a 'pre-monsoon check'. \"It is up to the CPA to take necessary action to stop the leakage. From my side there is no negative impact on the art collections,\" said Bhatnagar.Designed by Charles Correa, the arts complex completed 30 years in February this year. Bharat Bhawan, which took the 1980's art scene by storm is credited with redefining tribal and folk art as contemporary. Off late it has struggled for an identity caught in the turbulence over ideological differences and other issues.Experts point out that cracks developed cannot be easily identified and a comprehensive solution should be found. Besides standard water proofing measures, the CPA had suggested other interventions as well, which were not undertaken, ostensibly to keep the aesthetics of the complex intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15301830", "title": "Passengers remain stranded as train services hit hard", "text": "PATNA: Movement of trains in Danapur division was badly hit following a major breakdown in the eastern power grid. About 45 passenger trains remained stranded at different stations.According to Danapur DRM LM Jha, railways dispatched several pairs of diesel locomotives to pull stranded trains from block line to main stations so that passengers could get drinking water and eatables. Railway reservation and signalling systems were completely paralysed. \"Railways hired generators from local market to ensure power supply to major stations and vital railway installations,\" he said, adding railways would reschedule departure of a few trains originating from Patna Junction after midnight.According to Danapur rail division PRO, R K Singh, while Magadh express (2402) was stranded at Dumraon from 1pm, Katihar Intercity (5713) was stationed at Patna Saheb. Similarly, Bhagalpur-Mumbai Express (2335), Sealdah-Varanasi Express (3133), Puri-Patna Express (8449), Vikramshila Express (2367), Purva Express (2308), Archana Express and Mumbai-Patna Lokmanya Tilak Express remained stranded at different stations, he said.The Mughalsarai and Dhanbad divisions were the worst hit. This was the first time that train traffic in Bihar was totally paralysed for such a long period, an ECR official said.However, Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport, Patna was least affected. \"There is no need to panic as the Patna airport has sufficient power backup for a day,\" said Arvind Dubey, the airport director.But the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park was remained in dark till late in the evening. \"There is an inverter connection for the snake house and the rest house,\" said Abhay Kumar, the zoo director.The power failure, however, did not have much impact on the functioning of PMCH and NMCH. But it hit the examinees of 1st year MBBS physiology at PMCH. HoD, Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad said special modules were prepared without use of electricity so that experiments could be performed. Hospital sources said operations were performed as per schedule though emergency ward was partially affected.NMCH superintendent Dr S K Prasad said scheduled operations were performed on Tuesday with the help of generators. But the drinking water supply to the hospital was hit.ANMMCH superintendent Dr Sita Ram said the crisis had a minimal impact on hospital functioning. Gaya civil surgeon Dr KB Prasad Singh was not even aware of any such crisis till 7pm.But there was a chaos at the Gaya railway station. According to rail area manager B Jha, efforts were being made to run some passenger trains from Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15306542", "title": "CMAT to be held from September 27", "text": "MUMBAI: The second edition of the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) for admissions to all management courses in the country will be conducted from September 27 to October 1, 2012.Registrations for the exam will start from August 3. This year, the window period for appearing for the exams has been reduced from eight slots to five slots. Instead, the number of exam centres has been increased to 64 to include all students. Last year, the test was conducted across 61 centres in the country. The final results are scheduled to be declared by October 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301307", "title": "Dirty toilets raise stink for Nagpur University bosses", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after used condoms were found in Nagpur University's dity toilets, statutory body members slammed vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal and registrar Mahesh Yenkie for neglecting basic works. They asked the duo to make rounds of buildings than keep sitting in their posh chambers. NU PRO Prashant Mohite said action would be taken against cleaning staff but refused to spell out details.\"In fact, all NU campuses are in bad shape but no one cares. The top brass must understand the importance of basic hygiene,\" said senate member Mohan Bajpayee. He pointed out NU VC should have spent Rs16 lakh spent on his luxury car on renovation and repair of foul-smelling toilets. \"The toilets are used by over 100 persons everyday while the car is used by only one person,\" Bajpayee added.Medicine faculty dean Pramod Yeole said, \"even department buildings and hostels are in a bad shape. Instead of spending on own luxury, they should spend something on staff amenities,\" he said. Another Senate member Prakash Gedam said VC should own the responsibility of Rs6.24 crore sanctioned in the budget on maintenance not being spent. \"One can't enter hostel toilets as have not been cleaned since years. When students are paying for it they should be provided with basic facilities,\" he said.He added the VC and registrar should conduct surprise checks and also visit toilets used by the staff members, instead of providing lame excuses that Class IV workers were not doing their job. \"If they are not doing their job, what are you doing,\" he asked the VC.Management Council member Mahendra Nimbarte defended NU authorities saying necessary steps would be taken. \"It's certainly a bad thing, but we have made provisions in this year's budget. We expect the toilets, hostel premises and campus to be revamped shortly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306936", "title": "It's not an easy way for Ayodhyapuram !", "text": "The film unit of 'Karnataka Ayodhyepuram' had to run away from a Muslim colony - Gowripalya in Bangalore because of the objection raised by a stranger for the particular shot of Hindu boy taking away Burkha wearing Muslim girl. Rakesh and Nayana as Hindu boy and Muslim girl were shocked with the objection and had to speed the vehicle that was out of reach of the camera placed for the shooting.In an half an hour time the entire team of 'Karnataka Ayodhyepuram' vacated the place sensing danger. What is the objection raised by the youth? A Hindu boy taking Burkha clad girl in his bike gives a wrong signal to our community stated the youth - this objection spread immediately. As a result the film unit also had to pack up from the location.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307999", "title": "Halfgaan-i-stan postponed", "text": "Dev starrer \"Halfgaan-i-stan\", directed by Rangan Chakraborty, has been put on the back burner. Dev was supposed to play Goopy in the  film, while Rahul was roped in for the role of Bagha.This is the second film after Srijit Mukherji's \" Kakababu\" to have been postponed. A major part of the film was supposed to be shot in Ladakh. Says producer Rana Sarkar, \"We were planning to wrap up the shoot in 40-45 days, but now it seems we'll need a minimum of 60-65 days. So, the dates of Dev, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Rahul and other actors have to be worked out again. This musical is on a large scale, so we need more time for pre-production. The film will go on the floors after a few months,\" said Rana. What about the news that there has been a tiff between the producer and the director? \"Rubbish,\" said Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299740", "title": "\u2018Rains may continue for next 2 days\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the city has seen scanty rainfall this season, weather bureau officials said there might still be time enough for the monsoon to just about reach its normal mark. On an average, Colaba sees 2,319mm rainfall in the monsoon season that runs from June to September, while Santa Cruz gets 2,670mm. \"There have been no significant systems over the Konkan coast. Even the offshore trough, which runs from Konkan to Kerala coasts, has not been strong enough for a long stretch. All these reasons together are responsible for lack of rainfall over the city,\" N Y Apte of IMD said.Tuesday's rains that were accompanied by gusty winds were not because of any particular system. \"There has been some strengthening of winds, because of which the city is witnessing these showers. However, it is not likely to last more than a day or two,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD. The met department predicted occasional spells of rain or thundershowers in city and suburbs with heavy rainfall in some areas for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "15302065", "title": "87 FIRs against IAY scamsters", "text": "ARARIA: Close on the heels of bubbles being pricked in the Dehti PACS ( Primary Agriculture Co-operative Society ) scam, in which crores were siphoned off involving ex-DMs and DDCs among others, the spotlight has now turned on the Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) fund embezzlement in scam-tainted Araria district.Incredible, though it may sound, as many as 87 FIRs were lodged against IAY scamsters between 2009 and June 2012 in the district. Altogether, 445 persons were mentioned as accused in the FIRs, including BDOs, pramukhs, mukhiyas, muscle-flexing middlemen and white collared politicians, police said.While 16 FIRs were lodged during the year 2009, 55 and 12 cases were filed in the following years 2010, and 2011. Four cases were lodged this year, police said.Of these, as many as 279 persons, who allegedly siphoned off and gobbled the IAY funds were arrested, and are now cooling their heels inside the jails in the district of Araria. Many of the remaining accused enjoying enormous political clout and access to higher echelons in the political and bureaucratic arena, have either managed to get anticipatory bails or are simply cocking snook at the authorities and are absconding , police sources said.The police station-wise break-up of the FIRs are as follows: Raniganj (7), Bhargama (5), Forbesganj (12), Narpatganj (3) and Jogbani (1) in Forbesganj sub-division in Araria district, and Sikti (9), Palasi (5), Araria (13), Jokihat (21) and Kursakata (1) in Araria sub-division in the district of Araria, police said.Of the 279 accused charged with gobbling up IAY funds, as many as 57 were hauled up and arrested during the last six months in the year 2012 alone, police said.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, in an inter-action with TOI on Tuesday disclosed the police have already submitted chargesheets in as many as 28 out of the 87 cases which include the BDOs, pramukhs, mukhiyas and middlemen. All these cases were forwarded for speedy trial as well, he asserted.Meanwhile, the scam-tainted Araria district earned huge opprobrium when it could not fall in line with other districts and organized the much-trumpeted 'mega camp' for the distribution of passbooks for IAY beneficiaries on July 28, due to non-allocation of funds from the Centre in the wake of burgeoning scams across the district. Araria is the only district across the state where such mega camp could not be organized, sources said.Araria district magistrate M.Saravanan has, in the meantime, been tipped-off by some top state bureaucrats to personally write to the Centre for allocation of IAY funds to the district, according to sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300540", "title": "Fake FDA inspector nabbed for extortion", "text": "NAGPUR: Fearing strict action against extortionists after the blast at Ganeshpeth, miscreants seem to have turned to new ways of extorting money from businessmen. On Tuesday, Kotwali police arrested 46-year-old Rajkumar Mishra for threatening a businessman and demanding bribes by introducing himself as a FDA inspector. Immediate action by the complainant Manish Deshmukh landed Mishra in the cop's net.Deskmukh (39) owns a home products shop at his residence at Chitaroli in Kotwali jurisdiction. According to Deshmukh's complaint, he had been receiving calls from last one month to pay extortion amount of Rs15,000. The caller would introduce himself as FDA inspector Deshpande and threaten to file a false complaint if he was not paid money.Police said Deshmukh many times asked the caller his address but was abused. On Monday, Deshmukh had gone to the FDA office to enquire about the caller. Interestingly, the FDA department has two officers named Deshpande, but none of them had called him.Later, as per the advice given by cops, Deshmukh agreed to pay the caller and called him to his residence on Tuesday afternoon, where the police had already set a trap. As soon as Mishra took the cash, police nabbed him.On investigation, cops learnt that Mishra had extorted money from many businessmen in the city in the guise of an FDA inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15302796", "title": "Lokayukta raids on engineer yield property worth more than Rs 10 crore", "text": "UJJAIN: The Lokayukta team (Special Establishment Police) on Tuesday raided premises of Ujjain Development Authority ( UDA) executive engineer Hukumsingh Patidar and unearthed assets worth between Rs 10 crore and Rs 15 crore. The raid, which began early morning, was simultaneously conducted on Ujjain Kshirsagar House and in Chitarkhedi village, about 30 kms from here.DSP (Lokayukta) O P Sagoria said the activities of Patidar were being watched for the last six months. The raids also yielded a number of documents which showed that the executive engineer had amassed huge properties either in his name or in the name of his relatives.SP (Lokayukta) Arun Mishra said Patidar was transferred to Gwalior sometime back, but he refused to take the transfer. Interestingly, he had not even taken his salary for the last two years.\"Despite this, he continued living an extravagant life. This had created doubt in Lokayukta officials' mind,\" said the SP.Patidar reportedly drove a petrol car from Chitarkhedi to office covering a distance of 30 kms a side daily. As per an estimate, Patidar had joined the government service in 1986 and since then, he could have saved maximum Rs 18 lakh. Hukumsingh is the only son of ex-chairman of District Congress Committee late Mansigh Patidar of Chitarkhedi.DSP Sagoria said Ujjain Lokayukta has been getting regular complaints against the corrupt people and also those demanding bribe. In the last six months, the Lokayukta has attended complaints and recovered assets disproportionate to known sources of income to the tune of Rs 300 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302154", "title": "Court extends stay on local body tax", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay high court on Tuesday extended the stay on the state government's decision to introduce local body tax (LBT) within the limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) until August 9 which is also the scheduled date for the the next hearing.The petition filed by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Gulzar Kokani and Sena opposition leader in the NMC Sudhakar Badgujar, against the state government's decision to introduce local body tax (LBT) as a substitute for octroi in Nashik, was heardd on July 31 in the Bombay High Court.In its order, the bench of high court judges, Mrudula Bhatkar and S S Bobade, stayed the state's decision to of introduce LBT in the city. Earlier, both MNS and Shiv Sena filed separate petitions in the High court. But both petitions were clubbed as one as both petitions highlighted the same points.\"As per rules, any new tax system must be announced by February 20, before the commencement of the new financial year and the municipal commissioner must publicly announce the new tax rates and get it passed at a special general body meeting. But the state government has not resorted to any such procedure,\" said the MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani.Badgujar explained why the introduction of LBT could hamper the financial situatin of the NMC. \"The revenue collected through sales tax from Nashik district is around Rs 1,100 crore, including Rs 800 crore from Nashik city. Sales tax is collected in four slabs 5% , 12%, 20% and 25%. At this rate, revenue of only Rs 299 crore will be collected through LBT within the limits of the NMC. The way the NMC administration is collecting octroi, it is expected to collect Rs 700 crore in the current financial year. The sudden introduction of LBT will affect the financial position of the NMC,\" Badgujar said.\"Moreover, the state government had cancelled octroi in some municipal councils in the state on May 1, 1999, and had started giving administrative grant to compensate the losses caused due to the cancellation of octroi. Since then, the state government has been giving annual administrative grant to these municipal councils, with 10% rise in the grant every year. But in Nashik, the state government cancelled octroi and introduced LBT as an alternative. Actually, we believe that the state government must have taken the same decision for Nashik, which they had taken with the other municipal councils in the year 1999,\" Badgujar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299174", "title": "\u2018Implement guidelines against sexual harassment in courts\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen years after it laid down guidelines to protect women against sexual harassment at workplace, women advocates on Tuesday appealed to the Supreme Court to examine implementing them at their workplace - the court premises.Pent-up frustration over the years against absence of any mechanism for their protection at workplace made the women lawyers seek intervention in an appeal filed by an advocate challenging his conviction by the Delhi High Court on contempt of court charges for allegedly behaving indecently and assaulting a lady colleague in a courtroom on January 13, 2012.When a bench of Justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Mishra adjourned hearing on the appeal to permit the contemnor to file reply to the victim's affidavit, senior advocate Indu Malhotra requested the bench to examine extending the protection of 1997 judgement in Vishaka case to women lawyers, who are proposing to file an application in this regard.In Vishaka judgment, the apex court had said, \"Each incident of sexual harassment of working women results in violation of fundamental rights of 'Gender Equality' and the 'Right to Life and Liberty'....One of the logical consequences of such incident is also the violation of the victim's fundamental rights under Article 19(1)(g) to practice any profession or to carry on any occupation, trade or business.\"The court had laid down guidelines and norms for observance at all workplaces and institutions saying it would stay in force till enactment of legislation. The guidelines are still in force as no legislation till date had been enacted by successive governments at the Centre.The High Court had taken serious note of the January 13 incident and sought an explanation from the advocate as to why he physically abused the woman lawyer. It even suggested recording of statement by the Joint Registrar in whose court the incident happened.But the contemnor categorically stated that there was no need of it as he was admitting the incident as reported by the lady lawyer. This led the HC convict him for contempt of court, sentence him to seven-day imprisonment and order debarment from practice in Delhi for three months.The contemnor appealed in the apex court saying he was condemned without a hearing in breach of principles of natural justice. \"The high court order was not based on any inquiry. The appellant was denied the opportunity of a fair trial as his unconditional apology was interpreted as admission of guilt,\" the contemnor said.The victim in her affidavit told the SC that \"the contemnor himself did not allow recording of statements because he was afraid that the truth would be recorded in black and white. The appellant herein was afraid that the independent persons who had narrated the incident in their own words would get the same reduced in writing and he would have to face full punishment under the IPC and other relevant Acts. To avoid this, the appellant herein came forward and admitted his guilt.\"But, the contemnor's advocate said heeding to the advice of senior members of the Delhi High Court Bar Association (DHCBA) to tender unconditional apology proved detrimental to him as he was punished for contempt of court, a charge of which the lady advocate was equally guilty of as she was the one who first assaulted him and he had reacted in reflex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300302", "title": "First leap towards a smart ride", "text": "KOLKATA: Move over the \"outdated\" tube journey. If every thing goes according to plans, you may board new state-of-the-art trains in the city itself. It's true that you have to wait at least till 2015 for the world-class experience. But then, the first step to make this dream come true has already been taken. A consortium of the Spanish CAF and the Japanese Melco ( Mitshubishi Electric Corporation) has just won the bid to manufacture the grand coaches for East-West Metro.TOI took a peek at the pride metro moment that Kolkatans, tired of ordeal of broken pavements and blocked roads that comes with the construction of this mammoth project, can look forward to. It's an inspirational bled of 21{+s}{+t} century engineering and technology, the exciting models reminding one of the Swiss railway system.The East-West project, which will bridge two of the city's most populous areas, will get its first 14 trains in November 2014 so that the operations can begin in March 2015. The cost - lowest among the other two bidders (a consortium of South Korean Rotom and Japan's Toyo Denki and another of Japan's Kawasaki, Toshiba and Mitshubishi) - stands at Rs 594 crore with an added expense of Rs 83 crore for spare parts. The state-of-the-art, stainless steel trains will cover almost 15 km, including the 5.74 km of viaduct (elevated corridor), speeding at 80 km an hour. This means a train starting from Howrah Maidan will reach the other end - Sector V in Salt Lake - in exactly 23 minutes.Apart from high speed, the service will boast of increased frequency. At peak hour, the frequency will be 2.5 minutes and during non-peak hour, it will be 5 minutes. The trains will run between 5 am and 11 pm with extended timings during festivals.The most interesting bit of this rolling stock to be manufactured by CAF-Melco is the introduction of reusable energy that is generated when a train applies brakes. When brakes of these trains will be applied, 234.2 kw/hr of energy will be trapped and regenerated after sending it to the grid. \"This way, more than half of the power emanated from the brake will be recycled. Till now, this energy has been wasted by conversion into heat. It's this technology among other characteristics that qualified CAF-Melco as the winner of the bid,\" said Subrata Gupta, MD, Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation Limited (KMRC).The consortium managed to bag the project after two international bids fell flat earlier. \"We were apprehensive about the third-time bid. We were elated when all three consortia qualified technically. That's when we opened the financial bid and CAF-Melco has emerged as the lowest bidder,\" said Gupta.The Rs 4,874 crore-project (60% of which will be borne by JICA) is the best thing to have happened to Kolkata's beleaguered transport sector in a long time. The accuracy of pulling into stations will be barely 30 seconds.The trains with 286 seats and a standing capacity of 1,782 will have platform screen doors to prevent accidents on tracks. There will be surveillance cameras at motormans' doors so that they get a complete view of the door position before starting the train. The spacious coaches will have no hindrances between bogeys like the existing ones. For instance, any one pushing a wheelchair can walk from the front to the rear without interruptions.Having completed the complex part of the project (selecting manufacturers for the trains), KMRC is already into the next major job: bidding for track-building. Six consortia have submitted their bids for the Rs 100-crore assignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307927", "title": "Mamata Banerjee &amp; Jeet Gannguli team up", "text": "He's the pied piper of Tollywood. And she loves marching to a different beat. Jeet Gannguli meeting CM Mamata Banerjee has always been music to our ears.More so, with the duo taking time out to discuss work... er music. Word has it that after initial dithering, the CM has agreed to work with the composer. On the cards is she penning the lyrics and also singing a youth anthem.Jeet, who met the CM last year at Town Hall for the 100-year celebrations of the national anthem, again bumped into her at the recently-held Uttam Kumar Awards. \"The proposal to compose a youth anthem came from the CM and Youth Affairs minister Arup Biswas. But I gave Didi a condition \u2014 only if she wrote the lyrics and sang the number would I set it to tune. Busy that she is, Mamatadi asked me: 'Samay kothay pabo bol toh?' But I have been unrelenting too. Didi has finally given her go-ahead. But I'm not too sure by what time the song will be ready,\" says Jeet.Meanwhile, the composer has started work on the number. \"Didi is very good with words and will pen the lyrics only after I have composed the song. For that, I need to be in Kolkata and sit with her with the number,\" he says. The message of the song hasn't been decided as yet and Jeet isn't sure whether to release it as a single or a full-length album. \"I have hundreds of songs to my credit, but am yet to cut an album. This collaboration with Didi will be my first album. It's of great importance to me,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302209", "title": "MDMK launches campaign today for metro rail facilities", "text": "COIMBATORE: The district unit of Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) will launch a fortnight long massive campaign from August 1 demanding metro rail facility for Coimbatore. Talking to TOI, MDMK district president V Easwaran said the campaign was essential because of the inordinate delay on the part of state government in pressing for metro railway facility for the city despite Urban Development Ministry's willingness to introduce the facility in tier-II cities with a population of over 20 lakh. The state government needs to approach the centre with a concrete proposal. Only then will the metro rail dream become a reality, he said.With the cotton city growing at a fast pace, intra-city transport facilities have become inadequate. The population influx into Coimbatore from other parts of western Tamil Nadu makes a metro rail network essential for comfortable travel within the city which has become a hub for education, health and industry. But the big challenge is to get the state government to rush its proposal through. The AIADMK government has made it clear it doesn't see metro rail as an option for Tamil Nadu,'' says Easwaran.Metro rail is the only effective means to manage crowds. The accident rate will come down once the metro rail becomes operational. Roads will become safer and employment opportunities will multiply,'' he pointed out.The campaign will cover the entire district and it will also raise issues like gauge conversion in Coimbatore-Trichy rail route and speeding up of gauge conversion works in the Pollachi-Podanur route. It will also press for speedy completion of all railway over-bridges in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303404", "title": "Grid fails again, Chandigarh groans", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The erratic power supply hit the healthcare sector once again on Tuesday. The OPD cards were made as grid collapse occurred in the afternoon and the patients in the ward who were bed-ridden were hopefully looking out of the window for rains to shower some relief. The hospital wards in PGI and Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32, were enveloped in darkness. No surgeries were affected as the back-up was in place. However, CT scan and MRIs in the Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, were non-functional and patients were asked to get the tests done from outside. \"We had to send back cases of CT scan as the machines conked off,\" said Dr Suman Setia, department of radiology, GMH.Also fee counters were partially hit as electricity went off early in the afternoon. \"I was unable to submit fees because of power disruption. Yesterday, too, I had to return following the power disruption,\" said Sita Ram from Yamunanagar, who had been lining up the OPD to deposit his test fee in PGI for kidney tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300373", "title": "Bukhari attacks Azam Khan again, seeks his ouster", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid Maulana Ahmed Bukhari on Tuesday again took on state minister Azam Khan by demanding Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to sack him from Akhilesh ministry.Bukhari is reportedly miffed over the reinstatement of Azam Khan as the minister in charge of Meerut. The charge was taken away from Azam apparently at Bukhari's behest.\"Removing Azam Khan is the only way by which the SP can think of winning 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" Bukhari said. Azam refused to comment on the Shahi Imam's demand.Bukhari also accused Azam of misbehaving with some religious heads while visiting Meerut recently. \"I insist that Mulayam Singh must immediately relieve Azam of the charge of ministries associated with minority issues and Muslim affairs, before it is too late,\" the Shahi Imam said.Azam is minister in charge of Meerut, Ghaziabad and Muzaffarnagar. Last week, the Meerut charge was taken away from him. A miffed Azam had then shot a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and offered to quit from all posts. But as the news spread , Mulayam directed that Azam be reinstated as Meerut in charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302658", "title": "Modi trying to woo tribals in 12 districts", "text": "VADODARA: Gearing up for assembly polls, the Narendra Modi government desperate to woo the seemingly disinterested sections of tribals to avoid a repeat of 2007 poll reverses.The state government is unleashing a techno-razzmatazz in 12 tribal-dominated districts. At least 12 publicity vans will propagate welfare schemes for the tribals over the next one month, starting today.BJP had lost 12 out of 26 seats in the tribal dominated areas of Dahod, Panchmahals and Vadodara districts in 2007. The information department is apparently on an overdrive to \"convince\" tribals that the chief minister is \"holding no grudge against them for the loss of face in 2007, and has rather tried to redress their misgivings, if any\" by launching all those schemes, government sources said.The LED vans, which have been sourced from Mumbai, has a 20-feet wide LCD screen that can be viewed at any time during day or night. Apart from the content of the documentary- where the voice over has been provided by RJs and folk songs by tribals - the van itself is expected to draw a lot of interest.One van is scheduled to cover at least eight villages in a day, stopping at village haats and fairs to show a 45-minute documentary extolling the performance of Modi government.In Vadodara, the publicity drive would be launched from Chhota Udepur's Rangpur village at the village haat today.\"We would be covering nearly 200 villages in Sabarkantha, Banaskantha, Panchmahals, Vadodara, Dahod, Narmada, Bharuch, Surat, Tapi,Valsad, Navsari and Dang in August,\" said an information department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15291522", "title": "Raaz 3 shows fear of falling from stardom: Mahesh Bhatt", "text": "Looking forward to the release of 'Raaz 3', filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt says the movie dares to touch the fear of falling down from heights of success.\"Every artist is haunted by the fear which follows him. When he reaches stardom, he gets scared of losing it all. He wants to always be at that height. We are all prisoners of fame. 'Raaz 3' dares to touch this fear which entertainers live with,\" he said.Set to release on September 7, the movie is the third installment in 'Raaz' series after 'Raaz - The mystery continues' (2009) and 'Raaz' (2002, with Bipasha playing the role of an actress whose career is on a downfall.Calling the film a dangerous cocktail, producer Mahesh Bhatt, said, \"The film may not seem realist, but has been sourced out from the heart.The first trailer of Vikram Bhatt's directorial venture 'Raaz 3' was held in a spooky ambience as the cast of the film, Emraan Hashmi recited a dialogue and Bipasha Basu made an entry tearing the poster.This romantic-horror film marks the comeback of Bipasha with Bhatt camp and 'Raaz' series. The dusky beauty will be seen portraying emotions of revenge and jealousy in the third part of the film.\"We all go through struggle but we choose not to show it. But it is important to address it at times and connect. This is why I agreed to do this character,\" Bipasha said.\"Initially on the sets of the film, I was lost because the scenes were so intense. I did not know how to reach the character. I haven't allowed myself to feel this way ever. But I had to let it go and finally I did,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303102", "title": "A day out for 30-odd special children", "text": "INDORE: \"I had a great time watching this 4D movie, specially the dinosaur, but the best part of it all was the car ride\" said an excited Manu Gaur,11, in a sign language to his teacher. Manu is a student of Government Blind and Deaf higher secondary school, Pardeshipura.Manu was at a Storm 4D theatre, enjoying with thirty more other students. All the students present there suffered from hearing impairment. The event was organised by We for You, a registered NGO from the city. Umesh Singhania, chairman We for You said \"As these children can't hear, hence are not able to enjoy regular movies. Me and my friends at the NGO thought of the 4D theatre, we thought that this will be a different experience for these children, and a good stimulation for their other senses.\" Singhania and other like-minded businessmen from Indore had come to together to add colour to the life of the special children. The theatre hosted the screening free of cost for the children.Vijendra Singh Mourya, manager of the theatre said \"We wanted to support the cause so we did not charge the NGO that organised this.\" Mourya who was also seen participating actively with the NGO members also added \"we here at Storm have total twelve effects that does the sensory stimulation, and it can help these children in their learning process.\"Jyotsana Bhatia, secretary We for You was there with her husband Mndeep Bhatia Co- Chairman of the same. \"We at our NGO do charity events, and use the raised funds for the educational purpose of under-privileged children. This is the first time we have brought these children to watch a 4D movie, but we feel nothing could have been more appropriate for entertainment and learning simultaneously.\" Said the couple in chorus.However the children seemed to have enjoyed the experience thoroughly, seven year old Tanu Patidar who was the youngest of the lot was partially thrilled and partially scared after the show signed her teacher saying \"I am scared now, but also want to watch the movie again\" Sanjay Gujrati 12, told her teacher in excitement \"I did not get scared at all, can I watch one more show\".A teacher of the Government Blind and Deaf higher secondary school said, \"Such experiences matter a lot for the children and, it is a good change for them from their regular studies, also children show more enthusiasm for their studies and school after they are exposed to such novelties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299881", "title": "'Switch from parliamentary to presidential system'", "text": "BANGALORE: Shashi Tharoor was in the city on Tuesday for the launch of his latest book. Excerpts from an interview:While India is poised to play a prominent role globally, we're facing many crises at home. Shouldn't we attend to our domestic problems first?We should use our foreign policy to promote domestic transformation in India. Foreign policy is not only for diplomats but a direct instrument to promote security and well-being of Indians. Foreign policy has to attend to our relationships with countries that are sources of investments and trade, energy security, food security.Coalition politics have prevented the government from taking many bold steps to reform the economy. What's the solution?Coalition politics has been a challenge. I've been negative about the workings of our parliamentary system and often argued for a switch to the presidential system. The parliamentary system requires much more focus on politics, process, staying in power and keeping various allies happy. The presidential system is more focused on performance. But we know it's not going to happen overnight. We have to make things work within our system.You had suggested a parliamentary session in Bangalore...Though the physical institution of the Parliament is in New Delhi, it belongs to the whole nation. It'd be a wonderful demonstration of democracy at work to take it to different parts of the country and show the people how the Parliament functions. I mentioned Bangalore because it has the facility to seat both Houses. These sessions should be short, say for two weeks.What's your vision on Indian's foreign policy?The time has come to move beyond non-alignment, towards multi-alignment. The metaphor I like is a world wide web where we have increasing networked relationships with different partners for different purposes and for different configurations.How do you see India's relationship with China and Pakistan in the next decade?Our relationship with Pakistan is gradually improving. There's a prospect for increasing trade. When Pakistani businesses discover the Indian market and make serious money from it, they'll become a peace constituency. And the next time ISI wants to try something funny, there'll be many Pakistani capitalists who will oppose it. With China, trade is growing enormously. We have an unresolved border dispute and we can't be complacent. We must never contemplate a situation where any side will use a military option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300300", "title": "Shapoor Mistry-CM meet on infra projects", "text": "KOLKATA: Shapoor Mistry, CMD of the $2.5 billion Shapoorji Pallonji Group and the elder brother of Tata Group chairman elect Cyrus P Mistry, will meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday.Shapoorji Pallonji has joined hands with Singapore-based Universal Success (USEL) of Prasoon Mukherjee for pursuing infrastructure projects in Bengal. This has assumed significance because Shapoorji Pallonji is the single largest shareholder of Tata Sons with 18% stake, the holding company of the Tata empire. It will be the first visit of Shapoor to Kolkata after he took over as the CMD and the first during the new regime.The Mumbai-based business conglomerate has interests in construction, real estate, textiles, engineering goods, home appliances, shipping, publications, power, and biotechnology. It was headed by Pallonji Mistry until 2012, when he announced his retirement and his son Shapoor Mistry took over. Shapoorji Pallonji is considered as \"one of India's most valuable private enterprises\". The group has only one listed company, Forbes &amp; Company.It has been learnt that Shapoor Mistry will give specific proposals about some infrastructure projects in the state. \"The Bengal government has worked hard quietly and efficiently in the last 14 months to lay a strong foundation for industry. Now, you will start seeing big results,\" said MP Derek O'Brien.The group has infrastructure firms like Afcon Infra, SP Infra and others. SP Infrastructure has presence in ports, power plants, highways, tollways, while Afcon specialized in marine, roads, bridges etc.The group had built the Brabourne stadium in Mumbai and the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in Delhi. The Mumbai Central Railway station and Asia's premier stock exchange BSE were also built by them. The financial capital of India BSE was built by this conglomerate. In recent years, it has built the Barakhamba Under-ground Station in Delhi and Providence Stadium in Guyana . In 2010, it had built India's tallest building, The Imperial, a residential tower in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300861", "title": "Eye on Bhubaneswar sweepers starts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has done away with manual monitoring of sanitation delivery. Giving the process a hi-tech touch , the corporation on Tuesday made operational the 'mobile governance project' where sanitation workers and sweepers will be under CCTV surveillance. \"The project will improve delivery of sanitation services in the city,\" BMC's outgoing commissioner Vishal Kumar Dev said. The project will be formally inaugurated on Wednesday along with a special hygiene drive.BMC has appointed a private firm to keep a hawk's eye on sanitation workers playing truant. The firm will capture the footage of them at work on cellphone to ensure that they do not shirk their duties. The cellphones capture will have date and time as well as the location mentioned alongside. The pictures will be uploaded to a central server at the BMC office.\"We are planning to develop a software through which people of various wards can verify the status of cleaning activities. They can find out if garbage has been cleared from their localities or not,\" BMC deputy commissioner Krushna Chandra Pati said. The civic body is also set to introduce online monitoring of various services - including sanitation, streetlights, hygiene at parks - by visiting www.bmc.gov.in.Browsers can see the positioning of garbage bins and know whether they have been cleaned in all the 60 wards. \"People can get three types of reports - statistical, GIS-based and images-based reports - by clicking the 'garbage bin' module,\" said a BMC officer. \"Similarly, people can get updated feedbacks about attendance of BMC sweepers,\" he said. While online information related to garbage bins and sweeper attendance would be available for the time being, data about other areas like streetlight, parks, vehicle-tracking and entomology will be online too. \"People can read about steps taken by BMC to prevent diseases caused by insects in the entomology section,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15301073", "title": "Train hits teen taking photo of friend\u2019s stunt on track", "text": "GURGAON: A 14-year-old boy died after a moving train hit him while he was clicking photographs of one of his friends performing a stunt on the Delhi-Jaipur railway tracks between Gurgaon and Garhi Harsaru stations late on Monday evening.Railway police identified the victim as Neel Chutani, a resident of Sector 7 Extension and a Class X student of Blue Bells School in Sector 4, Gurgaon. His father, Ramesh Chandra Chutani, works as an engineer at the CPWD office in Delhi.Police said the victim was unaware that a train was coming towards him. \"While his friends moved away from the track, Neel was busy recording the stunt and died at the spot. The mobile phone recovered from the body has a picture of one of the victim's friends, sitting on the track,\" said ASI Mahaveer Singh, the investigator.Around 6pm on Monday, Neel left his house to go for tuition classes. After the class, he and his friends left for the railway tracks, near Sector 9, around 7.40pm, to perform a stunt there. The challenge was to sit on the tracks and wait for a train to come near them, and run away with a minute to spare.While Neel's three friends who were sitting on the track managed to escape, Neel, who was recording the entire stunt, was not so lucky. Railway police informed his family about the incident around 8pm.\"We have identified the victim's friends from the photographs found in the phone and will question them soon,\" said Jaiveer Singh, in-charge of railway police chowki, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303271", "title": "Govt urged to stop raids on multiplexes", "text": "INDORE: Terming the raids by the commercial taxes department on four city-based multiplexes last week as illegal, Central Circuit Cine Association (CCCA), an industry body, has urged the state government to immediately stop raids on multiplexes.The association has also warned that if the commercial tax department continues with such actions and harass the investors, it would discourage the investors on all fronts in the state.The CCCA held a meeting in the city on Monday to prepare further course of action following the raids on the multiplexes namely PVR, Velocity, Adlabs and Inox. It passed a resolution at the meeting against the raids, said sources. The association's move assumes significance in the wake of the state government's ongoing efforts to ensure the success of the forthcoming Global Investors' Summit in October this year in Indore.Post commercial taxes department's raid on the premises of four city-based multiplexes last week, a demand notice amounting to Rs 24.16 crore was slapped on them.However, the department is firm on its stand. Earlier, talking to ToI, Sunil Mishra, deputy commissioner, enforcement, commercial taxes department, said that there was no question of going back on the drive and the department would continue to conduct such raids in other parts of the state too, whenever it finds similar kind of tax evasion by the multiplexes.Following the raids on PVR, Velocity, Adlabs and Inox, other multiplexes, which have their presence in the city and were not affected by the recent raids, have also alerted their head offices about the development.Ashish Kansal, unit manager, Satyam, said that he intimated about the raids on the multiplexes to his corporate office. However he refused to divulge the details.Jitendra Jain, general secretary, CCCA, said, \"Any unjust action on the industry can't be tolerated and we are with the multiplex owners on the issue. However, it is up to them how to take up the issue in future.\"The state government in October 2001 formulated a multiplex policy for construction and promotion of multiplexes by providing certain incentives. The policy states that the multiplexes with minimum investment of Rs 3 crore shall be entitled for exemption from payment of entertainment duty for a period up to five years out of which for the first three years, exemption shall be 100%, in the fourth year 75% and in the fifth year 50%.The state government also put certain terms and conditions in this connection, some of which include the multiplex should consist of minimum three screens, video game arcade, fast food, restaurant, amusement park for kids with facilities and parking space. On completion of all the construction and formalities required under the policy, the multiplexes were granted exemption from payment of entertainment duty, said Jain.The multiplexes that have come up in Indore during the past five years or so, have complied with all the required legal formalities to become eligible for the grant of exemption from payment of entertainment duty, claims CCCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "15300299", "title": "Emergency power rescues 200 miners in Burdwan", "text": "ASANSOL: On a day when power was a premium, it was but a stroke of luck - and extreme persuasion that Burdwan district magistrate Onkar Singh Meena on Tuesday afternoon could manage 10MW power from Dishergarh Power Supply Corporation (DPSC). By then, almost everyone - including Meena's bosses at Writers' Building - were fast losing hope for the 200-odd miners still trapped in the four deep collieries of Eastern Coalfields Limited (ECL).The effort proved to be a lifesaver as the power was barely enough to lift up the last remaining miners at 5.30pm. Even hours before, it wasn't anyone but chief minister Mamata Banerjee who spelt out the administration's anxiety over the miners. \"We are trying to rescue the coal miners. All efforts are on to resume power supplies. You need power supplies to run the lifts in the underground mines,\" Mamata said, adding there were \"hundreds\" of miners trapped in Burdwan, which is about 180 km (110 miles) northwest of Kolkata., where mines are operated by the government-owned Eastern Coalfields LtdThese 200 miners were trapped for nearly four-and-a-half hours at Sodepur number three, Chinakuri number one, Satgram and Chapui Khas collieries, all deep underground ECL mines, after the sudden failure of power transmission of the eastern power grid. The coal miners were working in first shift duty in West Bengal and Jharkhand. Talking to the TOI, Niladri Roy , technical secretary to CMD of ECL, said that all these four collieries are very deep and lifts operate on electricity. \"In other mines, the miners have come up by walking on like inclines and open cast mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299948", "title": "Chicken pox scare: National Law School classes off for 8 days", "text": "BANGALORE: The National Law School of India University (NLSIU) has called off classes for around 10 days due to a chicken pox scare on the campus.The law school had three chicken pox cases confirmed from a single hostel block recently. Students were quarantined and shifted to the health centre. Soon after, the authorities decided to suspend classes for eight days so as to prevent any further outbreak.Fumigation is now underway on the campus. \"It was a pre-emptive measure that we have taken. Chicken pox is an airborne disease and we did not want to take a chance at all. It can spread faster for youths between 18 and 31 years. Many parents also expressed concern. The classes have been suspended till August 8,\" said R Venkat Rao, vice-chancellor, NLSIU.He also added that the classes have been arranged in such a way that the academic schedule will not be affected by this short break at all. \"Both the physical and academic schedule have been taken care of,\" he said.Students have been asked to vacate hostels till the college reopens. \"Except for foreign nationals and students from distant places, all students have been sent off. The others have been provided alternate arrangements in training centres,\" he said.Meanwhile, the institute will have their convocation on August 5 at Christ University Auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15299198", "title": "Kalyan molestation: 1 more held", "text": "KALYAN: The Kolsewadi police on Tuesday arrested Bharat Gharat (28) who along with his friend Sumit Patil (20) had molested a 20-year-old girl and tried to tear off her clothes on Sunday in Kalyan.Bharat was arrested from Netivali after the police were tipped off that he was going to come there. The two accused allegedly committed the crime on Sunday night at Lokdhara society in Kalyan, when the victim, along with her minor sister and friend, was on her way back from Thane. Patil was soon nabbed but Gharat managed to escape.On Tuesday, Patil was produced in a Kalyan court and released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15301923", "title": "Youth found dead near lover's house", "text": "MYSORE: A 24-year-old man was found dead in mysterious circumstances in Mysore on Tuesday.The deceased is Shivakumar, a resident of Vidyaranyapuram.His mother Makamma has filed a complaint against a girl with whom Shivakumar was allegedly in love, and her mother accusing them of being responsible for Shivakumar's death.Makamma alleged that her son was poisoned by her 18-year-old neighbour.Shivakumar was working as a security guard at a KSRTC depot in Mysore. According to police, Shivakumar consumed sweet-laced toxic substance in front of the girl's house.He died on the way to the hospital nearby", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15301121", "title": "\u2018Illegal quarrying in Madurai may have cost govt Rs 16,000 crore\u2019", "text": "MADURAI: In a damning report, former Madurai collector U Sagayam has said the government exchequer may have suffered a loss of 16,338 crore over the years due to illegal granite quarrying in Madurai.In the report sent to state industries secretary on May 19 this year, days before he was transferred from Madurai, Sagayam said the loss pertained to illegal quarrying at Keelavalavu, Keelayur, E Malampatti and Semminipatti villages in the district.Sagayam had named three granite firms, which he accused of illegal quarrying. He also charged that some government officials were hand-in-glove with the mining barons, facilitating illicit quarrying of granites. Sagayam feared that the loss could be much more and called for a scientific assessment of the quantity of granite quarried illegally from 94 quarries.Madurai collector Anshul Mishra said he had formed teams to inspect all the quarries in the district and submit a report to ascertain the allegations of illegal quarrying. \"If anyone was found to indulge in violation of law, they would not be spared of legal action. The teams would inspect the quarries and submit a report in ten days,\" he said.Sagayam's 13-page report said that during an inspection in three granite quarries on April 3 this year, granite to the tune of 1,824, 1,489 and 1,198 cubic metres were found to have been mined illegally. \"The three quarries alone had caused a loss of 58.38 lakh by way of licence fee to the government. The value of illegally quarried granite accounted for 13.52 crore while the penalty for non-payment of licence fee would account to 9.97 crore. Totally, the loss due to the three quarries alone was found to be 23.42 crore,\" he said in the report. The report is being released in the form of a booklet in Chennai on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15305361", "title": "India faces world's worst blackout, but power minister gets promotion", "text": "Moving Sushilkumar Shinde out of the power ministry now is like changing the captain of the Titanic when it's reeling after hitting a giant iceberg. The country is in the midst of an unprecedented power crisis. For two days in a row, the grid has collapsed. This doesn't cover Shinde with any glory. Yet he's promoted as home minister. Even if that's ignored, what's pertinent at this point of time is that Shinde is likely to have some clue about the power problem; a new minister - who will be holding additional charge of the portfolio - will possibly have none. So, what does the change indicate? The irrelevance of ministers? Never mind who's in charge, the net result is the same?Related story: Powerless and clueless: 684 million Indians without power", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15293275", "title": "Raksha Bandhan celebrations: Interesting gifting options", "text": "What kind of rakhis to choose, which gifts to offer and where to eat \u2014 here's everything you wanted to know to make this day specialFor some 'TLC'With health and wellness on everyone's mind, a spa voucher would be the perfect gift that your sibling would remember for a while. There are options galore in the market. We look at some interesting options that have many takers. Read on to find out more.Slimming treatment: You can lose up-to 15 inches with a combination of multiple therapy.Cost: ` 7500 for 12 to 15 sittings.Laser whitening and back polishing are other popular treatments for those looking to get a clearer and a glowing complexion during the festive season. While laser whitening helps lighten and tone your skin, back polishing helps to smoothen the skin in these areas.Cost ` 3,000 per sitting.Spa massages: top the list of gifts in the wellness section, as vouchers have become a convenient way to transact. As people increasingly look for ways to relax, a massage at a spa seems to be a good bet to unwind; hence it's finding takers with both siblings. Cost ` 1000 onwards for a one hour massage that also includes a dip in a jacuzzi at some places.Laser hair removal: are equally popular with women. Cost ` 15,000 onwards for around six sittingsBasic foot massage: For those looking to destress, a basic foot massage is easy on the pocket. What's more, look for great offers like a free back rubs or shoulder massages. Round it off with a refreshing cup of tea, and healthy fruits. This is your perfect chance for some 'me-time'.Cost ` 1,500 onwardsSentimental SMSes-It's a small thread that has travelled a long way. From pulling each other's leg... to growing into the best of friends... today is yet another milestone, on the journey of friendship and love. May this small thread bind us forever!-Rasmalai? Nope! Gulab Jamun? Nah! Let me see... How about jalebi? Nope! Damn! Still can't find anything as sweet as you. Happy Raksha Bandhan!-You never say no, you never say 'That's impossible!' And you never say you 'can't'. That's my bro... A superman who make things possible and paths smoother. I love you!-Sis, when the world goes dark, are the stars there? When the journey breaks up, is hope there? When the entire world has vanished... And you feel left all alone... Tilt your head and look beside you \u2014 Your brother is always beside you to shower love and affection on you forever!For the geekIt's tough picking out a gift for a geeky sibling. With friends and relatives, it's fairly simple to get away with a clueless shrug but you're expected to know and deliver when it comes to show your loved one you care.Well, the gadgets and gizmos listed here are a mix of snazzy conversation-starters, practical appliances and definitively stylish tech you can use on the go.The good thing is, using them doesn't require an in-depth knowledge of rocket science. From fancy phones to bluetooth, to iPods, to OTGs and hi-end cameras, there's a lot to choose from for tech-savvy siblings. You can order online or buy these from stores near you. Make sure you look out for great deals that are available.Take your pickTech bandsIf your brother spends most of his time in front of the computer, and stuck to his phone, these would be perfect rakhi options for himQuirky onesFrom traditional thalis to choclatey Ganeshas, Yuvraj Singh and Angry Birds, there are choices galore in the marketSuper rakhisIs your brother's powers any less than your favourite superheroes? Make him happy by gifting him these...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303383", "title": "Kids bitten by dog troop into MC house", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was protest of a different kind, that too in the municipal corporation house meeting. Four kids who had been bitten by a stray dog, took councillors by surprise on Tuesday as they turned up at the house with the intention of narrating their tale.The school-going kids who were bitten by a stray dog while returning from school on Monday are residents of Sector 38. They showed their wounds but the MC commissioner objected to the kids' presence in the house, which he said was meant for councillors.Though, the children were not allowed to speak in the house and even officials objected to councillor Arun Sood bringing the kids to the house, the fear of dog attack was writ large on the children's faces.When the kids entered the house, for a few minutes nobody could understand what was going on but when Sood explained that the kids were victims of dog attack and were bitten in his ward on Monday, the atmosphere turned emotional. \"When the dog pounced on me, it was very scary and I could not understand anything at that time. If the passersby had not chased away the dog, it would certainly have bitten me all over my body\", Lavish, one of the child victims told TOI.Criticizing the role of MC officials in dealing with the problem, Sood said, \"My daughter was also bitten by a stray dog two months ago and she is so scared till date that she doesn't like going out.\"It is the first such instance that kids who were victims of a dog attack were brought to the municipal corporation house meeting to draw attention to the apathy of officials of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation towards curbing the stray dog menace.But despite over an hour's discussion on the matter, the councillors did not come up with any solution to curb the menace. The entire discussion largely focused on figures prepared by officials like how many dogs are there in the city, how many have been sterilized, and how is a sterilized dog marked out. But none of the councillors came up with any concrete solution to control the number of dogs and finding a way out to minimize cases of dog bites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15302092", "title": "Powerless, people in Patna press panic button", "text": "PATNA: Panic prevailed in Patna on Tuesday after the news spread about the collapse of eastern, northern and north-eastern grids. The state capital was without power for more than 10 hours before it was restored in most parts of the city late in the night.The state received 1100MW till late Tuesday night and the state capital got 70% of the power supply.Chief minister Nitish Kumar clarified Bihar never overdrew power and, as such, could not be blamed for the current crisis facing the country. Pointing out that this was the second day of grid failures that caused nationwide outages, CM Kumar said the Centre should evolve a mechanism to prevent such man-made calamities.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi lashed out at the Centre and said the grid failures reflected the inefficiency of the Centre. \"It is the government at the Centre which is paralysed,\" he said.BSEB spokesman H R Pandey said the crisis was likely to be over by late in the night. \"But it all depends on how much we get out of our share of power allocation. We are helpless in such situation,\" he said.Explaining the whole issue of power allocation and the gap in supply and the state's energy requirement, Pandey said Bihar required 2500-3000MW daily. \"The Centre's allocation to Bihar is 1835MW but the state normally gets 1100-1200MW daily. Under the Gadgil Formula, it comes to 40% of the actual production in ideal situation. We purchase about 500MW power from open market to meet the requirement,\" Pandey told TOI.Whatever might be the calculations, the denizens were worried about water and power supply as nobody knew when the crisis would be over. Anxious residents were making calls to media houses to know the real situation. Even the staff of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) looked helpless. \"We are also in dark. We are in the constant touch with Kolkata-based eastern headquarters for update,\" said a senior BSEB official.BSEB chairman P K Rai, along with senior board members, monitored the situation throughout the day. Top officials of the BSEB were in constant touch with Kolkata-based Eastern Region Load Dispatch Centre (ERLDC) for updating the latest information. \"BSEB's resident engineer posted at Kolkata was asked to remain stationed at the ERLDC headquarters\", Pandey said.While the situation in the city was more or less normal during daytime even as the power supply discontinued from 1pm, people started pressing panic buttons as the power cut continued till late in the evening. People were heard telling friends and relatives to store water fearing its supply would be badly hit due to non-availability of power.In several offices, it was like an undeclared holiday as darkness engulfed most of them, especially the government offices. \"It was difficult for us to carry out our routine work due to complete darkness in one of the halls of the new secretariat,\" said a state official in Patna. Government officials worked using lamps and emergency lights.\"Almost all the students and teachers of the colleges of Patna University (PU) had left the premises by 3pm due to power failure. It was very difficult to engage classes in the dark,\" said a (PU) teacher.There were long queues at the ATMs to withdraw money and a large number of people had a tough time in withdrawing money from the ATMs. \"Of the 435 SBI ATMs in Bihar, 51 ATMs were hit by power failure,\" said the bank's AGM (ATMs), Chandra Shekhar Mishra.City's major trading establishments at Patna market, Hathwa market, Boring Road, Maurya Lok, Patliputra Colony, Exhibition road, Fraser Road had to depend on generators during the peak evening hours.Management committees of apartments had started storing diesel for the generators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303509", "title": "Get a rakhi tied, and eat it too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought sweets were enough for sweetening the bond between the brother and sister, then it's time to check out the special rakhi cakes being made this Raksha Bandhan. Available in different flavours these are a big hit among girls in the city.With only one day left for Rakhi, cake shops are flooded with orders for special rakhi cakes. These are decorated with colourful rakhis made out of icing and have roli-chawal placed on beautifully carved leaves. Cakes, with a piece of \"barfi' atop are also available in the market. These appetizing cakes are available for Rs 400 and above at most bakery shops.\"On every Raksha Bandhan we have sweets, so this time I thought of doing something different. And when I saw a cake with a rakhi and roli-chawal on it in one of the bakery shops in Sector 35, I ordered one to give my brothers something different on Rakhi,\" said Jasmine Yadav, a resident of Sector 8.For kids, there are options including having cartoon faces on cakes. There is also an option for a message. \"I liked the idea of expressing my feelings like this. Moreover, this concept is new. The way they have made the rakhi on it and have kept roli-chawal on a leaf is very much out of the box,\" said Khushboo Bajwa, a resident of Sector 35.\"I ordered a chocolate cake with a red rakhi on it for my brother with a Tom and Jerry on it as we fight like them,\" said Supriya Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 18.Along with cakes, bakers are also offering 'trophies' with special blessings and praises for the brothers. Also these cakes are quite in demand online for sending as online Rakhi gifts.Swati Khanna, who belongs to Delhi but is living in Chandigarh said, \"It is the first time that I am not home for Rakhi. So to make it a special day for him even in my absence, I've ordered a pineapple rakhi cake for him along with an angry bird rakhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15301852", "title": "Two Mangalore-based govt officials land in Lokayukta net", "text": "MANGALORE: Lokayukta sleuths on Tuesday registered cases against two government officers in Mangalore for allegedly possessing assets that are disproportionate to their known source of income.The sleuths recovered assets worth Rs 1.6 crore during the raid at the houses of Rathnakar Naik, deputy director of food and civil supplies, Chikmagalur and G Raghupal, assistant town planning officer, Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) in the city.While items worth about Rs 75 lakh was recovered from Ratnakar's house in Bejai, properties worth Rs nearly Rs 85 lakh were recovered from Raghupal's house in Mallikatte.Lokayukta SP DS Jagamainavar told TOI that they had conducted raids on the basis of credible information. \"We are yet to complete our assessment as the raid has not been completed,\" he said.Rathnakar had joined the department of food and civil services as a first division assistant in 1983, and Raghupal joined MCC as a daily-wage employee in 1985.Lokayukta fficials had conducted raids in four premises belonging to Rathnakar and two properties of Raghupal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300444", "title": "Civic panel sits on road-widening plan", "text": "PUNE: Despite the civic administration approving the proposal for widening roads in the 23 merged villages, the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) standing committee continues to let it gather dust.In March 2011, Congress leader Aba Bagul had proposed that the roads in these merged villages that fall within the PMC limits be widened by 50% anticipating the increase in the number of vehicles in the future. Bagul had forwarded the proposal to the standing committee, which, in turn, had sent it to the civic administration. The villages have a 1,000-km-long road network.\"The Development Plan of the 23 villages was prepared in 2000 and since then, the number of vehicles has increased considerably. The roads in these villages connect national and state highways and widening them is the need of the hour. Though the civic administration approved the proposal in May 2011, the civic standing committee is sitting on it,\" Bagul told TOI.The proposal will have to be approved by the standing committee and then by the general body of the PMC before the actual implementation begins.The PMC has decided to increase and improve the road network of the city through public-private partnership, rather than making it an entirely civic project. The civic body is also considering other modes of project financing such as transfer of development rights as well as build, operate, transfer and deferred payment methods, a senior civic official said.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said the civic standing committee members are \"studying\" the proposal for road-widening in the merged villages and a decision would be taken in the next few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15299891", "title": "Uttar Pradesh cabinet keeps Lokayukta outside RTI Act ambit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh Yadav cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to put the office of Lokayukta outside the RTI Act purview. The cabinet said there was a need to maintain secrecy while investigating corruption charges against officials. Since the office of the Lokayukta functions as an investigating agency, any queries about ongoing investigations can hamper probes, the government said.In its election manifesto, the Samajwadi Party had promised to take steps to strengthen the office of the Lokayukta if it was voted to power. But after coming to power the SP government has made several changes in the functioning of the office of the Lokayukta. First, the government increased the tenure of the Lokayukta to eight years, then it authorised the Lokayukta to penalise people found pressing \"frivolous'' charges against any government official. Now with the cabinet approving a proposal to keep the Lokayukta outside the ambit of the RTI Act, concerns have been raised about the politicisation of the Lokayukta office.Earlier, the SP government had suggested it would make the Lokayukta office a multi-member body, apart from bringing the economic offences wing of police under the purview of the Lokayukta Act. But nothing has been done yet.The government on Tuesday drew flak for its decision to rechristen the Manyavar Shri Kanshiram Ji Urdu, Arabic-Persian University, Lucknow as Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti Urdu, Arabic-Persian University. The decision drew protests from the BSP with party chief Mayawati terming the act as \"politically vindictive\". In a statement, Mayawati called the move \"undignified and disgusting'', adding that the SP government should have opened a new university and given it a name of its choice, instead of renaming", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306143", "title": "No takers for Karthika?", "text": "Yesteryear actress Radha's daughter, Karthika, who won commercial and critical acclaim with her debut film Ko, was recently in the city to walk the ramp. But the question on everyone's mind was \u2014 why has she not been able to bag any big films? Despite her debut film with K V Anand striking gold at the box office here, the actress has not been able to make in-roads in K-Town.Karthika was signed on for Sundar C's Madha Gaja Raja with Vishal but once the script changed from a single heroine to a multi-heroine project, the actress and director mutually decided to part ways. The actress had also signed S A Chandrasekar's film, Sattam Oru Iruttarai , but for some reason she decided to opt out of that project too.Currently, she's only working in Bharathiraja's Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum which recently was 'split', with the director deciding to shoot a separate film with one of the film's two tracks. Her younger sister, Tulasi, meanwhile, managed to bag a Mani Ratnam project \u2014 Kadal .As far as Mollywood goes, Karthika has two films on hand \u2014 Gold and a movie starring Santosh Sivan as painter Raja Ravi Varma. Gold has three heroines and the flick is said to be in limbo as of now. Her movie with Santosh Sivan, where she shares screenspace with Nithya Menen, is being screened at national and international film festivals. And despite making her debut with Naga Chaitanya in Telugu in Josh , the actress's career in Tollywood has not taken off. Her last release, Dammu , did not bring big filmmakers knocking at her door.So despite her acting lineage, why are filmmakers not making a beeline for her? Says a Tamil producer on condition of anonymity, \"Karthika is quite tall but that's not really a hindrance as other heroines like Anushka are tall too. But the problem is she lacks on-screen presence unlike them and also really needs to hone her acting skills.\" Some others in the industry claim that since most of her films did not do too well at the BO, betting on her would be a tad risky.Meanwhile, we also hear that she and her mom, Radha, who's said to be managing her career, are also doing the rounds in Bollywood as they live in Mumbai. But perhaps she should look at conquering one film industry first rather than all at the same time?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300793", "title": "E-way to get more toll kiosks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), the company that built the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, to set up five more toll collection points on each side of the toll plaza to avoid chaos.The HC has directed the concessionaire to file a status report on August 16 after making necessary arrangements.While issuing the directions a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain also directed that non-compliance of these orders would not only invite initiation of contempt of court proceedings against the concessionaire but the court would also apply brakes on toll fee collection process.Hearing the matter, the bench observed, \"Toll barrier was to be designed to save both fuel and time. But, neither fuel, nor time, was now being saved and long queues of vehicles on either side of roads were a common sight\".The directions have come in the wake of an affidavit filed by the Gurgaon DCP (Traffic), Bharti Arora alleging that the concessionaires are responsible for the chaos at expressway because they do not have requisite staff to deal with the traffic, which results into traffic snarls. Alleging shortage of manpower with the company, DCP had also submitted that the concessionaires do not want to spend for the smoothening of traffic and only wants to collect money.Earlier on July 5, the HC had directed the Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), concessionaires of Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway to strengthen their manpower to avoid traffic chaos and for free flow of the traffic. However, the concessionaire has not complied the earlier directions.The affidavit on behalf of DCP (traffic) Gurgaon, Bharti Arora was filed in response to a petition filed by DGSCL restraining the cops from opening the boom barrier forcibly; and allowing the vehicles to pass the toll barrier without payment.They had also pleaded that forcible closing of toll operations and allowing vehicles to pass without paying toll fee has caused a cumulative loss, in excess of Rs 4 lakh till date.Responding to their allegations, Bharti Arora in her affidavit had submitted that toll barriers are opened on certain points for short interval only on account of certain situation required to be dealt with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304197", "title": "Metro mayhem: 100 trains stalled, commuters evacuated", "text": "For the second day running, Delhi Metro commuters were caught unawares as over 100 trains stopped in their tracks due to another Northern Grid failure. The situation was worse on Tuesday as trains were running when the power supply stopped, leaving lakhs stranded along the network. Delhi Metro had to shut down services and evacuate commuters, many of whom were stuck inside underground tunnels when the trains stopped. Services were partially restored only at 2.50pm, when trains started plying on all lines at a frequency of 10 minutes.According to officials of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), the power supply to the network stopped at 1.02pm, stalling as many as 100 trains \u2014 almost half the peak-hour strength. Affected commuters said most of them were asked to get off at the next station. Balbir Kaur, who took the train from Tilak Nagar and got stuck between Jhandewalan and RK Ashram for over 20 minutes, said, \"The train was finally taken till RK Ashram station, where we got off. No one was panicking, though some children complained of suffocation.\" The trains were provided emergency lighting and ventilation through an in-built battery, said DMRC officials. Commuters on eight trains stranded in the underground section of line 2 (HUDA City Centre-Jahangirpuri ) had to be evacuated from inside the tunnels, using the emergency exit near the driver's seat.Services were closed and station gates shut around 1.30pm, leaving many who were waiting for the service to normalize inside stations. Many commuters complained that even feeder bus services were not available at many stations as the crowd became too big to handle.Large crowds braved the heat and waited inside interchange stations like Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate for services to resume. But they had to leave as station gates were also shut within an hour of the disruption. Mamchand, who works with RITES and was travelling from INA to Gurgaon, was deboarded at AIIMS station. \"Finding a means of getting to Gurgaon was really difficult as there were no connecting services,\" he said.Power supply was restored to Delhi Metro at 2.43pm, said DMRC officials. Partial services were resumed at 2.50pm. A DMRC spokesperson said full services were launched around 4.30pm, with the regular schedule being back on track by the evening.Delhi Metro's train schedule went haywire on Monday too, for at least three hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299144", "title": "Average rain blows lid off Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation\u2019s shoddy job, brings down trees", "text": "MUMBAI: On an average, at least four trees have fallen every day in the city this July, even though the city has received a pittance of rainfall. The BMC has registered 572 cases of tree fall this July, killing at least two people and injuring 18 others. Experts have lambasted the civic body for its lack of concern towards tree pruning and cutting.In July, the western suburbs topped the chart with 223 cases of tree fall, followed by the eastern suburbs (194) and the island city (155). On July 3, maximum number of tree collapses (78) was registered, when the city received an average rainfall of 125mm. This July, Mumbai has received 943mm of rainfall, which officials at the Indian Metrological Department (IMD) termed as normal.A senior official from the horticulture department of the BMC said, \"There is a direct relationship between amount of rainfall and the cases of tree fall. However, at times trees have collapsed on days when there has been no rainfall. This is due to high wind velocity and, some times, weakening of tree roots due to concrete. Thus, we cannot cite heavy rainfall as the only reason for trees falling.\"Niranjan Shetty, former member of the civic body's tree authority said, \"The BMC does not keep a tab on trees inside private societies. A huge number of trees that collapse fall within private properties. The civic body simply washes its hands of and says that it is not within the jurisdiction. Each jurisdiction has only a single junior tree officer, who is appointed to keep a tab on all the trees. The BMC desperately needs more personnel.\"Chairman of the tree authority Amit Satam told TOI, \"I have asked the superintendent of gardens to call an emergency meeting of the 24 junior tree officers to find out what has gone wrong.\"The BMC had said that it had trimmed and balanced around 340 trees and removed paver blocks around the trunks of at least 500 trees before March 31. However, since June, the tree authority has not been able to furnish any details. Satam said, \"I shall make sure the department comes up with statistics on the number of complaints registered, addressed andtime was taken to address them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15303158", "title": "China promotes 6 officers before change of guard", "text": "BEIJING: China on Tuesday promoted six military officers to the rank of generals, a move seen as part of the Communist Party's effort to ensure a smooth change of guard before it meets in October or November to select its new president and PM.Four of the six promotions have gone to People's Liberation Army's (PLA) political commissioners who maintain close relationship between the PLA and the Communist Party besides tracking political developments in China's neighbourhood and western countries. President Hu Jintao also promoted the PLA deputy chief, Du Jincai, who has been in charge of the military's general political department.The move coincided with a statement by a military officer assuring India and other countries that China was not engaged in an arms race and did not wish to challenge any country. \"The development of the Chinese armed forces poses no threat to any nation, in that it aims to safeguard state sovereignty, security and development interests,\" senior colonel Wu Xihua, vice director of the emergency response office of the general staff department of the PLA, said.Wu added, \"China advocates the peaceful settlement of international disputes and resorts to dialogue and negotiation to resolve conflicts, while it opposes the application of force\".These are important pointers for India, which is preparing to receive the Chinese defence minister general Liang Guanglie, expected to visit New Delhi in September. The tour is significant as the countries had suspended defense exchanges for more than a year in 2010 before resuming it some time back.New Delhi is also closely monitoring the recent missile test by PLA in areas close to the border. The PLA Daily Online reported on July 20 that a new surface-to-air missile was tested on the higher reaches of Tibet recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15299794", "title": "Power grid failure: Amid gloom, Gujarat sets an example", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A power surplus state with near 24-hour electricity supply not just in cities like Ahmedabad and Vadodara but in all the 18,000 villages. Now, the Gujarat government plans to further sharply increase power generation from 13,500 MW now to 18,000 MW by the end of the current year.The Narendra Modi government was able to ensure almost 24 hour electricity supply, especially in villages, by implementing the Jyoti Gram project. Even the Government of India has accepted this as a flagship scheme for the 12th Five-Year plan (2012-17) for supplying round-the-clock, high-quality, three-phase power to all villages.Commissioned in 2006, Jyoti Gram provides for a separate electric feeder for domestic use and a limited agricultural supply of nearly eight hours a day, continuous and of constant voltage. A recently released Planning Commission document, \"Faster, Sustainable and More Inclusive Growth : An Approach to the 12th Five Year Plan\", says \"the separation of agricultural feeders\" in the country will enable villages to get \"24 X 7 three-phased power for domestic uses, schools, hospitals and village industries\".As for the farm pumpsets, which require more power, they can obtain \"eight hours or more of quality power on a pre-announced schedule.\" The document underlines, \"The programme of feeder separation has to be carried through across the country. Gujarat has achieved very good results by combining feeder separation with an extensive watershed programme for groundwater recharge. Punjab, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh have also moved forward in this direction. Feeder separation needs to be extended to all states, especially where groundwater is extensively used.\"The Gujarat government spent Rs 1,200 crore to implement Jyoti Gram by separating 12,000 agricultural feeders from domestic feeders. It brought down transmission and distribution losses from 35 per cent five years ago to 15-19 per cent this year.Already a power surplus state, Gujarat sold 5,105.43 million units (MUs) to other states last year earning a profit of Rs 1,888.53crore. Last year, the state had sold 5,105 million units to states like Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, Delhi and Maharashtra. This was approximately seven per cent of total power produced in the state \u2014 68,710 MUs. According to minister of state for power, Saurabh Patel the government sold power at Rs 8.51 per unit to Rajasthan, at Rs 7.70 per unit to Maharashtra and 9.52 per unit to Delhi. By selling these surplus power, the government was giving Rs 3,000 crore as subsidy to farmers.With new plants planned to come up, the situation would further improve. And, Gujarat is not just planning to have more imported coal and gas based power plants, but is also negotiating with the Government of India for a second ultra mega power plant (UMPP). There has been no looking back since 2004 when the state successfully unbundled the loss-making Gujarat Electricity Board (GEB) into smaller power utilities. Smaller set-ups improved efficiency - cutting T&D; losses and better plant load factor - helping the firms to make profits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15301848", "title": "Residents oppose eviction, urge govt to resurvey land", "text": "DHARWAD: The residents of ward no 27 in Hubli submitted a memorandum to the district administration on Tuesday urging the government to conduct a proper survey of area said to be belonging to forest department before evicting the residents from the place.Led by corporator Tippanna Majjagi, residents came in a procession to DC's office and handed over the memorandum.The forest department which had leased out its land in survey no 68 of ward no 27 in Hubli to Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences and hospital in Hubli had asked KIMS to clear the area of encroachers and return the land to the forest department as KIMS was not using the land. However, KIMS said it needed the land and had expressed its inability to evict the encroachers. The police had offered its help to KIMS to evict people from the land and had asked the premier medical institute to inform the date of 'operation eviction'.Several houses have come up in survey no 45, 46 and 68 and the residents are enjoying all the civic amenities provided by HDMC.Tippanna said the owners of the houses were also paying property tax to the HDMC and evicting them at this stage would put them to hardship. He said the government should conduct a proper survey of the area and identify the exact area allotted by forest department to KIMS and then take further steps to clear the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300599", "title": "Great expectations of reforms reboot from Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Like a good batsman preparing for a tricky track, P Chidambaram would have sized up the job awaiting him ahead of his return to the finance ministry where he is tasked with rescuing a sinking economy and with it the UPA's poll prospects.Though an old hand in the finance ministry who is now on his way to equal Morarji Desai's record of presenting eight full Budgets, Chidambaram's stint in North Block will be his toughest as much for adversities dogging the economy as the burden of expectations. The minister, who made waves with the \"dream budget\" he presented in 1997, is now expected to somehow turn things around after last quarter's dispiriting 5.3% growth capped a season of discontent.While he has to live up to his credentials as a \"doer\", much more is at stake for the Congress. The Congress is grimly aware that if the economy does not show signs of recovery soon, its political outlook could rival that of this year's monsoon, and its decision to hand Chidambaram the finance portfolio reflects the hard-nosed assessment that he is the man likely to deliver. In doing so, the party has ignored Opposition attacks on his alleged neglect in allowing DMK leader A Raja to have his way with 2G licences.The 67-year-old minister, who has been keen to return to his old turf, is expected to be game to meet the expectations. This won't be easy, however. The North Block veteran, known for his reformist credentials, will have to brave choppy waters as allies and supporting parties oppose reforms measures and Parliament has a decidedly mutinous air about it.If the home ministry was full of tripwires, knowing the enemy may not offer much comfort. The economy is on the brink of sub-5% growth, inflation looms again with rains playing spoilsport, deficit rising as subsidies balloon and investments take a hit as companies - both Indian and foreign - are rattled by regressive tax laws.But Chidambaram does have some markers to help him. In a little over a month since President Pranab Mukherjee quit as finance minister, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has initiated changes intended to turn the ship around: from reviewing GAAR to holding back retrospective amendment to make Vodafone cough up Rs 12,000 crore and sectoral initiatives.As finance minister Chidambaram will be required to change the mindset that the babus acquired under Mukherjee: the one that was a throwback to licence and raid raj of the 80s with enhanced powers for tax authorities. Simultaneously, he will need his party's backing to bite the bullet on politically sensitive decisions like hiking fuel costs, nipping subsidies on fertilizers and better accounting of expansive welfare schemes.Pushing pension and insurance reforms through Parliament will mean bruising skirmishes with allies whose concurrence can come if demands like moratorium on loans and special packages are met.What can keep him in good stead is his doggedness and readiness to grapple with details. The Rs 70,000-crore farm loan waiver - identified by many as the among the key factors behind Congress's surprise performance in the last Lok Sabha polls \u2014 should be a buffer against the taunts of being apolitical. Rather, with the Congress desperately in need for better tidings on the economic front, he has more headroom than what would have been possible earlier.By inclination a reformist, Chidambaram, known for his quick decision-making, is an old favourite of India Inc, which dubbed his 1997 budget as a \"dream budget\". The Tamil Nadu politician, who returned to the Congress fold ahead of the 2004 general elections, was part of the original reforms team having drafted the revamped Export-Import Policy in 1991 that dismantled a series of controls and quotas and shifted the focus from imports to trade.The praise from India Inc. gave way to criticism when he returned to North Block in 2004 on the aam aadmi plank. Chidambaram introduced the Fringe Benefit Tax on perks, a tax on cash withdrawals and the securities transaction tax, which is the only levy that Pranab Mukherjee, his successor in the finance ministry, has let survive.His critics call him an artful finance minister, whose budgets are known to have devil in the fine print. But while the initial applause does not lend to prolonged celebration, his repertoire does contain mood swingers. Given the despair that has gripped the country, Congress expects him to show a trick or two so that it can go to the electorate with a better score sheet.He is said to have compared the home minister with a goalkeeper (one goal in the 90th minute and the game is lost) in contrast with the finance minister whose job he sees as more intellectually stimulating. The Congress will like him to play the striker who can snatch a goal before the final whistle. But with time fast running out before the 2014 polls, he will get only two opportunities to do an encore of his 1997 Dream Budget act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15300643", "title": "Dumri MLA on dharna demanding road repairs", "text": "BOKARO: Dumri MLA Jagarnath Mahto along with his supporters blocked the Chandrapura-Phusro road in Bermo subdivision here on Tuesday. He sat on a dharna on the road demanding its repair by the Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) and the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) at Bhandaridah.The blockade paralyzed traffic on the route and affected transportation of coal and ash. The route known as Coal Trunk Road was constructed by the CCL and the DVC. This is second time when Mahto sat on a dharna for the same demand after his earlier blockade on August 12, 2011.The route road connects the Chandrapura Thermal Power Station (CTPS) of the DVC with Bermo which has several coal mines of the CCL. Thousands of people and heavy vehicles ply on the route everyday. The coals are being supplied from the CCL mines to the CTPS on this route.\"There are several potholes and cracks on the road because of plying of coal and ash-laden dumpers and trucks. The local residents have asked several times the companies to repair the damaged road but in vain,\" said Mahto.He added that the DVC and the CCL had earlier assured that residents that they would repair the road and bear the cost of its construction. \"They have made the detail project report (DPR) but nothing has materialized yet. The road is in a dilapidated condition and has made the route accident-prone. Driving vehicles on this road during rainy season becomes more pathetic,\" the MLA said.The DVC officials, however, are holding talks with Mahto to sort out the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15303732", "title": "No approval needed to ravage Mughal palace!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As president of Ahmedabad Municipality between 1924 and 1928, the Iron Man of India, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, was a stickler for civic laws. Today, his memorial at Shahibaug, which should ideally live up to those principles, is a big disappointment. Prior to constructing the new cement and concrete extensions, lift shaft and staircase, the trustees of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) did not think it necessary to seek permission from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC).This means Rs 17-crore central government funds being pumped into constructing additional structures to Shah Jahan's 390-year-old Moti Shahi Palace are being put to \"illegal use\". The law that applies to every property owner states the construction plan has to be approved by the civic body.The trustees just had to approach AMC's central zone office for the \"addition and alteration permission\" under sections 253 and 254 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949, and section 27 of the Gujarat Town Planning and Urban Development Act. Besides this, the society had to submit an undertaking to AMC made by their structural engineer that the new additions are structurally safe. In the SVPMS case, neither of these basic formalities has been fulfilled.As a result, one of the best Mughal monuments in the city is being ravaged. \"We have not received any request from the society for these extensions,\" says deputy town development officer for AMC's central zone, Nilesh Baranda. \"We will issue notices to the society to stop the work if legal procedures are not being followed,\" he adds.Interestingly, the sole consultant and structural engineer employed by the trust, Vijay Shah, told TOI, \"I have not proposed the new construction in the complex. I am engaged to carry out repair works of damaged brackets and the jharokas. I have no idea who is undertaking the new construction.\" \"The additions amount to adding floor space to an existing structure. It becomes necessary for the society to take permission from AMC. Besides this, permissions from the chief lift inspector of Gujarat is also needed,\" says incharge TDO Rajesh Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15302410", "title": "Going to fall ill? Twitter can tell", "text": "LONDON: Social networking site Twitter can predict whether you are going to fall ill eight days in advance, a new study has claimed.Researchers from University of Rochester have already used the site to track flu as it spreads through New York using a 'heatmap' of users who complain of being ill, the Daily Mail reported.Adam Sadilek from the University and his team analysed 4.4 million GPS-tagged Tweets from over 6,00,000 users in New York City over the course of one month in 2010. They trained their artificial intelligence algorithm to ignore tweets by healthy people such as those claiming they were 'sick' of a particular song, and trained it to find those who were really ill.Sadilek said the key to his system is friendships. \"Given that three of your friends have flu-like symptoms, and that you have recently met eight people, possibly strangers, who complained about having runny noses and headaches, what is the probability that you will soon become ill as well?\" he was quoted by the paper as saying.\"Our models enable you to see the spread of infectious diseases, such as flu, throughout a real-life population observed through online social media,\" he added.The tweets were plotted on a map, and used to predict when a particular user was at high risk of getting ill.\"We apply machine learning and natural language understanding techniques to determine the health state of Twitter users at any given time,\" Sadilek said.\"Since a large fraction of tweets is geo-tagged, we can plot them on a map, and observe how sick and healthy people interact,\" he said.The heatmaps show a city going through a flu epidemic. The more red an area is, the more people are afflicted by flu at that location. The algorithm was correct 90% of the time and about eight days in advance, the team said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303207", "title": "Indore-based artist to represent nation", "text": "INDORE: Rajesh Patil, an Indore-based artist will be participating in an international artistic collaboration, West Meets East - A Cultural Book Exchange. The month-long VII edition of the event will begin at Constantza Museum of Art, Romania on August 1. Patil is one of the two artists who have been selected to represent the country. Artists from various countries including Polan, Italy, Netherlands and USA will be showcasing their art work at the event.Patil's work, a 'Book Object' will also be showcased at Constantza Museum as a part of museum collection. \"It is a mix-media art form, and includes thirty drawings and pictures of mine. I named a picture 'edge of light' which is also the title of my 'Book Object' that is to be showcased at the event,\" said Patil, adding that I derive inspiration from music for my art.\"I have been working on sound for quite some time now. The sound is denoted in the form of scripture, and hence my art work includes script and paintings. The paintings, that I have made, are mostly acrylics and ink-based\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306157", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s clean-up act on Bigg Boss", "text": "Five seasons through with the sixth inching close to opening, Bigg Boss has had audiences across the country glued to their television sets, never mind the innuendos, indecent behaviour, sleaze, expletives, fights and allegations of these being rigged. Love it or hate it, the reality television show seems to be here to stay, albeit for all the wrong reasons.The most striking element undoubtedly has been the long line of controversial inmates. Be it Sunny Leone, who entered the house as an Indo-Canadian adult movie star or Seema Parihar, a former bandit, who allegedly killed 70 people before surrendering to the police a few years ago. Or Pooja Missra, who was seen as a troublemaker right from the beginning or even Raja Chaudhary , who allegedly beat up his wife Shweta Tiwari.However, all that is a thing of the past now. There is a surprise element in store for television viewers even as the sixth season is about to be aired in a brand new avtaar.The broadcasters of the show confirmed the development: \" Bigg Boss 6 will be a wholesome entertainer with a parivarik punch.\"Buzz is, Salman Khan , who is keen Bigg Boss moves away from its trademark negativity and adopts a clean image of a family entertainer, was instrumental in bringing about this change.A source from the television industry however told us, \"It was a joint decision between Salman and the broadcasters to clean up Bigg Boss. Salman has become a very big star today and has a huge fan following, especially among kids. It works for him and the broadcasters to get more eyeballs.\"The bigger challenge for the broadcasters as well as the producers (Endemol) remains how to implement the change. For starters, the sixth season will be sans controversial characters like Rakhi Sawant , Veena Malik, Dolly Bindra, Sambhavna Seth and so on. Instead, it will feature personalities from all walks of life, more so the film and television industry, who have a clean and more responsible image.Our source said, \" Bigg Boss has so far catered to the voyeuristic needs of Indian audiences. But there is bad news for those in the film and television industry who thrive on controversies. Not so long ago, these people were prime contenders for the show. But now, only those participants who have a family friendly image will be chosen.\"According to the source, instructions will not be given that there is an embargo per se on adult content. But the underlying assumption is if you have participants who are sober, you need not worry they will create scenes that prove to be an embarrassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300523", "title": "Khadakwasla dam is 57% full", "text": "PUNE: Khadakwasla dam reached 57% of its storage capacity on Tuesday evening after two days of continuous heavy rainfall.Addressing a news conference here, district collector Vikas Deshmukh said, \"Irrigation department officials have informed me that Khadakwasla should reach its maximum capacity by Wednesday morning, if the catchment areas continue to get heavy rainfall.\" He said that once it does, additional water from the dam will be released into the Mutha right bank canal and this will enable the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to lift more water for the city. \"I have instructed that water be released in the canal instead of the river ,\" said Deshmukh.He said that Temghar, Panshet, Varasgaon and Khadakwasla have received heavy rainfall in the last 24 hours. The collective water storage of the four dams had reached 33.47% by Tuesday evening. Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon together have recorded more than 1,000 mm rainfall since June.Other dams in Pune district's Bhima sub-basin have also received considerable rain since Monday, say officials of the irrigation department. The Gunjawani and Kalmodi dams have been filled to capacity; the water level in Pavana dam, which supplies water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, has reached 42%; and the Bhama Askhed and Andra dams are 65% full.However, the officials say that scanty rainfall has been registered in the catchment areas of Ghod sub-basin and Nira basin, hence water storage in these dams is low. Pimpalgaon-Joge, Ghod, Nazare and Ujani dams had zero live water storage on Tuesday. Four other dams - Manikdoh, Yedgaon, Waduj and Vir - have less than 10% water storage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15299848", "title": "CB-CID cracks Virudhunagar murder-for-gain case", "text": "MADURAI: CB-CID have solved a murder case that has been pending for the last two years in Rajapalayam south police station limits. They have nabbed three accused in the case. On September 22, 2010, M Sheela of Rajapalayam was found murdered in her house and six sovereigns of her gold ornaments were missing. A case was registered in this regard at Rajapalayam south police station but the local police failed to make any progress. After that Marimuthu, husband of the deceased, filed a petition with the high court bench pleading that the case be transferred to the special investigation team on February 9, 2011. High court directed the DSP, CB-CID, Madurai, to get a breakthrough and file the final report within two months. The case was handed over to CB-CID inspector of Sivaganga on March 25, 2011, and it was later transferred to V Chandrasekaran, CB-CID inspector of Madurai city.CB-CID police arrested prime accused V Sethumadavan (41) from Rajapalayam and his accomplices S Seenivasan (38) of Sankampatti and G Jayaraman of Gopalapuram on charges of murder on Monday and recovered six sovereigns of gold jewels from them. They were remanded in judicial custody on Tuesday.Addressing the media on Tuesday, CB-CID DSP I Dhayalan Tamilselvan said the woman was murdered over a family dispute after she passed some comments about the prime accused. The deceased Sheela was related to Sethumadavan, a coconut merchant. He was also involved in kangaroo courts in the locality. Sheela passed some comments about Sethumadavan in the presence of his wife Nagajothi in a public place, which triggered the murder. \"Sheela had made some satirical comments about Sethumadavan and his anti-social works which irked Nagajothi who picked up a quarrel with her husband. The subsequent family dispute resulted in Nagajothi separating from Sethumadavan which greatly angered him,\" Tamilselvan said. Hence, Sethumadavan decided to finish off Sheela and along with his friends and made it appear like murder-for-gain. Accordingly, they entered the victim's house around 11 am on September 22, 2010, and killed her by strangulation before robbing her jewels. They managed to escape the local police but were nabbed by the special investigation team, Tamilselvan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300499", "title": "No takers for Rajarhat financial hub", "text": "KOLKATA: It has been over four months since chief minister Mamata Banerjee flagged off the international financial hub project in Rajarhat. The government highlighted the potential of the hub in full swing, saying it will be only the second financial hub in the country after Mumbai's Bandra Kurla. However, quite unexpectedly, only one company has so far shown interest to invest in the financial hub.Tuesday was the last day of application submission, but none turned up to show any interest in the last one month to set up shop in the much-touted financial hub of the city.The project is implemented by the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (Hidco). A 25-acre plot has been identified for taking up the first phase of the financial hub, which could be extended up to 100 acres in the future in phases. Union minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy said poor marketing strategy by the department concerned is one of the root causes for this low turnout.\"This project needed a lot of space-selling promotions. That has not been done. We have to do aggressive marketing,\" he told TOI. He has convened a meeting with the financial institution heads of the country on August 23 at Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi to make them understand and convince about the facilities of this space so that more investment proposals come from the banking institutions.Financial institutions include banks - both public and private - and insurance companies have been invited for the talks.Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen said the authority will decide very soon as to whether a fresh expression of interest could be floated. \"We will decide shortly whether we will float a new EOI with fresh terms and conditions. I will also be present at the meeting on August 23 where I will give a presentation on the financial hub,\" he said.Earlier, April 24 was fixed as the last date of submitting applications. It was later extended till July 31 by Hidco, hoping that they will receive at least a few more applications. Only big financial houses and banking institutions, having an annual turnover of Rs 500 crore and above, could submit proposals for getting a space in the hub. The average market price of the land per acre is Rs 13 crore.Roy further said the ultimate goal of the state government is to decongest the city and develop the adjoining parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300155", "title": "Rajendra Uchake is new Chief Fire Officer", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief Fire Officer of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's ( NMC) fire and emergency services department A N Khan retired on July 31. Civil Lines station officer Rajendra Uchake has taken charge as the new CFO.Though Khan was a disciplinarian, he could not solve a lot of pending problems.One of the probable reasons which are being cited for his not-so successful reign at the fire department was his short tenure of just about 8 months. He did not get sufficient time to work out solutions for the prevailing problems. New CFO Uchake will now have to deal with the various pending issues.The firemen had hoped that Khan would put an end to the practice of sending them to clean wells, delivering mails and supplying drinking water. But nothing of the sort happened.The department is reeling under shortage of manpower and this has severely affected its functioning and efficiency. Just like his predecessors Khan couldn't do anything about updating the wireless system at the department. It still lies defunct.Khan will be remembered for his contribution in increasing the revenue of the department. During his short tenure, the department had generated a revenue to the tune of Rs9 crore.(with inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301269", "title": "Octroi chief smells a rat in octroi tender", "text": "NAGPUR: The chairman of octroi committee, Kishor Dorle has raised serious questions on the tender of Rs108 crore issued for installation of five mobile scanning machines at five of the total 37 octroi posts. Congress leader Sandip Jaiswal has demanded enquiry into the entire process.Giving details about the complaint lodged by Jaiswal, Dorle said that the matter was serious and could end up with a huge financial loss to the NMC.Jaiswal, in his complaint on June 16, alleged that the conditions in the tender were prepared in such a manner that it would benefit a couple of selected agencies. \"One of the conditions is that the interested agency should have turnover of Rs150 crore and experience of installation of 25 mobile scanning machines. How can many agencies from the city have the required qualification and experience? Besides, there are several irregularities in the tender,\" he said.The Congress leader has lodged complaints with the mayor Anil Sole and the office of municipal commissioner. The octroi department, in its reply on July 24, has given a clarification on each and every issue raised by Jaiswal. The department has justified the condition of the tender. Jaiswal again raised a few issues in his complaint on July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298870", "title": "Ramzan, rains leave Hyderabad's tourist spots deserted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The onset of monsoon and the holy month of Ramzan may have brought much cheer to many denizens but it has been a rather dry spell for tourism with tourist destinations in the Old City reporting a 50% drop in footfall over the last one month.For instance, the Chowmahalla Palace which receives an average of 1,000 visitors a day is recording half the number this month. Officials from the palace attributed the fall in number to the heavy rains and the ensuing traffic congestion coupled with an increase in the number of hawkers on the road. Kishan Rao, director, Chowmahalla Palace said, \"The turn out this month is between 500 and 600 everyday. This is due to monsoons, traffic problems and lack of public holidays. The trend is the same with other tourist sites as well.\"Charminar too recorded a poor turnout with only around 3,000 Indians and 13 foreigners having visited the monument on Tuesday. Sources said footfall is usually between 4,000 and 4,500 with at least 20 foreigners visiting the city's landmark monument everyday. They noted a steady drop in the number of tourists from in and around the city since Ramzan started and pointed out that visitors from Maharashtra and Karnataka were more in number. Officials said the collection on Monday and Tuesday was just above the Rs 19,000 when the average ticket sales amounts to somewhere between Rs 25,000 and Rs 30,000.Even Salar Jung Museum, which houses the world's largest one man art collection, failed to draw crowd this month. Officials estimated a decrease in number by 1,000 visitors per day. Nagender Reddy, director Salar Jung Museum said, \"There has been a drop in the number of visitors this month. The museum sees about 2,500 visitors everyday but on account of school reopening after the summer vacations, this has gone down to somewhere between 1,500 and 2,000 per day.\"However, Mecca Masjid recorded a 50% increase in the number of visitors. According to officials, the mosque has been getting around 15,000 visitors per day as against the average 8,000 visitors in other months. Mohammed Mannan, manager, Mecca Masjid said, \"A large number of people wish to break their fast here. Further, thousands of worshippers gather here for the taraweeh prayers adding to the already swelling numbers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300434", "title": "Right to Education impact: 66,000 students get admission in private schools", "text": "PUNE: In all, 66,306 out of 2.09 lakh students from the economically and socially weaker sections have received admission into 8,500 private schools in the state under the 25% reservation provided under the Right to Education (RTE) Act.About 5,440 students were given admission to private schools under this provision in Pune district. According to the RTE Act, all private schools other than unaided minority schools will have to enrol 25% students from the economically and socially weaker sections, in std I or the entry level.A report by the state directorate of primary and secondary education said that not a single parent complained to the directorate against any school for not admitting their ward in private schools. As per this report, in Pune district, 1,188 students were admitted in 317 private schools in the jurisdiction of the Zilla Parishad, whereas 3,008 students took admission in 380 private schools within the city limits and 1,244 students took admission in 180 private schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad.In May, the government notified all schools in the state to reserve 25% seats in the school for economically weaker and backward class students. The deadline for completing admissions under this provision of the RTE was June 30. The government collected reports from each of its regions and prepared a report on the data received.The report stated that all the students who approached the schools for admissions had been admitted. However, the percentage is low because the notification and the government resolution was issued in the month of May when the admission process was already over, the report said. Most of the students had taken admission by then as many schools finish admission procedures in the months of January and February.Sridhar Salunke, director, state primary and secondary education department said, \"The reasons for the low number of admissions under the RTE vary from lack of awareness to pre-booking of admissions in other schools by eligible students. Also, the government notification came in a bit late, resulting in poor response.\"Salunke said, \"In view of this poor response and considering the reasons for the same, we will be gearing up for next year's admissions in October itself. An admission cell will be set up by every regional office in the state that will create awareness about the RTE provision as well as help students secure admissions under the quota. Parents can also lodge a complaint at this cell if their ward is denied admission by a school.\"Salunke also said that a committee would be set up by every regional office which would supervise the overall implementation of the system in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300572", "title": "Power grid failure: 30% power lost to theft, politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 30% of the power produced in the country is lost to theft and inefficiencies in the state distribution networks as politics prevents speedy implementation of steps needed to stop the slippage.Now, the country has 205 gigawatt of generation capacity. At 30%, it works out to around 60,000 mw or nearly the same load that the northern, eastern and the north-eastern grids were carrying when they tripped at 1pm on Tuesday. So if the slippage is even halved, there would be enough power to light up the national Capital for a week.Indeed, distribution is the weakest link in India's power story, with a loss figure that stood at 38.86% in 2000-01. It was then called T&D; (transmission and distribution loss). Since it was not able to capture all the losses in the network, the concept of AT&C; (Aggregate Technical and Commercial) loss was introduced. It was supposed to have captured technical as well as commercial losses in the network and reflect a true picture of the total losses in the system.But ironically, massive modernization has brought down the technical loss in inter-state and inter-region transmission networks, operated by Central utility PowerGrid Corporation, to a little over 1%. This is the global standard.But states continue to lag, with several still reporting double-digit loss rates - some notching 30% even a decade after the Centre launched Accelerated Power Development &amp; Reform Programme in 2001 for reducing AT&C; losses.The big idea was to reduce the losses to below 15% in five years in urban and high-density areas. But the commercial loss of the state utilities has only reduced from Rs 29,331 crore to Rs 19,546 crore. As percentage of turnover, however, it has reduced from 33% in 2000-01 to 16.6% in 2005-06.On the surface, it is because of inadequate investments over the years for system improvement, unplanned extensions of distribution lines, overloading and lack of adequate reactive power support.But scratch the surface, and the real culprit turns out to be politics. In an era of coalition politics and fragmented polity, parties are loathe to administering strong medicines for fear of upsetting their perceived vote banks.In spite of electricity theft being a criminal offence, state machineries hardly prosecute anyone. Hooked wires dangling from distribution lines passing through shanties is a common sight across India.Until this menace is tackled seriously by evolving a transparent subsidy scheme or taking the free power schemes on the state's books, the power sector would continue to hurtle from one crisis to another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306417", "title": "How Sonakshi bagged her first \u2018it\u2019 number", "text": "For the longest time, she wasn't too excited about shimmying to snazzy item songs. But now, Sonakshi Sinha seems to have changed her mind specially after her first 'it' dance in OMG-Oh My God. TOI decided to get to the bottom of this mystery and found that it started when Sona threw a fit at Chitrangada Singh bagging Just 'Fakht' You in the actress' next, Shirish Kunder's Joker.An insider revealed, \"Katrina did the item number in Tees Maar Khan, being the lead heroine of the film. Sona too wanted to do the item song in Joker. But when Chitrangada got to do it, she was extremely upset. Like Kat became Sheila overnight after Sheila Ki Jawaani , Sona had similar expectations. Getting another actress for the item song didn't go down too well with her.\"It was at this point Akshay Kumar , her Joker co-star, came to know she is miffed and to pacify her, offered her the item song in his home production that has been choreographed by Prabhudheva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306344", "title": "Bol Bachchan\u2019s crew still unpaid", "text": "The workers who constructed the sets for the film have still not received wages amounting to over Rs 24 lakhAshtavinayak's cup of woes seems to be brimming over. We had told you about financer Raju Shah taking the production major to court over bounced cheques worth Rs 8 crore and dues worth Rs 36 crore. We had also told you about Eros International filing a winding-up petition against Ashtavinayak in the Bombay High Court. For the uninitiated, a winding-up petition cites financial crisis in a company as a reason for it to be shut down.And now, Ashtavinayak has issued cheques that have bounced, not once but twice (TOI has copies), making the crew members of Bol Bachchan who constructed the film's sets the latest victims of the production house's callousness.First, it was an Axis Bank cheque dated June 30 for an amount of Rs 24,55,654 favouring the Allied Mazdoor Union that stood dishonoured. Next, it was a Yes Bank cheque dated July 15 for the same amount and favouring the same union that bounced.Prem Singh Thakur, Vice Chairman of the Allied Mazdoor Union, in whose name the cheques were issued, told TOI, \"This money was meant for those who worked on the sets of Bol Bachchan. What to do? The payment due to them amounts to Rs 24,55,654. Sar mein dard ho gaya Ashtavinayak ko samjhate samjhate. But we don't get convincing answers from them.\"\"This is a really sad story. Bol Bachchan is supposed to have earned around Rs 100 crore. So why are they not shelling out what is a miniscule amount from the astronomical sum they've earned? These workers were appointed on daily wages. Eid is round the corner and most of them are Muslims. Should they not celebrate?\" said Thakur.However, Thakur reserved a word of praise for director Rohit Shetty . \"He tried his best to help us in getting the money. In fact, he was the only man in the Bol Bachchan team who went all out for us. But if only it had helped...,\" he added.Dhillin Mehta, Partner, Ashtavinayak, remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302224", "title": "1st open heart surgery at CMCH after 4-year gap a success", "text": "COIMBATORE: Eleven-year-old M Nagaraj had no inkling that an open heart surgery was to be conducted on him as he was lured into the main operation theatre by a handful of chocolates offered to him the CMCH doctors on Monday. Doctors performed the first open heart surgery on him after a gap of almost four years to rectify an Atrial Septal Defect (ASD). Nagaraj is presently recovering at the post operative intensive care unit at the hospital, much to the relief of his parents.\"The boy was under the knife for three hours but it is the preparation before surgery and the post operative care which is very important. The defect, which in lay terms is a hole in the heart, could have become life-threatening if it is not rectified at a young age,\" said Dr M Vanithamani, head of department, cardio thoracic surgery, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.Nagaraj was admitted to the surgery ward during the first week of July where he was kept under observation. His parents R Murugesan and Sharanya along with his grandmother Chellamma have been at the hospital since his admission, awaiting final word from medical authorities regarding Nagaraj's fate.The Times of India had recently highlighted the plight of Nagaraj who could not afford treatment at a private hospital. The only viable option for him was CMCH, but due to some internal complications, no open heart surgery had been performed at the hospital since 2008.\"Yesterday they took him to the operation theatre for surgery. In the evening we were told that the surgery had gone well and he was safe. They are taking good care of him and have assured us that he will be moved to the ward soon,\" said Murugesan.Nagaraj was taken inside the main operation theatre as early as 7.30 on Monday morning. The team consisting of three surgeons, Dr M Vanithamani, professor and head of department and assistant professors, Dr KS Ganesan and Dr L Senthilkumar performed the surgery. A team of three anesthetists, headed by Dr A Chandrasekar and comprising Dr Anuradha and Dr Kalyanasundaram administered anesthesia to the boy. Two nursing staff members from the operation theatre and a heart lung machine operator M Rajendran from Chennai were also part of the procedure. The entire procedure including the restoration of normal pumping of the heart was confirmed by around 3.30 pm on Monday. A senior doctor has been posted round the clock at the post operative unit to ensure the well being of Nagaraj.\"The heart was arrested and the pumping of blood was taken over by the heart lung machine after general anesthesia was administered to the patient. After the surgery the heart restored its function and the patient is on the road to recovery,\" Dr Vanithamani added. \"The patient is on a fluid diet at the moment and within a day or two he can start having solid foods,\" Vanithamani added.\"We are restricting visitors at the moment since we want to avoid any chance of infection which will delay his recovery,\" said P Sivaprakasam, RMO, CMCH. Doctors claimed that the surgery was a minor one when compared with other complex cardiac surgeries like heart valve replacement and coronary artery bypass surgery.Nagaraj was diagnosed with a heart defect at a medical health camp conducted at his government school. His parents were initially told to take him to Madras Medical College for surgery. However, the family got lucky when state health minister firmly told CMCH to start performing heart surgeries at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "rajkot/palanpur", "code": "15302751", "title": "Rains soak Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT/PALANPUR: Saurashtra's hopes of getting rains were revived on Tuesday as sporadic precipitation was received across the region. The weatherman has forecast moderate to rather heavy rainfall or thundershowers at many places in all districts of Gujarat over the next 24 hours.Sporadic rain was recorded in parts of Bhavnagar, Amreli, Junagadh and Jamnagar districts.The weather was cloudy throughout the day. The areas where there was rainfall included Ghogha, Sinhor, Keshod, Bhesan, Mangrol, Sutrapada, Una, Lakhtar and Jodiya and Limbdi.The highest rainfall amounting to 12mm was recorded in Limbdi in Surendranagar district.Farmers who have sown their farms are eagerly waiting for the rain to ensure the survival of their crops. They have been badly hit by rainfall deficiency till now.Meanwhile, the mercury plummeted in north Gujarat on account of the light showers and drizzle since Tuesday morning. Parts of Sabarkantha recorded a good rainfall with Vadali receiving 15mm and Idar getting 12mm of the precipitation. Banaskantha, Patan and Mehsana experienced a drizzle through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15303224", "title": "Power grid failure: Subsidy shock for utilities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Providing free power to the agriculture sector has remained a controversial issue and the lack of political will to find a way to cut losses due to this practice has meant mounting losses for state utilities.Experts say the theft of power in the name of providing free electricity to the farm sector is a bigger issue which needs to be tackled to restore the financial health of state electricity boards.\"Free power is not the issue. The issue is that the connections are not metered and there is enormous theft,\" said Pronob Sen, principal adviser at the Planning Commission, adding that such connections should be metered and monitored.Several states provide free or subsidized power to the farm sector and experts say the practice is more prevalent in Punjab and a few other states. Come election time, political parties go all out to woo farmers by promising free power without keeping in mind the fiscal health of the state power utilities.\"At times, the discoms are also discouraged from seeking tariff revisions. The result is that electricity tariffs are not only very low (and in some places zero) for agriculture, but also lower than they should be for many other categories of consumers. This jeopardizes the financial position of discoms,\" the Planning Commission has said in a report. But some progress has been made in a few states like Gujarat to limit this practice.A high-level panel set up to plot steps to revive the financial health of distribution utilities has recommended that all agricultural consumers should be billed monthly on the basis of meters installed on new pump sets and average consumption under different geo-climatic conditions should be calculated.\"Based on these statistical norms each agriculture consumer should be expected to pay at least 50 paise/unit to the discom/SEB directly. This would enable an accurate enumeration of agricultural connections and proper estimate of power used in agricultural consumption,\" the panel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299811", "title": "We don't want women engineers, say corporators", "text": "BANGALORE: Where do working women leave their babies when they go to work? Some BBMP women officials carry their toddlers to their work place and that puts avoidable pressure.Koramangala corporator BN Kokila has a problem with two women. In the council meeting on Tuesday, Kokila asked the mayor to change two women BBMP officials in her ward. \"Both the junior health officer and senior health officer in my ward are women and they have little toddlers. They carry their children to the office and are hardly able to go around the ward unlike men who go around the the ward on their two-wheelers. Please transfer male officers to my ward,\" she pleaded.When corporators laughed at her disparaging comments about women, Kokila angrily said, \"It's not a matter to be laughed at. I'm concerned about my ward,\" she replied.N Shantha Kumari, Moodala Palya corporator, also raised the same issue. \"The lady health inspector in my ward recently delivered a baby. How can she go around the ward with her baby and check the garbage heaps? The mayor and commissioner must appoint a male official in my ward,\" she said.Most environment engineers are young women, and they're hardly able to get work done from solid waste management contractors, said Anil Kumar S, VV Puram corporator.Officer beaten upNoor Jahan, corporator from Kushal Nagar, said the health officer in her ward was beaten up by the public for increasing number of dengue cases. \"If my ward is further neglected, we won't be able to survive there,\" she said, asking the commissioner to come for an inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15301536", "title": "After Olympic success, global firm game for Narmada", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Top international engineering and design consultants, Atkins - involved in projects to improve transport and public space ahead of the London 2012 Olympics - is learnt to have shown keen interest in a major tourism project along the Narmada river.Well-placed Sachivalaya sources have told TOI that senior Atkins executives met Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) officials a few days back after they learnt that the Gujarat government has decided to develop the 80-km stretch along the Narmada river from the proposed Sardar Statue site in Sadhu Tekra to Bharbhut, where the river merges into the sea, as a top tourism hub.\"The talks with Atkins were preliminary. They showed interest in developing tourism infrastructure in the area, including a 65-km-long six-lane road from Vadodara to Kevadia colony, two railway lines from Tankhala to Kevadia (13-km stretch) and Rajpipla to Kevadia (22-km stretch) and overall landscaping,\" a senior official said. \"They also took interest in a futuristic project of a metro rail from Vadodara to Sadhu Tekra.\"Sardar Patel's statue is proposed to be 182-meters high, tallest in the world. Turner Construction, consultants for the world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa of Dubai, was recently appointed as project management consultant for the Sardar Statue plan.The decision to develop the tourism corridor along the Narmada river was taken at a recent high-level meeting at chief minister Narendra Modi's residence in Gandhinagar. A presentation made at the meeting said, a separate notified authority, on lines of Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA), will be set up to execute the project, whose initial cost is expected to around Rs 5,000 crore.\"This includes the cost to build the statue, six-lane road from Vadodara to Kevadia Colony, which is next to the Sadhu Tekra, rail link from Vadodara and Rajpipla to Kevadia, and a new bridge on Narmada,\" an official, who had participated in the high-level meeting, said.A pre-feasibility study will have to be commissioned in order to assess viability of the tourism corridor project.\"Discussions at the CM's residence, held under the auspices of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Rashtriya Ekta Trust, revealed that Narmada waters will remain perpetually filled up in the 80-km-long Kevadia-Bharbhut stretch because of the proposed barrage on Narmada river at Bharbhut.\"This will convert the whole area into a huge 80-km lake, where water sports can be promoted. \"We can also have amusement parks, three and four star hotels, and other tourism activities next to the river. The pre-feasibility study will reveal what all can be done in this area,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308053", "title": "Love, lust and a bit of longing in Life in Zero", "text": "Mumtaz Sorcar is going to sport a classy, corporate look in Anjan Das \" Life in Zero\". Says the excited star, \"Grey, black and blue rule my wardrobe in the film.The idea is to make me look fresh, trendy and elegant. I play Kuhu, a corporate executive, who is married to Neel, a character essayed by Parambrata. Their marriage is on rocks as they're busy with their careers and have no time for each other. This leads to misunderstanding,\" says Mumtaz.The film also has a gay angle. \"Neel, who's going through emotional turmoil finds solace in a guy's arms. Gurinder (played by Sraboni), who is Kuhu's childhood friend, is lesbian. Kuhu enters into a relationship with her quite suddenly when she's going through a lot of trouble in her marital life. Gradually, Gurinder starts giving Kuhu mental support.\"According to Mumtaz, the film comes with a message. \"Before a couple thinks of breaking up their marriage, a couple should try to sort things out and go for a patch-up,\" smiles the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15302338", "title": "If you want to live longer, eat less", "text": "LONDON: Ditch your diet and gym session and simply eat less to live a longer life, a leading scientist has said.Dr Michael Mosley , a presenter on BBC science show 'Horizon' has claimed that ongoing research suggested that a high metabolic rate - how much energy the body uses for normal functions - is a risk factor for earlier mortality, the Daily Mail reported. \"Communities in Japan and the US which follow strict, low-calorie diets appear to have a lifespan longer than the global average,\" he said.\"Ultimately, ageing is a product of a high metabolic rate, which in turn increases the number of free radicals we consume,\" he was quoted by the paper as saying.Mosley said he did not believe it was necessary to eat three meals a day because \"what we think of as hunger is mainly habit\".In a new Horizon programme, he also suggests that intermittent fasting could offer the same benefits as calorie restriction by reducing the growth of hormone IGF-1. While the hormone maintains and repairs tissue, high levels have been shown to contribute towards cancer and ageing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302343", "title": "Rain fury subsides", "text": "BHOPAL: Rain fury witnessed in most parts of the state during the past four days subsided on Tuesday with the rain intensity going down. The weathermen also brought in some good news stating that the weather system active over the Orissa coast has weakened with the result that showers would continue but there will be no heavy rains.Meanwhile, one more person lost his life in heavy rains in Betul district taking the total death toll to 12.Most rivers in the western part of the state that were in spate continued to be so but the water receded considerably, in a big relief to the villages along the catchment areas. Road connectivity to different parts of the state that remained affected with overflowing rivulets and culverts has resumed.D P Dubey, director of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle told TOI, \"Showers would continue but would not be very heavy as the system active over the Orissa coast has weakened. The fresh formations that are in the offing will take three to four days to advance till Madhya Pradesh.\"An official spokesperson said that the situation in the state is normal. Above normal rains have been registered in 13 districts of the state, normal in 26 districts and below normal rains have been registered in 11 districts from June 30 till date.According to relief commissioner office, floods have caused loss of human life and cattle heads and damage to houses. Relief camps have been opened in Harda, Hoshangabad, Sehore, Dewas and other districts for giving shelter to affected persons. Adequate funds have been made available to districts to provide immediate relief to affected persons.The districts which have received above normal rains include Jabalpur, Mandla, Damoh, Rewa, Singrauli, Khandwa, Ujjain, Dewas, Datia, Sehore, Hoshangabad, Harda and Betul.Chhindwara, Sagar, Panna, Chhatarpur, Satna, Umaria, Dhar, Alirajpur, Barwani, Neemuch and Guna districts have registered below normal rainsRains continued in parts of the state on Monday night and the morning hours on Tuesday. Ganjbasoda recorded a total of 150 mm of rainfall while Shujalpur 120 mm, Agar 110 mm, Seoni 90 mm, Raisen and Bhopal each recorded 80 mm each , Tikamgarh and Sehore 70 mm, Datia 60 mm and Mandla and Chanderi recorded 50 mm of rainfall till Tuesday morning.The temperature among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 32.2 and 22.1 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 25.6 (-3) degrees C against a minimum of 21.3 (-2) degrees C while Indore recorded a maximum of 25.8 (-2) degrees C and minimum of 21.7 degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 32.2 (-1) degrees C and minimum at 25.7 (00) degrees C. the maximum and minimum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded at 24.2 (-5) and 22.1 (-1) degrees C respectively.The weatherman has forecast possibility of rains and thundershowers at many places in Bhopal, Ujjain, Indore, Hoshangabad and Shahdol divisions in the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15302742", "title": "RMC employees on strike over pending demands", "text": "RAJKOT: Over 1,000 employees of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC)'s central zone office went on a flash strike on Tuesday over their pending demands. A number of people were put to inconvenience because of this and had to return without their work being done from RMC's zonal office.Various employees' unions had earlier submitted their list of demands pertaining to promotions, housing and medical facilities to municipal commissioner.The striking employees have threatened to continue their strike in West Zone and East zone offices in the next two days.Meanwhile, mayor Janak Kotak said, \"The demands of employees are under consideration of RMC. However, going on strike without any intimation is illegal.''RMC sources said municipal commissioner Ajay Bhadoo has ordered a cut in the salaries of the striking employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300506", "title": "6 injured in Pimpri accident", "text": "PUNE: Six employees of a private company were seriously injured after the multi-utility vehicle (MUV) in which they were travelling crashed into a stationery truck at Kharalwadi in Pimpri early on Tuesday morning.Nikhil Bokad (25), Anil Suryavanshi (26), Prakash Saste (26), Mukesh Bhagat (24), Rahul Kulkarni (27) and Babruvahan Musale (30) are from Khadki and work in a private company at Talawade. After the collision, they were trapped inside the vehicle and the Pimpri-Chinchwad fire brigade had to cut portions of the vehicle to rescue them. All six are being treated at a private hospital in Chinchwad.The Pimpri police say the vehicle hit the truck which had broken down and was parked at the side of the road around 5 am.Meanwhile, another accident involving two trailers disrupted traffic on the Pune-Mumbai highway for two hours at Shilatane village around 30 km from Pune early on Tuesday morning. The driver of one of the trailers, Chandankumar Gaur (35) of UP, was seriously injured in the accident.The police say both trailers were carrying steel rolls and were heading towards Mumbai. At the village, one trailer hit the rear of the other trailer. The steel roll of the trailer in front was loosened and fell onto the second trailer, injuring the driver.The police managed to remove both containers around 7 am and traffic was restored to normalcy.2 killed in separate accidentsA 50-year-old woman was killed after she was hit by a speeding private bus near Dandekar bridge around 6 am on Tuesday. The police have been unable to ascertain her identity. The bus driver, Nitin Darvatkar, has been booked for negligent driving.In another accident, a 39-year-old motorcycle rider, Shekhar Singha of Karvenagar, was killed after his motorcycle crashed into a large stone at the side of the road. The accident took place on the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass near Pashan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300672", "title": "No respite for Punjab, Haryana &amp; Himachal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After manic Monday, it was tiring Tuesday for over six crore residents of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh as they waited for over six hours to get the power supply restored properly.Essential services were hit across the northern region even as a blame game started among the states on what and who caused the northern grid breakdown.Trains were either halted or ran late, industries did not function at all, farmers had to use generators for paddy sowing, there were snarls on roads as traffic lights stopped functioning, many schools closed early and sent children back home, work at offices especially the government ones was badly affected and hospitals in the entire region had to manage without power for hours.The power grid failure has also resulted in losses running into crores of rupees in the region. Even though it was clear that Punjab and Haryana were overdrawing power when the grid collapsed, both the governments were quick to blame each other.Punjab State Power Corporation Limited director (generation) Arun Verma said Haryana overdrew more than Punjab on Monday as well as Tuesday when the northern grid collapsed.Haryana power minister Ajay Yadav, on the other hand, said Haryana was not the only state overdrawing and should not be solely blamed for the mess.Power supply resumed gradually in Punjab by 3.30pm and by 5.30, transmission in the entire state returned to normal. A holiday in Punjab on the occasion of 73rd martyrdom day of Udham Singh came as a relief for the government employees in the state.Arun Verma said, \"We got the initial back up from Bhakra main line and within two hours our thermal power stations were back in action. By 5.30pm we had restored power in the entire state.\"In Haryana, power restoration had started by 4pm and, according to officials, the entire state would get supply by 8pm.In Himachal, electricity supply in most parts was restored by 5.30pm and in the remaining areas by 6.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15302390", "title": "'Gallantry a thing of the past'", "text": "LONDON: The gallantry of men who let women and children to be saved first when the liner Titanic sank was an exception as a new study has claimed that men including crew are much more likely to survive maritime disasters.The policy of women and children first on the Titanic led to 70% of these groups being saved, compared with just 20% of the men. But Swedish researchers have found that this act of gallantry was an exception as men on British ships were particularly quick to grab a spot on the lifeboats.Researchers from Uppsala University studied 16 sinkings that have occurred since the 1850s involving around 15,000 passengers and crew, the Daily Mail reported.\"Most notably, it seems as if it is the policy of the captain, rather than the moral sentiments of men, that determines whether women get preferential treatment,\" the researchers said. \" We show that the survival rate of women is, on average, only about half that of men,\" the researchers said. \"We also find that crew members have a higher survival rate than passengers. Children appear to have the lowest survival rate,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303406", "title": "After accident, 3-hour wait for CT scan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two students of Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS), Sector 40, were injured in a road accident when a car hit their bike in Sector 40 on Tuesday. One of them, Daljeet Singh, 19, underwent CT scan for his head injuries after a delay of three hours at GMSH-16 -- just because of power failure. While his friend, Rahul suffered injuries on his nose and his condition was stated to be stable.Daljeet's father Kulwinder Singh, said, \"Doctors too were helpless.\" Daljeet a student of Class XII was riding his motorcycle with Rahul of Class X riding pillion. Daljeet and Rahul are residents of Dadumajra village, Sector 38.SHO of PS-39, Inspector Charanjeet Singh said Daljeet does not have valid documents for driving. A DDR was registered at police station, Sector 39.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304629", "title": "A cricket rivalry to savour and salute", "text": "There are bridges that make two cities one, bridges that connect islands and bridges that cross rivers. And then there is a bridge that gave birth to Mumbai's two iconic cricket clubs.The British engineers from Great Indian Penninsular Company of Railway built the Tilak Bridge in 1923 as a great service to the people of east and west Dadar. But little did those engineers realise that this connection would give birth to the healthy rivalry between two elite clubs of Mumbai cricket: Dadar Union and Shivaji Park.The reservoir of talent had split into two. But perhaps this connection enhanced the talent even further. The two clubs in competing with each other, would play to their potential. It was said that when these two clubs met in a tournament, cricket lovers would flock to the ground much before players arrived. Time and again players lived up to their reputation, regaling the spectators.Vasu Paranjape, captain of Dadar Union for two decades, doesn't remember a match that was one sided \"The match used to spur both teams. There was hardly any difference man to man. The team that held their nerve on the day would win. I remember Ajit (Wadekar) and Vishu (Bondre) got a lot of runs against us. The rivalry was healthy and there were hardly any incidents when umpires had to intervene.\"But once an altercation did take place between Vijay Manjrekar and Urmikant Modi. As usual, Manjrekar made a caustic remark when Modi appealed. In the evening, skipper Naren Tamhane made Modi apologise to Manjrekar. Next day, Modi was riding his scooter when he saw Manjrekar standing in the queue at the bus stop. He stopped his scooter and went to Manjrekar. Seconds later, the pillion seat of Modi's scooter had Manjrekar on it. Modi dropped him at his office. That was the spirit then.Shivaji Park Gymkhana (SPG) had a strong batting line up with Madhu Patil, Vijay Manjrekar and Manohar Hardikar. Later, Ajit Wadekar and Sudhakar Adhikari joined them. Gupte brothers, Ramakant Desai and Padmakar Shivalkar were the bowlers. So skillful were they that the size of the ground wasn't an issue for these players.Dadar Union was equally strong with disciplinarian Madhav Mantri leading the team. Ramnath Kenny, Amaladi brothers, P K Kamath, S N Shankar, Naren Tamhane backed by fast bowlers Narayan Pai, Vitthal Patil, Kamlakar Panjari and left-armer Urmikant Modi.Wadekar says, \"We were really scared of Ramnath Kenny. He was a superb batsman with an all-round game. And as a bowler, Nanu (Narayan) Pai was really quick and nasty. He would aim at your ribs all the time. Urmi Modi was a bit sharp. Vitthal Patil was good too, but a bit slow. I faced him well. I remember getting a double hundred in the Matunga Gymkhana invitation tournament against them at Shivaji Park.\"Once when Dadar Union were chasing 227 against Shivaji Park Gymkhana, Vasu Paranjape unexpectedly went to bat ahead of Avi Karnik. Ramakant Desai was bowling quick and Paranjape hit two straight sixes to unsettle him. He ended up scoring a brilliant 126.Karnik recalls, \"That was a brilliant knock. He hit everybody out of the attack.\"Sunil Gavaskar, who played for Dadar Union in the 70s along with Vengsarkar and Ramnath Parkar says, \"The rivalry between Dadar Union and Shivaji Park Gymkhana was intense and well known in Mumbai cricket circles. The greatest tribute to Dadar Union was paid by late Vijay Manjrekar, a staunch SPG member, by sending his son Sanjay to play for Dadar Union instead of Shivaji Park Gymkhana. That Sanjay today is respected as an upright, honest chronicler and commentator is largely due to his association with Dadar Union at the start of his career.\"That most of the Bombay Test stars from 50s to 70s came from these two clubs is a tribute to the spirit of the game. Dadar Union and Shivaji Park Gymkhana represent an era that seems long lost. It was a time when people played for the sake of the game.With authentic sportsmanship, they played cricket like a sport, not business. Perhaps the adage 'Competition results in excellence' was written while watching a match between these two clubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301866", "title": "At July end, no sowing in 40% area", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Truant rains drops are planting harsh ground realities in Gujarat. So far, only 62 per cent of the agriculture land has been sown. This is 17 per cent less than the figure for the last year at July end.State government said that in 2011, the sowing was carried out in 77 per cent of the 87.98 lakh hectares (ha) land that was under cultivation. While over the last fortnight sowing operations have picked up because of relatively better rains, the farm production is going to be far from satisfactory.The latest figures of sowing operations in the state released on Tuesday revealed that as against 67.87 lakh ha cultivated till July 31 last year, this year's figure has touched 54.54 lakh ha.A government official said the groundnut sowing was carried out on 71 per cent of the area usually covered. Groundnut sowing takes place in 15.88 lakh ha area, but this year it is just 11.32 lakh ha. This is again 17 per cent less than last year. Till July 16, 2010, groundnut sowing had already been carried out on 11.15 lakh ha.There is a drastic fall in cotton sowing too. Against the 26.93 lakh ha sowed with cotton last year, 21.92 lakh ha has the crop growing this time. Gujarat accounts for one-third of the country's cotton production. The official said that the there has been a downfall in the area under cultivation of two other major oil seeds, castor and soybean.Apart from cotton and groundnut, vegetable and corn are the only other crops with sowing crossing the 40 per cent area mark. However, millet sowing has crossed the last year's figure. In 2011, 3.55 lakh ha of area was sown with millet as against 3.61 lakh ha this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299742", "title": "Airoli school to press charges against driver", "text": "MUMBAI: The management of EuroSchool, Airoli, has decided to press charges against the driver of the BEST bus that rammed into one of the institution's buses in Nahur on Monday, injuring 15.School bus operator Christopher D'Souza said, \"We were supposed to meet the management on Tuesday to decide on the kind of charges the BEST driver should face. But the meeting did not take place.\"We will surely meet in two days as we agree that strict action should be taken against him.\"About the injured, principal Natasha Mehta said, \"Except for Rutvi Shah (5), who had a surgery, all the children who were caught in the mishap were in school today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15303225", "title": "I wish I had not granted Paan Singh leave: Colonel Mansingh", "text": "MHOW: \"Had I not granted him leave, he would have possibly not turned a criminal,\" says Col (retired) GC Mansingh, 80, while recalling his association with Paan Singh Tomar.\"All was going well and the army was very pleased with his performances in sports along with his brave acts in the 1971 Bangladesh war. One day, Tomar came to me and asked for leave as there was some tension at his home because of enmity with another family. I sanctioned his leave. Later I heard that after reaching his village in Bhind district, he shot two persons and got arrested. And thus, a star performer of the Indian army became a bandit and a deadly criminal,' adds Mansingh.Col (retired) GC Mansingh, 80, has a large number of citations and awards for his distinguished services, both in war and peace. He has the distinction of building world's highest road at Changla Pass (18000 feet) near Leh. Also, he has built the road map of the most difficult roads on Indian borders such as Manali- Upshi road in Himachal Pradesh, Tangdhar- Nagina road in Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Rohtang &amp; Baralaha passes in Sikkim. He was in Mhow recently and took time off to share his association with Paan Singh Tomar with TOI.Colonel , who was commissioned in the 58 Engineers of Bengal Sappers told that Tomar got recruited as a sepoy and came to his company. He completed his training at the regimental centre in Roorkee but his Kasam parade could not take place as his police verification was awaited. Singh was then a lieutenant and the adjutant of the battalion, and used to call Tomar every week on the issue of police verification. One evening, Tomar came to Singh and confessed that he belonged to a family of bandits, because of which some cases were pending against him. However, he expressed his desire of continuing with army and not to become a bandit. On this, Singh requested Bhind SP to give a positive report and it was agreed.Singh recalls that Tomar was very good at running and when their battalion was at Jammu, he used to go to Vaishno Devi shrine on motorcycle with Pan Singh running for that distance on one side. He participated in regimental competitions and soon became the national champion in 40 KM marathon and steeple chase race. Thereafter, he represented the country in Asiad and won the bronze medal in steeplechase event.\"His achievements helped him get out-of-turn promotions, and he had become a Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) despite being an illiterate,' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308638", "title": "Nani\u2019s new film Janda Pai Kapiraju launched", "text": "Nani is teaming up with critically acclaimed Tamil director Samuthakani for his next film, Janda Pai Kapiraju. The film was launched today at the Annapurna Studios. Veteran director Dasari Narayana Rao was the chief guest for the event. Noted Tollywood producers like Tammareddy Bharadwaja, C Kalyan, RB Chowdharay, KS Rama Rao and Gemini Kiran were also present at the ceremony.Nani thinks this is the toughest role he has played so far in his career. \"This is the most challenging role I have come across in my career and I am looking forward to it,\" says Nani. He is playing the lead opposite Amala Paul in the movie.It is a bilingual which has two different heroes for both versions. Jayam Ravi is playing the lead in the Tamil version. GV Prakash is composing the music for this movie to be produced by KS Srinivas. The film will start its first schedule from tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301263", "title": "Janmashtami: Nagpur to hold first dahi handi for girls", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur girls will soon storm another male bastion as Itwari Navyuvak Mandal has organized a dahi handi for them for the first time in the city. Dahi handi has been organized every year in Itwari since last 31 years but there was no competition for girls. The event will be organized on the afternoon of August 10.The Mandal has also decided to create awareness about female foeticide through this event. The participants as well as the spectators will be provided pamphlets on this menace. A competition will be organized for women on this topic.Organizer Sanjay Khule, who is a Congress activist, said that the Mandal will send letters to the authorities of B. Ed colleges, LAD college, engineering and medical colleges. \"We are certain that we will get response from some of these institutions. We will also send letters to Durga Vahini. If we don't then we will try to ensure that at least women Congress activists participate in the event.\"Dahi handi for girls had started in Mumbai years ago. Last year also we had tried to do it but were not successful. This time we have taken care of all the problems we faced last year. We will provide Rs11,000 to the first four girls' teams that register with us,\" Khule said.Since this the inaugural event, the organizers have reduced the height of the handi. \"It will be 55 feet for men as usual but for girls it will be 25 feet. The prize for men's event is Rs5.55 lakh but for women it is Rs1.11 lakh. When the girls' event becomes popular we will increase the prize money,\" Khule said.Turning to history of the event, he said that earlier it was only organized at Itwari Tonga Stand and Badkas Square. However, soon the event became popular and it is now organized in Pratap Nagar. \"Teams from Madhya Pradesh too participate in our men's event,\" said Khule", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15300694", "title": "SGPC suspends Guru Granth Sahib varsity VC", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) suspended the vice-chancellor of Fatehgarh Sahib based Guru Granth Sahib World University, Jasbir Singh Ahluwalia, on Tuesday.\"Ahluwalia is suspended for committing various irregularities and a charge sheet would be served to him soon,\" said SGPC general secretary Sukhdev Singh Bhaur. However, he refused to give details of irregularities allegedly committed by Ahluwalia, saying the decision was taken in a meeting of the university trust held recently in Chandigarh.Ahluwalia's tenure remained controversial with various Sikh bodies, including Dal Khalsa, SAD (Panch Pardani) and Damdami Taksal, seeking his removal. Representatives of various Sikh groups, including Harpal Singh Cheema, Mohkam Singh and SGPC member Kulbir Singh Barapind, had also submitted a protest letter to SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar, who is the university chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300797", "title": "Haryana offers gunmen to Maruti officials", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to boost the morale of officials of Maruti Suzuki India's Manesar plant, Haryana government has offered to provide gunmen to the company's staff for security.State director general of police RS Dalal told TOI the government has planned to offer personal security officers (PSOs) to the officials of Maruti, who feel threatened after the violent clash at the plant on July 18. \"It's difficult to tell the exact number of officials wanting the security at the moment,\" Dalal added.A general manager of the company's human resources department was charred to death while 100 were injured in clashes between the workers and the management.Thereafter, the company had declared a lock-out on July 21 stating that safety and health of employees were its paramount concern.According to sources, the government has now sent a proposal to the company seeking a list of officials, who want security cover. \"Many among the officials seeking security cover may be witnesses in the case,\" said the DGP.The government has also decided to deploy a 650-strong police battalion, led by an IPS officer, in the Manesar industrial area, he added. \"After the unfortunate incident at Maruti plant, we are doing all efforts to restore normalcy,\" Dalal said.The move has come at a time when the state police has sought sanction for recruiting 11,500 policemen, including 100 DSPs. At present, the state has around 46,000 cops, including officers, against the sanctioned strength of 54,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300087", "title": "Govt accepts Hegde's report on illegal mining", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP government claims that it has officially accepted former Lokayukta Justice Santosh Hedge's report on illegal mining. Or that's what they want us to believe.Replying to a question raised by Tanveer Sait (Congress) in the legislative assembly on Tuesday, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said: \"The cabinet under the previous government (Sadananda Gowda) had accepted the reports and it is already taken steps to implement it.\"He also reeled out measures initiated by the government in his written reply. But the opposition parties refused to buy his argument. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said: \"The CM was misleading the House. When the government has not taken concrete action, how can he claim they have accepted it? We can believe that the government is serious about the report if they manage to recover Rs 16,000 crore.\"It was on July 27 last year that the Karnataka Lokayukta submitted its 25,000-page report, which has had huge political implications for the state, leading to the resignation of BS Yeddyurappa as chief minister. Besides putting the total loss to the exchequer for the period between 2006 and 2010 at Rs 16,085 crore because of illegal mining, the report named over 700 officials of the government, accusing them of conniving in illegal mining.But the government appointed a committee under the chairmanship of former bureaucrat K Jairaj to look into the allegations against officials and fixed the responsibility on few officials in the lower rung before forwarding it to the Lokayukta office seeking some clarifications.Action taken* Suspended 40 officials and staff and issued show-cause notices to 257 who have been named in the Lokayukta report* Transferred 66 officials and staff from Bellary district* Show-cause notices issued to five IAS and one IPS officers, and disciplinary action taken against three officials of Mysore Minerals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "15300501", "title": "Malnutrition claims 3 lives in tea garden", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Three residents, including a three-year-old girl, of the closed down Kumalai Tea Estate have fallen prey to malnutrition over the past 48 hours. While Rita Oraon (53) died on Monday, Sumita Bhokta (25) and Sumian Oraon died on Tuesday.It has been clearly stated in the victims' death certificates that they died of acute anaemia which is a direct fallout of malnutrition, said sources. Rita lived in the garden's Neora line, while Sumita and Sumian lived in the Nayakaman settlement.Two women tea garden workers and a three-year-old girl died of malnutrition in the closed Kumlai Tea Estate in Jalpaiguri's Malbazar since Monday. While Rita Oraon, 53 died on Monday, Sumita Bhokta, 25, and three-year-old Sumian Oraon died on Tuesday. Their death certificates state that they died of anaemia due to malnutrition. Rita lived in the garden's Neora line while Sumita and Sumian lived in its Nayakaman settlement.The garden has been closed for a over month now after its management abandoned the place following labour unrest. Though the state government had convened tripartite meetings several times since the closure, the management hasn't bothered to attend any didn't attend any of them.Local sources said that about 1,100 workers of the tea garden were living in penury ever since the with no wages and rations ever since production was stopped a month ago. Their wages have been discontinued and they do not have the means to buy food. Moreover, the WBSEDCL has disconnected electricity supply to the garden as the management failed to didn't pay the its power bills.Malbazar SDO Narayan Chandra Biswas visited the garden on Tuesday along with relief department staff. The administration has also opened a medical camp to conduct health check-up on workers. Another tripartite meeting has been convened on Friday and the management has been asked to attend it. \"The problem of malnutrition among workers will end only when the garden reopens,\" said Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300037", "title": "Refund appears doubtful, Karnataka Examination Authority hopes to tackle issue", "text": "BANGALORE: Lucky are the ones who had officials to respond to their stories of harassment for extra fees. But for those who have already paid the fees, it will be a struggle now.The Karnataka Examination Authority plans to write to the government, asking it to intervene.\"Karnataka Examination Authority has no jurisdictional authority over the fees for engineering and medical courses. However, after having received many complaints over the same, we are voicing students' concerns. Many students who have already paid the excess fee have asked us whether they would get a refund. We are putting the message across to the government. The colleges can either look at a refund or adjust it against the second semester fees. This is our suggestion. We would request the government to take a decision,\" said Rashmi V, executive director, KEA.The letter is likely to be sent to the higher education department on Wednesday.Time for confirmation extendedCandidates who have not confirmed their joining status through the KEA website will have to report back through their login account on the website, regarding their details by 5pm on Wednesday.The time period has been extended after many students were stuck with the excess fee issue. Moreover, many colleges in the city also reported a major rush on Tuesday, making it difficult for them to complete the process in time.If the students fail to confirm by Wednesday, their allotted seat will be cancelled though they might have physically reported to their college.The admission round seat confirmation process, payment of prescribed fee and collection of admission order for joining their respective colleges by candidates who have exercised Choice 1 concluded on Tuesday.In all, 1,332 candidates in medical, 131 in dental, 146 in ISM&H;, 19,285 in engineering and 131 for architecture courses have collected their admission orders. Totally, 21,025 candidates have collected their admission orders till date, while 19,859 candidates have confirmed that they have joined college after collecting their admission orders.I learnt about the KEA circular through the newspapers. The circular said an aggrieved medical candidate can reach out to the vice-chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences in case of a college demanding more money than prescribed. But unfortunately, no message has reached us. Colleges should adhere to the fee prescribed by law. In case a college collects more money than approved, there are certain provisions with RGUHS against such institutions and we will definitely act accordingly. But we have not received any complaint by any student or parent yet.-- D Prem Kumar, registrar, Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299841", "title": "It's a challenge to policing", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister R Ashoka's decision to include Nelamangala under the city police commissioner jurisdiction is being seen as a challenge. \"Already eight murders have been reported in that area and all were the result of rivalry between Bethanagere Seena and Bethanagere Shankara,\" a senior police officer said.\"Nelamangala has become a sensitive area due to the land mafia and soaring prices. It's high time police acted sternly against anti-social elements,\" he said.According to senior police officers, Nelamangala is facing many technological problems. \"Policing in Nelamangala and surrounding areas is not like in city limits. Inclusion will definitely upgrade Nelamangala police,\" a senior officer said. He added, \"Like any city jurisdiction, Nelamangala will have one deputy commissioner of police and assistant commissioner of police besides an inspector and sub-inspectors. This will definitely give a boost to policing,\" he said.Where is Nelamangala?Around 35km from the city on the Tumkur highway, Nelamangala once had large tracts of agricultural and barren land. It now has innumerable layouts and residential localities. Land price is increasing by the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300383", "title": "New York sends JC Bose plaque to Presidency University", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) deciding to will award a plaque to Presidency University for the works of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose in the field of science, the stalwart will finally get the recognition that was pending since long.\"It will be a awarded for recognition of the pioneering scientific discovery by the great Indian scientist in the field of Microwave and Millimetre wave engineering. The institute has also informed us that this is the first milestone in India which has been approved by IEEE,\" said vice-chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar.She added, \"According to the norms of any prestigious institute, the milestone plaque will be sent from the IEEE headquarters in New York and put up in would be laid in the location of the main building, near the Acharya Prafulla Chandra Roy plaque which was awarded to the university by the Royal Society of Chemistry in UK.\"The milestone dedication ceremony is likely to be held in mid-September. It will be attended by IEEE president Gordon W Day and the president elect 2012, Peter Staeker, will be present in the milestone dedication ceremony in mid-September. \"The university means heritage, the receiving of the plaque is an acknowledgement. Oxford, Cambridge and Harvard have produced generations of great people and activists. Presidency is also a rare institute in India which has produced stalwarts who are internationally recognised. Bose is one of them,\" said an elated Sarkar.Bikash Sinha, former director of the Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, was overjoyed at the news. said,\"He should have won the Nobel prize for his discovery of radio waves. It's a pity that he missed it. As an experimental physician, Bose set a new , modern trend in experimental science in India. His works with plants were path-breaking as well. Unfortunately, Bose never got his due recognition. So, this plaque is a fitting tribute to a great man. The IEEE is a prestigious institution and I feel very happy that, though late, it has finally recognized his efforts, though late.\"\"The plaque is a recognition that the institute has produced a galaxy of stars and it is an inspiration to everyone associated with this university,\" Sarkar said.Sarkar said, \"Bose was a student of Christ College in Cambridge University. A bust has been constituted and there was also a celebration which was held to commemorate his contribution in the field of Microwave and Millimetre Wave engineering that later which led to the discovery of radio.\"The VC added, the university has a rich heritage associated with science. of the university which is associated with science is elaborate.Name any stalwart in the field of science and one can trace his or her find his association with Presidency College. There is a galaxy of names. The first international commemoration was achieved by the Presidency university through the PC Roy plaque which was awarded given by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It was the first time that they had given a plaque outside Europe. Similarly, this will add another feather to our cap.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15300719", "title": "Students urged to help stop ragging", "text": "Lohardaga: District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) has urged students of Baldeo Sahu College to help prevent ragging in every possible way. In a legal awareness camp organized on the orders from National Legal Services Authority (NLSA), P K Chaurasia, DLSA secretary, said though there is no specific Act against ragging, an offender can be punished under Sections 323, 324 and 325 of IPC.\"Ragging came to India from army schools of England. It first entered technical schools in India in a harmless form, but gradually acquired an evil shape. At some places, ragging has even claimed lives of students. The Supreme Court ordered the University Grant Commission to prevent ragging after a student committed suicide at a school in 2006Anti-ragging committees are being formed at schools and colleges and the move has proved its significance as students have understood the ill effects of ragging,\" said Chaurasia.Several students and teachers participated in the special session on ragging. Principal Lohra Oraon said BS College has not witnessed any case of ragging or violence this session. \"Since I took over as in-charge Principal, no untoward incident has occurred in the college,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15301718", "title": "Karnataka State Finance Corporation to fund supermarket", "text": "DHARWAD: The HDMC has approached the Karnataka State Finance Corporation (KSFC) to upgrade the existing supermarket in Dharwad.Mayor Pandurang Patil told reporters here on Monday that the HDMC had been sending proposals to the state government since1984 for the development of supermarket but the urban development department was rejecting the proposals citing one reason or the other. The proposal sent recently has also been rejected prompting the HDMC to look for alternative source for funding the project. Accordingly it has approached the KSFC to fund the project and the JSFC has accepted the proposal, Patil said.The KSFC will also be made a nodal unit till the loan given by them to the HDMC to upgrade the market is returned. The work on new project would commence in next 15 days and is expected to be complete in a year, he added. Shops will be given on rent to businessmen and there will be no sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302683", "title": "AC bus service begins on Mumbai-Nashik route today", "text": "NASHIK: Already having lost the opportunity of doing business during the summer season, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is starting its air-conditioned 'Sheetal' bus service between Nashik and Mumbai from Wednesday instead of the earlier proposal of plying on the Nashik-Pune route.\"There has been a heavy demand by Nashikites travelling to Mumbai for starting a state-owned air-conditioned bus service. Accordingly, the MSRTC is starting the service from August 1,\" said divisional controller Kailas Deshmukh. who during earlier interactions with TOI had said that service could be started on Nashik-Pune route because of the demand there.The MSRTC had earlier obtained permission for operating three AC-Volvo Shivneri buses, between Nashik and Pune of which one service has been put on hold due to an inadequate response since the beginning itself, MSRTC sources of the Nashik division said.The MSRTC has now decided to start only one Sheetal bus service on Nashik - Mumbai route. Departure will begin at The bus will start and it will start its journey at 6.45 am from Nashik to arrive in Mumbai at 11am. The bus is schedued to leave Mumbai at 1.30pm to reach Nashik at 5.45 pm. The fare is pegged at Rs 264 as against Rs 198 of semi-luxury buses plying on the same route. \"The success of the service will determine whether the number of buses on the route would be increased or expanded to other routes,\" the official said.As against Shivneri bus - built on on Volvo chasis and taken on lease from a private the Sheetal bus has been built on a Tata-chasis and is owned by the corporation.Though the employees' union welcomes the bus service between Nashik and Mumbai instead of earlier plan of introducing the service between Nashik and Pune, the office-bearer also pointed out MSRTC had taken the step only to help the survival of Shivneri.While the fare of semi-luxury (Asiad) on Pune-route was Rs 218 per head and that of Shivneri was Rs 425 per head, the Sheetal was expected around Rs 310 per head. \"Introduction of Sheetal would have definitely affected the business of Shivneri here,\" an office-bearer felt. He further added that the corporation should allow reasonable time for the bus service to setttle down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300060", "title": "Proactive top officials do their bit", "text": "BANGALORE: Students left high and dry during the crucial admission hour could turn only to the higher authorities for relief. And they were not disappointed. The only silver lining was the proactive role the authorities played to keep colleges in check.Sample this: a student who had got a seat in the Scheduled Caste quota in Kasturba Medical College (KMC) was asked to pay up Rs 95,000. The SC student, who need not pay any fee as she comes under the quota, travelled from Manipal to Bangalore and reported the matter to the Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA). The matter was brought to the notice of the principal secretary of medical education and the office immediately intervened. The college principal was called up and the matter settled.Similarly, four cases were reported to Visvesvaraya College of Engineering, including MVJ College of Engineering, Bangalore. \"I got a call from the executive director of KEA. Initially when I called the colleges, they denied that any such incident had taken place. But later they admitted to it, and the students were taken on board,\" said SA Kori, registrar, VTU.\"We attended to every case individually. Every case was put on to the authorities concerned - VTU, RGUHS, director of medical and technical education. Things could be changed in favour of the students because of the proactive role played by these bodies,\" said Rashmi V, executive director, KEA.However, parents are worried about the attitude of the colleges once admissions are done. \"What if they start asking for fees from next year? We will again have to seek the help of these authorities. How many times can we do that? I hope there will be no differential treatment to my child as we had complained,\" said a mother.KEA also put out contact points in case students meet with such difficulties. By Tuesday evening, around 19,859 of the 21,025 who got admission forms confirmed they would join their colleges by logging onto the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300920", "title": "Woman renews paternity suit against BJD lawmaker", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Buoyed by the country-wide sensation over the case of veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari, Bhubaneswar-based Sanjita has renewed her prolonged battle to establish BJD MLA Arabinda Dhali as her biological father.Twenty-six-year-old Sanjita has been claiming Dhali as her father since 2009, even though the lawmaker has repeatedly denied her assertion. The mother of two minor girls on Tuesday met the chairperson of the State Commission for Women (SCW) seeking legal assistance to vacate an Orissa high court stay order, which Dhali had got while challenging SCW's earlier order to conduct a DNA test on him.\"I have lost faith in my lawyer as he has failed to vacate the stay order. Since my case is moving at a snail's pace, I have urged the SCW to provide me with a good lawyer,\" said Sanjita. \"Since my father belongs to the ruling party, he is influencing everyone to prove me wrong,\" she said.Former SCW chairperson Usha Padhee on August 11, 2009 had asked the Mahila police in Bhubaneswar to collect blood samples for DNA test to verify Sanjita's claim. Dhali had moved the HC and managed to obtain a stay order within a couple of months. \"I have become optimistic following the developments in the N D Tiwari case. Why is Dhali hesitating to go for DNA test?\" Sanjita asked.SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi said, \"We will definitely provide her legal assistance. SCW has already passed a DNA test order in 2009, but we cannot challenge the HC order.\"Sanjita had kicked up a storm in July 2009 by filing a complaint at the Mahila police station demanding action against Dhali, who allegedly tortured her and forcibly married her off to his driver, Rajiv Majumdar, at the age of 14. Even after her marriage, she was allegedly tortured by her husband and in-laws and had gone to Dhali for help, but to no avail. She had fled Majumdar's house nearly four years ago. She had also allegedly attempted suicide by gulping some sleeping pills on September 16, 2010.Sanjita got some relief as the family court here on January 17, 2011 asked her estranged husband Majumdar to pay monthly maintenance of Rs 12,000 to her. \"But he is paying Rs 7,000 per month violating the court order,\" Sanjita said. Sanjita's mentor and social activist Rutuparna Mohanty said they would hit the streets against Dhali if he does not agree to the DNA test demand.While Dhali was not available for comment on Tuesday, he had earlier rubbished the allegations against him. \"Why will I agree for DNA test for her baseless allegations? I have already submitted enough proof of the fact that she is not my daughter, in the SDJM court, Malkangiri. I need not go for DNA test now,\" Dhali had said in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15297137", "title": "Revolution without ideas", "text": "Anna's aims are laudable, but he should not make fasting his sole means of protestAs Anna Hazare's fast-unto-death enters the fourth day, the UPA government has shown no signs of relenting on Team Anna's main demand: the enactment of an effective Lokpal Bill to curb corruption in the top echelons of the establishment. Ironically, this is a country where millions go hungry every day without attracting public attention. But fasting voluntarily and with such frequency to press for the noblest of all causes today - prevention of corruption - has seldom been witnessed in independent India before. Not surprisingly, it has attracted unprecedented attention and adulation.However, while undertaking repeated fasts for enactment of an effective Lokpal Bill underlines the unwavering commitment and courage of Team Anna, at the same time it highlights certain other facts. It shows the agitators are not trying to build a parallel mass base on the strength of a constructive programme, as was done by Mahatma Gandhi. Fasting is the last weapon in the armoury of a non-violent movement, and its rampant use tends to blunt the edge of the weapon.While Gandhi, the creator of this weapon, used it on many occasions, he had many other weapons too in his armoury, especially his constructive social programme. Team Anna, however, lacks other tools of mass mobilisation or social reconstruction. Fasts, undertaken by whosoever, even Gandhi - have an element of drama and suspense in it, which is why they attract such a lot of public attention.But getting the nation's attention solely through this prism poses danger for Team Anna, which might ultimately in public perception be reduced to the status of a brave drama troupe. They might finally look, in nature if not in magnitude of impact, like a street-play group that has the good intention of inducing social change and awareness.To quote V S Naipaul on the JP movement in India: A Wounded Civilisation: \"The revolution was an expression of rage and rejection; but it was a revolution without ideas. It was an emotional outburst, a wallow; it would not have taken India forward...\" Though harsh in tone and tenor, the comment conveys a powerful message.The JP movement, which was without doubt the most powerful protest movement that took place in independent India, left important lessons for the posterity of revolutionaries and reformers wanting to bring macro-level change in the country. JP himself wrote that for a revolution to succeed it required a revolutionary leadership as well as a revolutionary organisation. JP forgot to mention that it also required a revolutionary programme of action. In his movement, only one component was present: a revolutionary leadership. There was no attempt to build a revolutionary organisation to assist the leadership and no revolutionary programme of action, detailing a broad roadmap for change. It was not surprising that the movement finally failed.After JP's, Anna's is the second powerful pan-Indian movement that seeks to bring about macro-level change in the country in a non-violent manner. However, it needs to draw from both the Gandhi-led movement before Independence, and the JP-led movement of the 1970s. Its persistence is entirely laudable, but Anna's movement suffers from many pitfalls.If Anna's group had projected itself as a pressure group for fighting corruption, these pitfalls would not have been evident. However, Anna's hunger seems to be wider. After breaking his fast last year Anna said he was hungry for nothing less than a total revolution, which put his group in a different perspective and whetted the nation's appetite for more.Mahatma Gandhi once said that fasting might not succeed against 'tyrants'. Team Anna will do well to understand that it is up against tyrannical rulers, who subject millions of Indians to abject poverty year after year and decade after decade by siphoning off public money and making a farce of governance and development.That is not to say fasts are no more relevant as a pressure tactic. But the strategy to deal with rulers forever postponing the creation of an effective anti-corruption body has to be redesigned. First, the movement has to be made more holistic. There has to be a larger vision and roadmap for the country. A countrywide constructive programme has to be undertaken, and a revolutionary organisation created which believes in non-violence not as a policy but as a creed.In addition, the onslaught has to be not against one party or individuals aligned to one party but against all corrupt parties. Selective onslaught has made the Anna movement appear to many as partisan, designed to damage the political prospects of one party, while benefiting another almost equally corrupt party, heading some of the most corrupt state governments.This perception is bound to erode Team Anna's moral quality, which initially made it the darling of the masses and the youth, when Anna undertook his historic 12-day fast at Ramlila Ground in Delhi in August 2011. In addition, the organisation, breaking out of a leadership coterie should broaden itself with fresh inductions on the basis of merit and a transparent system of elections.The closest example here is the Indian National Congress of the olden times, which was founded and controlled by a British civil servant - A O Hume in the beginning. It, however, gradually evolved into a vehicle of mass participation, allowing different people to take up leadership at different times based on democratically conducted organisational elections. The sooner this is understood the better it is for Team Anna and, perhaps, the country.The writer is national convener, the Citizens Commission for National Issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "15303658", "title": "Rain makes them dance", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: A day to celebrate rainy season and knock the humidity out is what kids' Tuesday was like at a rain dance party held in Mothers Pride Pre School.Some kept jumping under the showers and sprinklers, while some sat chilling and splashing water in a splash pools, but none missed the chance to have fun in their mini water park.The kids some music too to add to the entertainment and danced on latest songs and dhol beats under cool rain shower. Even the teachers weren't spared by the naughty ones as they splashed water on any one they could find close enough.\"There was absolute hoopla at the school today as the kids were excited and loved the water activity a lot. They jumped and danced under the shower and lured us, teachers and other staff, into joining them too\" said teacher Teena Sood from Bhagat Singh Nagar.Principal Shobhan Soi said \"Kids had the time of their lives in water, danced, splashing and laughing away to glory, as they also got rid of the humid heat. Even the parents like such activities and motivate us to organize them over and over.\" Division No. 3 resident Ankit Grover said his daughter loves rains and this rain party at the school is her favourite activity.\"My son enjoyed the shower and made new friends dancing in the rain. It was fun watching him all excited,\" said Sheenam Kareer, who resides at Punjab Mata Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300514", "title": "Court acquits 2 murder accused", "text": "PUNE: Six years after Dhiraj Gunwant Tongale (20), the son of a businessman in Jalgaon, was allegedly kidnapped and murdered for a ransom of Rs 50 lakh, the district and sessions court here on Tuesday acquitted two suspects due to discrepancies in investigations conducted by the Pune police.The acquitted include Amit Dinesh Jha (27) and Badalsingh Govardhansingh (27), both from Bihar.The prosecution's case was that Jha, Govardhansingh, Jugnusingh Surendrasinh (22) - who was later killed in an encounter by the Bihar police - and accused on the run Sonusingh Surendrasinh (28) of Bihar had allegedly kidnapped Tongale of Pashan-Sus road on the pretext of giving him a question paper on January 4, 2006.According to the prosecution, Tongale was taken to Jha's row house in Wakad where he was killed. The suspects had dumped the body at Pirangut ghat on the Mulshi road on January 5. They had used Tongale's sim card to demand a ransom of Rs 50 lakh from his father, while also threatening to kill his eldest son, Pankaj.Jha, a graduate, looked after his US-based brother's marketing business in Pune. Tongale, who was pursuing his BCom degree from Shivaji University, Kolhapur, had shifted to the city five months prior to his murder to prepare for his MBA exams. He had met Jha at a coaching class. Jha had introduced the other suspects to Tongale since they were all residing at his row house.Based on the information provided by Tongale's elder brother, Pankaj, the police had nabbed Jha and later Govardhansingh and filed a chargesheet against them for committing an offence of kidnapping, ransom and murder.The trial in the case began before additional sessions judge D R Mahajan. The prosecution had examined 26 witnesses, but its case got a severe jolt as six witnessed turned hostile. The evidence of other witnesses - including Pankaj; his father, Gunwant; a medical officer and senior inspector Govind Pawar - did not help prove the guilt of the accused.Defence lawyers Harshad Nimbalkar and Vidhyadhar Koshe said the police had not conducted proper investigations. They had not collected documents to prove the ownership of Tongale's sim card seized from Jha and no investigations were conducted in respect of the handset seized from Jha. The lawyers pointed out discrepancies in the medical evidence as well and said the police had not conducted an identification parade of the suspects or questioned Jha's house help and security guard.The defence lawyers pleaded that their clients be acquitted. The court upheld the defence lawyers' plea and acquitted the duo due to lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298881", "title": "Traffic thrown out of gear on Old City roads", "text": "HYDERABAD: Traffic came to a halt in the Old City on Monday, signalling the onset of Ramzan shopping frenzy. Frustrated motorists were seen navigating through a sea of vehicles and hawkers in several areas even as policemen tried in vain to restore order.Traffic officials said many areas in the Old City witnessed heavy traffic inflows on Monday with an accident involving an auto-rickshaw near Pathargatti making matters worse in the afternoon. The Madina-Charminar stretch choked and diversion from Diwan Devdi, Mir Alam Mandi, Gulzar Houz, and Sardar Mahal resulted in traffic snarls in these localities and beyond. The rains in the evening only added to the woes of the motorists.Shyam Sunder Raju, a motorist who was stuck on Darulshifa main road, said, \"The traffic congestion at Madina was impossible to navigate. So I decided to reach Darulshifa through Chatta Bazaar but it took as much as half an hour to get there.\" He added that traffic in Afzalgunj also came to a standstill owing to street lighting repair works in the area.Traffic cops were seen frantically communicating on their handsets in a bid to get the traffic moving. An official said, \"In the last 15-20 days of Ramzan, the number of hawkers increase. Today seems like the first of those days. Hawkers from outstations also come to sell their wares. We have not yet received any permission for diverting traffic. Last year during the last 10 days of the month, traffic going towards Charminar was diverted through High Court road,\" he said.A senior traffic official said that no traffic diversions are being contemplated for now though traffic management in the coming days will become tougher as the shopping frenzy is expected to heighten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "rajkot/surat", "code": "15302749", "title": "Cong offers cheap housing to women", "text": "RAJKOT/SURAT: With the forthcoming assembly polls in mind, Congress leadership has started making populist announcements to lure the voters. Party leaders have now announced that the Congress would provide housing facility at cheaper rates to women in urban and semi-urban areas across the state.\"If voted to power in the next assembly elections, we will provide 'Ghar nu Ghar' (your own house) to women voters living in 159 municipalities and eight municipal corporations in the state,'' senior leader and former deputy chief minister Narhari Amin at Rajkot on Tuesday said. A similar announcement was made by the Surat rural MP Dr Tushar Chaudhary in Surat.The promise is a part of 'Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012' programme of the Congress to lure voters for the forthcoming assembly polls. The party has declared that proposed 15 lakh houses would be constructed within the next five years. The houses will be of three categories. The Congress leaders said while the land for such housing would be free of cost, the beneficiaries will have to bear the construction cost.Amin claimed that the Congress has in the past provided low-cost housing facility to the urban and rural poor, but BJP stopped all these schemes. \"According to 2011 census, around 24.3 per cent people in the state are living in rented houses and a number of houses are in a bad state,\" he said.\"Any housewife who doesn't have a home for her family qualifies for the proposed scheme. Allotment will be made in a transparent way by draws,\" Dr Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15301925", "title": "Wild boar pounces on morning walker", "text": "MYSORE: Like every morning, Jayanthi Shetty, 53, a homemaker, woke up early on Tuesday and accompanied her husband Narayan Shetty on a walk inside the forest area of Lingambudi Lake. Suddenly a boar attacked Jayanthi leaving her badly injured.She has suffered a fracture in her left leg and is being treated at a private hospital here. Orthopaedist Balakrishna Gowda T N, who is treating her, said the injuries required surgical intervention.Following the attack, the Lingambhudi Lake Forest Committee decided to restrict entry of the visitors to the core area.Narayan told TOI that he and Jayanthi as usual came to the park for a morning walk. He was doing some warm-up exercises while she was walking around the area when the boar attacked her at about 6.15 am.\"I sensed that something was drawing near and thought it was a dog. And before I could alert my wife, the wild animal attacked Jayanthi. Immediately she fell unconscious,\" he stated. A morning walker helped the couple get medical care. It is learnt that the boar tried to attack other morning walkers but luckily they escaped. There were about 50 people in the park at the time.Narayan and Jayanthi are residents of Ramakrishna Nagar. Their daughter lives in Bangalore.LakeviewSpread over 220 acres, the historical lake dating back to Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar period was recently declared as a protected forest. It is a bird sanctuary where the forest department has developed a part as a park.KB Markandaiah, chief conservator of forests, Mysore circle, told TOI that following frequent sighting and attacks by leopards in the city areas, they have now taken up measures to prevent the big cats from entering the areas and are nabbing them.The trapped leopards are relocated to the forests.Safety concernTuesday's incident of boar attack has brought the safety of people living on the fringes of the city to the fore. There has been frequent sighting of wild animals in Mysore for some years now. On several occasions, leopards have been sighted on the outskirts of the city and at the foothills of Chamundi Hills. There have been attacks on people and cattle. This is the first time in Mysore that there has been an attack by a boar, something common in North Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299445", "title": "Only 33% tots exclusively breastfed in first 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malnutrition is responsible for about one third of deaths among children under five. Above two thirds of these deaths, often associated with inappropriate feeding practices, occur during the first year of life.The World Health Organisation now says that nutrition during the first years of life are crucial for life-long health.In infancy, no gift is more precious than breastfeeding, yet barely one in three infants is exclusively breastfed during the first six months of life across the world.The recommendation is clear \u2014 infants start breastfeeding within one hour of life and are exclusively breastfed for six months.Breast milk provides all the energy and nutrients that the infant needs for the first months of life, and it continues to provide up to half of a child's nutritional needs during the second half of the first year, and up to one-third during the second year of life.While breastfeeding is a natural act, it is also a learned behaviour.Research has demonstrated that mothers require active support for establishing and sustaining appropriate breastfeeding practices.Unicef says that despite compelling evidence that exclusive breastfeeding prevents diarrhea and pneumonia, global rates of breastfeeding have remained relatively stagnant in the developing world, growing from 32% in 1995 to 39% in 2010.\"If breastfeeding were promoted more effectively, we would see more children survive, with lower rates of disease and lower rates of malnutrition and stunting,\" said Unicef executive director Anthony Lake.It therefore says that strong national policies supporting breastfeeding could prevent the deaths of around one million children under five in the developing world each year.The recent Lancet Nutrition Series also highlighted the remarkable fact that a non-breastfed child is 14 times more likely to die in the first six months than an exclusively breastfed child.Experts say breast milk promotes sensory and cognitive development and protects the infant against infectious and chronic diseases.Breastfeeding also contributes to the health being of mothers \u2014 it helps to space children and reduces the risk of ovarian cancer and breast cancer. Studies show that women who breastfed their infants had up to a 12% reduced risk of type 2 diabetes for each year they breastfed, decreased the risk of ovarian cancer by up to 21%, decreased the risk of breast cancer by up to 28% in those whose lifetime duration of breastfeeding was 12 months or longer.The Union health ministry says children should be exclusively breastfed for the first six months and should not be given anything else, even water.Colostrum, the human breast milk is very rich in proteins, vitamin A and sodium chloride, but contains lower amounts of carbohydrates, potassium, and fat (as human newborns may find fat difficult to digest), than normal milk.Experts say newborns have very small digestive systems and colostrum delivers its nutrients in a very concentrated low-volume form.It has a mild laxative effect, clears excess bilirubin which is produced in large quantities at birth due to blood volume reduction from the infant's body and helps prevent jaundice.The most pertinent bioactive components in colostrum are growth factors and antimicrobial factors. The antibodies in colostrum provide passive immunity, while growth factors stimulate the development of the gut. They provide the first protection against pathogens.Late initiation of breastfeeding not only deprives the child of valuable colostrum, but becomes a reason for introduction of prelacteal feeds like glucose water, honey, animal milk or powdered milk that are potentially harmful and contribute to diarrhea in the newborn.In India, very few children are put to the breast immediately after birth.Though 96% of children (both urban and rural population) under age five have ever been breastfed, only 29% started breastfeeding within half an hour of birth in urban population and 21% in rural population.Only 30% of infants (in urban population) started breastfeeding within one hour of birth, as is recommended, the figure goes down to 22% in rural population.Almost 35% of infants (in urban population) did not start breastfeeding within one day of birth and almost half (48%) in rural population did not start breastfeeding within one day.Introducing a new born to cow's milk - a practise common in India, is actually harmful for the child. Experts say cow's milk is unsuitable for feeding infants from birth to 12 months of age. Though its energy level is comparable to the energy level of breast milk, the fat in cow's milk is poorly absorbed reducing the availability of energy.This could lead to malnutrition.Whole cow's milk also contains excessive amounts of protein, sodium and chloride which cannot be excreted by the immature kidneys and can lead to renal solute overload and dehydration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299632", "title": "Air, rail, road services hit slightly by power outage", "text": "JAIPUR: The failure of northern grid on Tuesday afternoon slightly affected public services at airport, bus and railway stations. The power outage for almost two hours baffled the officials; however, it did not cause major inconvenience to passengers.Railway officials said that power failure did not affect the functioning at railway station. Power requirement during day is almost negligible as compared to the night.\"None of the trains were affected or delayed due to this failure. Even refilling of fuel and water was done as per schedule,\" said a railway official. Sources said that trains on platform 3and 4 left without cleaning-check due to non-availability of power. The only problem faced by passengers was the humid climate as fans were not working at any platform.The situation was similar at the airport. No flight movement was affected due to power outage. At terminal 2 lights were sufficient to carry out operations. \"Even the air-conditioners were working at important places,\" said an airport official. Jaipur airport is a glass building hence it does not require light in most parts of the building.Bus movement at Sindhi Camp bus station was smooth though power failure did create panic among the people. Long queues were seen at the ticket counter as passengers complained of the slow pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303475", "title": "After Olympic bronze, shooting, archery make a mark in city", "text": "CHENNAI: The telephones at the Chennai Rifle Club have been ringing off the hook ever since Gagan Narang hit a Bronze bull's eye at the London Olympics on Monday evening. From the moment Raja Pandi, an employee at the club, walked into his office on Tuesday morning, all he has been doing is answering queries on how to join the club and the coaching available.\"Within an hour of entering the office I attended 20 calls,\" says Pandi. \"It's mostly adults who want to take up the sport.\"It's not just rifle shooting that seems to be generating interest, thanks to the Olympics. Archery too seems to have got a boost. R Kesavan of the Sri Ram Archery Academy has also been fielding calls in the last week. \"It's a year since we opened the centre and we have had just seven students. But in the last one week, ever since all the hype about the Indian archery team for the Olympics began, I have had 100 calls and ten enrollments,\" says Kesavan, who is thinking of setting up more branches.Kesavan says he already has branches in districts such as Namakkal and Erode where the sport is rather popular but it is only now that there seems to be a burst of interest in Chennai. \"Parents are now sensing the potential in archery,\" says SN Udheya Kumar, director of Eagle Archery Academy.\"It's a relatively new sport in the sense that a few years ago, one hardly heard of Indian archers making a mark at any of the Games. But now, it's a whole new ball game,\" he adds.Kumar, a hockey player turned archery coach, says he also believes that parents are more aware these days. \"They are getting smarter. They have realised that most of the other sports are saturated but in archery, with the right training, there is more potential. They all call with the same question - will our child make it big?\" he says.It was the Indian team's performance at the Commonwealth Games that got V Kamala and her husband to finally enroll their four-year-old son VK Deepak at Kumar's academy two years ago. \"He was showing a lot of interest in the sport and is quite good at it,\" says Kamala who is a constable at the Central Industrial Security Force. Deepak is now five-and-a-half years old and in the Class 1 at Kendriya Vidyalaya.\"We usually take children only after they turn eight. But Deepak showed a lot of skill,\" says Kumar, who is coaching him free of cost. \"My only dream for him is that he wins at the Olympics,\" says Kamala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15303541", "title": "Survey shows only 1/10th of engg grads are employable", "text": "COIMBATORE: Only one-tenth of students of tier 2, 3 and 4 engineering colleges in the state are readily employable, shows the national survey by a private educational agency. Even after interventional training, one-third of them are not employable, it said.Amit Bansal, CEO of Purpleleap, a talent management firm said the survey was conducted across 12 states with graduates who had scored more than 60% marks. More than communication skills, it is the lack of technical skills that featured prominently in the survey, he said.\"This is not surprising,\" said Jayaprakash Gandhi, an educational consultant from Chennai. According to him, students can communicate in their mother tongue and English can be learnt later. What is more important is that they know how to apply theoretical knowledge they have acquired in college.The focus in colleges is to prepare students for exams. \"The lack of practical applications in technical education makes graduates unemployable,\" he said. Amit Bansal suggested that students need to be given opportunities to be part of projects. \"Being part of an actual project will train them for future jobs. Software companies like Google and Microsoft conduct international-level programmes in colleges. Likewise, national firms should also conduct programmes. However, professors say only few students take up the offer to participate in such projects.\"V Lakshmiprabha, principal of Government College of Technology in Coimbatore said this may be because students have a huge work load and don't have much free time to participate in such projects.Jayaprakash suggested that engineers, like teachers and lawyers, must have a 'engineering eligibility test'. \"This will help streamline standards of engineering education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307960", "title": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui is size zero: Huma Qureshi", "text": "Actress Huma Qureshi seems to be getting along like a house of fire with her co-star Nawazuddin Siddiqui of Gangs of Wasseypur.Speaking on the sidelines of the film launch, Huma confessed she teased Nawaz about his small stature. \"Nawaz is shorter than me and we do make a somewhat mismatched couple onscreen. And part of the story is that everybody wonders how did Nawaz manage to bag a girl like me in the film. The funny part is that he is almost size zero, he has a tiny waistline,\" says Huma, who plays the ditzy character who's obsessed with films.The Delhi girl will be next seen in Vishal Bhardwaj's Ek Thi Daayan with a stellar cast. Prod her how was it sharing the screen with Emraan Hashmi and she says, \"Emraan is a brilliant actor and he has worked hard on his way to the top. It was great acting with him and he's really good co-star and a great conservationlist,\" she says.Interestingly, Huma doesn't come from an acting family. In fact, her businessman father is far removed from the industry too. \"The last film he probably watched is Mughal-e-Azam, that too the black and white one,\" laughs Huma, adding her parents have always been very supportive of acting choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15299737", "title": "Sariska road repair work begins, traffic diverted", "text": "ALWAR: The long-awaited repair work of the Alwar-Sariska road is in full swing and entry of heavy commercial vehicles on this road has been banned. The repair work is being done keeping in mind the Supreme Court guidelines on it.According to sources, the entry of heavy vehicles has been barred on this road since Saturday while heavy traffic plying past the Sariska tiger sanctuary has been diverted from Kushalgarh and Ghata Bandrole. \"Police constables along with home guards of the forest department have been posted at four places to keep a check on the traffic,\" an official said.\"Traffic from Jaipur is being diverted while commercial vehicles are being diverted from Kushalgarh, Naraynpur and Ghata Bandhrole. Boards for diversions have been put up at various places in Kushalgarh and Bharatri cross roads and a barricade has been set up at the Ghata Bandrole area,\" he said.The road has been in the news since long due constant agitations by villagers as well as politicians demanding its immediate repair.The Supreme Court with a view to protect the sanctuary has ordered for diversion of traffic in 2009 but the villagers have been up in arms against it and had foiled attempts by the department, police and administration to comply with the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299358", "title": "Rs 1900 crore grant to fight drought", "text": "NEW DELHI: India could be staring at a drought worse than the one it experienced in 2009. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar informed that nearly half of the 624 districts had received deficient rains, another 15% experienced scanty or little rains and a deficit of 21% has been recorded across the country so far- worse than the cumulative deficiency recorded in the corresponding period in 2009. An internal review of the government said that rainfall deficiency is unlikely to improve in coming months.The government has prepared a contingency plan for 350 districts, suggesting the possible spread of drought by the end of the season.Pawar, briefing the media at the end of a meeting of the empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on Tuesday, announced a slew of measures including a 50% diesel subsidy and additional subsidy on seeds for farmers besides allocating Rs 1,900 crore from the Central kitty for various programmes of drought control in affected states. The diesel subsidy is likely to cost the state exchequer Rs 1,260 crore, which the Centre and state governments will share the burden equally.Crop sowing under the Kharif season has taken a considerable hit as he total sowing area is 5.59 lakh hectares less than normal. Coarse cereal coverage has fallen by 4.33 million hectares, with Rajasthan suffering the worst drop in crop acreage. The reservoir levels, however, are doing a shade better than 2009, and have recorded 76% normal for this time of the year.Though Pawar shied away from comparing this year's situation to 2009 and left it to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) to shortly forecast the rainfall for August and September, preliminary government assessment suggested that the situation was unlikely to improve. In the ministers' meeting, where an ailing Union food minister K V Thomas was absent, it was noted that growing drinking water crisis had led to tankers being pressed into service in several towns and villages in Karnataka and Maharashtra.As part of the measures to contain the impact of drought, the EGoM decided to nullify the 30% duty on import of oil cakes \u2014 used for fodder \u2014 with the internal report mentioning that price of fodder had increased from 1.4-2.5 times and could spike even higher in coming days.The EGoM confirmed that diesel subsidy, which was first tested in 2009, would be given to all districts where either rainfall deficit has been recorded higher than 50% by 15 July or the states have declared drought or the region has had a dry spell continuously for more than 15 days. The subsidy would be restricted to each farmer to a maximum of 2 hectares.The Centre would also provide support of Rs 1,040 crore to Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat under the Integrated Watershed Programme and Rs 453 crore to Maharashtra, Karnataka and Rajasthan under the National Rural Drinking Water Programme.Pawar is slated to travel with Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to four drought-hit states of Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat between August 1 and 3. Based on inputs and recommendations received from state governments, the EGoM is expected to meet again to take further measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300084", "title": "Power grid failure: Power plans have died slow death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close to six months ago, the Koodankulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu was stalled by a group of anti-nuclear protestors who skillfully allied with local church groups and won the support of fishing communities.A bill that aims to provide a share in profits from mining to local populations has been hanging fire - first at the ministerial level and now with a group of ministers for almost two years.Work on NTPC's Rs 2,500 crore 600 MW Loharinag Pala project had got stalled in 2010 due to environmental and religious protests at a time when construction was at an advanced stage. The project is still being reviewed.After coal linkages became a major sticking point, a decision to defer auctions led to allegations of mis-allocation of coal blocks. A stinging CAG report froze policy while some of those allotted blocks have just squatted on their patches.A roaring spat between Ambani groups saw the government being drawn into a gas supply feud. Now, there is a tug of war over pricing of gas between RIL and the government that does not seem likely to be resolved anytime soon.The question whether equipment for power plants could be procured from a supplier other than BHEL dragged on for years.If an MoU was signed, it did not translate into delivery. After coal blocks were allotted, some private operators simply squatted. Efforts to prod them to honour commitments lacked seriousness. Coal and gas shortages pushed up costs as plants idled. Private gas suppliers demanded higher prices, And regulators, populated by the very bureaucrats who framed policy, enjoyed a cozy proximity with business and government.With PMO unable to sort out incessant differences among power, oil, coal and environment ministries, India's power projects have died a slow death despite the government being well aware of rising demand driven by increasingly urban lifestyles and a growing dependence on electric pumps in agriculture.While ministries worked at cross purposes, the PMO has been unable to summon the requisite will or command the necessary political heft to get squabbling ministries to sign on to a cohesive approach. Some of the sharp edges have softened, but the damage has been done.No one blew the whistle until two spectacular back-to-back outages blew the lid of the cover up. UPA's May, 2012, report says 20,000 MW was added in the last year and touts this as a significant increase over previous years. But it has hardly bridged the deficit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15302936", "title": "Man who gulped poison at Ghaziabad SSP\u2019s office dies", "text": "The 45-year-old man who had consumed poison at the Ghaziabad SSP's office on Monday died late in the night at GTB hospital in Delhi. A case has been registered against the doctor with whom the deceased, Satpal, had been working for the last 22 years. Satpal had accused the doctor of framing him in a false case of robbery and blamed the police for not carrying out a fair investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15301720", "title": "Corporators demand detailed probe into manhole deaths", "text": "DHARWAD: The death of two youths while cleaning an underground drainage in Hubli came in for discussion at the general body meeting of Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation held in Dharwad on Monday. Corporators urged the mayor to order a detailed probe into the incident.BJP corporator Venkatesh Maestri stated that the incident occurred due to the negligence of the contractor and the HDMC should take severe action against the guilty. Veeranna Savadi (BJP) asked mayor Pandurang Patil to pass a resolution to provide compensation to the family of the deceased.Sewage department officer Agah Khan said that the department had given tender work to Eagle Construction Private Limited and the workers were employed by the company. The opposition wanted the mayor to withdraw the tender allotted to the company.Commissioner Patil stated that this tender was allotted by the urban development department and hence the HDMC cannot not terminate the contract. Mayor Patil said that the matter would be brought to the notice of urban development minister Suresh Kumar during his visit next week and he will be directed to provide compensation to the parents of the deceased. The meeting also resolved not to clear any bills of the UGD contractors, unless they put a cap on all the manholes in the twin cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299835", "title": "Nelamangala cops may be shunted out", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government has decided to move out police officers in Nelamangala following the murder of JD(S) leader and Bangalore Rural zilla panchayat member BEML Krishnappa near Arishinakunte on National Highway 5 on July 25.Home department sources told TOI the decision comes in the wake of a report from a senior police officer that local police officers were \"in the know\" of the attack but failed to curb violence and local goons who terrorized people, especially landowners and real estate businessman.\"The armed attack by over 30 persons on Krishnappa may be attributed to the failure of local police. Some police officers knew about the imminent attack but there was no preparation to thwart it. Local police remained mute spectators,\" said the sources.A senior police officer's report stated that goons who were against Krishnappa were found collecting arms. Prominent among them were identified as Bande Manja and Bethanagere Srinivasa alias Seena.While Seena is a cousin of Bethanagere Shankara, who enjoyed Krishnappa's support, Bande Manja is a cousin of Yadal Devi, Seena's close associate.\"Seena and Manja are preparing to surrender to the city police or Nelamangala police. If this happens, there cannot be better proof that police are hand in glove with the goons,\" they explained.Moving these police officers out of Nelamangala will be as good as flushing out the goons themselves as without support from within the force they won't be able to terrorize locals, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302323", "title": "After SC cap on tiger tourism, MP plans to explore new avenues", "text": "BHOPAL: With the Supreme Court recently banning tourism in the core area of tiger reserves, Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) is exploring new avenues, mulling over developing picturesque sites near power generation stations into tourists' spots. For this, the corporation has sought cooperation from MP Power Generating Company Limited (MPPGCL) to go ahead with its plans.\"Top brass of the state corporation has contacted us evincing interest to develop tourists' spots at the picturesque spots near our power stations,\" MPPGCL managing director (MD) Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.\"We have no problem if they want to develop tourist spots. Our prime concern is that the security and operation of the power generation stations should not be breached. There is a set of rules in this regard and we will ensure that they are followed,\" he said.Nanavati said the MPTDC wants to start with creating tourists' spots near Satpura Thermal Power Station, Sarni in Betul district. This power station is surrounded by thick forest cover, he added. Plans are also afoot to develop tourists' spot near Sanjay Gandhi Thermal Power Station (SGTPS), Birsinghpur in Umaria. There are vast forests, rich in wildlife, around SGTPS in Umaria district, which also house famous Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve.\"MPTDC have plans to hand over these places to us after developing them for upkeep and maintenance,\" he said. \"If all goes well, we are going to earn some revenue out of this, \"he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300203", "title": "250 km announced, 4 km taken up for road project", "text": "NAGPUR: In June last year, BJP ruled Nagpur Municipal Corporation had blocked Bajaj Nagar and Jagnade squares for hours together to perform bhoomipujan of ambitious cement roads project by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari .Motorists said looking at the way the NMC had organized the functions for around 26km of cement roads project worth Rs100 crore, they had hoped the project would be quickly completed. \"In reality the picture is disappointing,\" they say.In fact, the work to convert tar roads into cement is going on at a snail's pace. The seriousness of NMC could be gauged from the fact that work on only 4 km is going on that too on one side of the road. It goes to show NMC has no intention of taking up the work on remaining stretch, let alone complete it any time soon. NMC had announced its intention of eventually converting 250 km of roads to cement in city.As per the work order issued in June 2011, the contractor Unity Infra Projects was to complete the first phase of 26 km in one year. Though NMC's PWD chief engineer A N Shambarkar was not reachable for his comments, ruling party leader Pravin Datke admitted the delay. As is his practice, he blamed it on PWD officials headed by Shambarkar. He informed that recently mayor Anil Sole and standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari too expressed anguish over delay in work during a review meeting. He failed to say what they did beyond expressing anguish.Money allocated but not spentGoing by the amount earmarked for city roads by NMC in the last six years, it would appear the civic body is very serious about maintaining city roads. The NMC had targeted expenditure of approximately Rs350 crores for repair, re-laying and asphaltation of roads across the city from 2007 to 2012. Moreover, the coalition initiated maximum road works in current financial year, obviously to please voters.According to NMC's PWD department, between 2008-12 the civic body earmarked Rs293.243 crore for road works across the city. However, it actually spent only Rs115.86 crore. Not surprisingly, just ahead of the civic polls, NMC earmarked huge funds for repair of roads. So far this year, NMC has spent Rs33.14 crore on road works. For this fiscal (2012-13) NMC earmarked only Rs 5.35 crore for road works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301251", "title": "Digging on neighbouring plot endangers power substation in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: The foundation pit of a commercial complex coming up near Mihan-SEZ has exposed an electricity substation on the neighbouring plot to substantial risk. The complex is being developed by Mumbai-based realty firm Moraj Infratech, which has bagged a contract to build a residential-cum-commercial property in Mihan.The contractors had recently dug up the land to lay the foundation of the commercial complex. However, the digging weakened the foundation of the substation's boundary wall, which finally gave way recently. Sources say there is a likelihood of the substation itself facing a risk if the soil below is weak.Rains increase the risk, since water seeping inside the ground softens it, leading to a risk of the structure caving in. Although, confirming this type of a risk will require a thorough study of the soil.Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) officials, however, rejected the possibility of any such risk, saying that just the boundary wall has collapsed and the substation itself does not face any threat. The contractor has assured to build the substation wall again once their structure reaches ground level from the present foundation, said a MADC officer. However, none of the senior MADC officers were willing to speak on record.The substation is meant to supply electricity to the settlement of project affected persons (PAPs) nearby. It is learnt that the substation was scheduled to become operational on Wednesday, however it could not be done due to the wall collapse. MADC officials, though, denied this too, saying that it was supposed to be operationalized in the coming week.Even though MADC has rejected any risk to the substation itself, a portion of the collapsed wall is almost touching the transformer of the substation. Civil engineers said no one could rule out the possibility of the other part of the building being affected too, if the strata is weak.Ideally, the new building should have been constructed a reasonable distance away from the substation and MADC should have considered this aspect before allotting land to Moraj, said a source. A senior office bearer in the Nagpur chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (CREDAI) said there are chances of the risk extending to the substation and the entire structure developing cracks.(pic captions) A portion of the fallen wall has been replaced by tin sheets, with barely any space between it and the transformer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15298695", "title": "Gang involved in snake venom trade busted", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police have busted an interstate gang involved in illegal trafficking of snake venom in Ponda, 30 km from the capital city of Panaji .Eight persons have been arrested and the police are on the lookout for more persons. Some are suspected to be from neighbouring Karnataka.While the key person is on the run, the police managed to seize around 930 ml of snake venom from two persons. According to a rough estimate, the cost of the venom is more than Rs one crore.Superintendent of Police (North Goa) who rushed to Ponda said that the police are interrogating the arrested persons about the source of the trade, the name of the snake and names of the more people involved in the trade.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said that they are also investigating the modus operandi used in the trade.The Ponda Police have registered an offence against the eight people under section 9, 44(1)( C ), 49(B) and 52 read with 51 of Wild life (Protection) Act 1972, Govekar said.Animal Rescue Squad convener Amrut Singh who assisted the police in the operation suspects that the venom could be used to prepare drugs.(with inputs from Suraj Kaisuvkar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15299532", "title": "Sign of major disaster: Jitendra Singh", "text": "AJMER: Power minister Jitendra Singh said second consecutive grid failure is a sign of things to come. Disaster can strike any moment and it's high time stricter laws are enforced to streamline the system. He said the demand of power has increased drastically but it is also important to check the balance of supply. Singh on Tuesday came to Ajmer to participate in various programs.Talking to the media at the circuit house, he said, \"Poor monsoon and the overdraw by several states have led to this condition.\"He said there is a law of overdrawing of power from the grid but there should be punitive steps against defaulters. He further said if things are not checked at this level a huge disaster is in store for the country.Singh said Rajasthan will gain self-sufficiency in power production by June 2013. \"There will be 5,000 MW power from solar and gas and about 3000 MW from other sources.\" He said at present there is a demand of 1,550 Lakh unit of electricity in the state. The demand, last year, for the same month, was 1350 MW last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299147", "title": "Sinking Kejriwal warns government not to use force", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a week of fasting, the health of Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal and Gopal Rai deteriorated on Tuesday. Despite doctors advising hospitalization, the two refused to end their fast and warned the government against any attempt to force-feed them.Tests showed both activists had elevated ketone levels, indicating that the body was breaking down stored fat. Rai, whose ketone level was in the danger zone (four plus), has been vomiting frequently.\"I am warning the government to not try to arrest and hospitalize us. The consequences will be bad,\" said Kejriwal, questioning the grounds on which he could be arrested.\"My lawyers said I could be arrested for attempt to suicide. This law was made in 1860 and despite that Mahatma Gandhi use to hold fast. We never heard that he was forcefully arrested. Is this government worse than the British Raj?\" asked Kejriwal.A senior doctor who examined the two said they needed immediate medical attention. \"Both of them need to be administered intravenous fluids because the rising ketone levels may affect organs like the heart and kidney,\" the doctor said.With the government silent on the agitation and Team Anna refusing to budge on their demands, the stage seems set for a confrontation.In his evening speech, Anna made a reference to the government's apathy, and said that their visit to the fasting venue would be a 'kalank' (shame). \"The government said no minister will come here, or try to stop the movement. But there's no need for corrupt ministers to come here anyway,\" he said.Addressing apprehensions that a Lokpal would not end corruption, he said, \"At least bring the Jan Lokpal Bill and see what it does. It may not end corruption 100%, but will definitely bring it down by 60-65%.\" He added that ministers like P Chidambaram would be behind bars had there been a strong Lokpal.The Gandhian also said when the time is right, he would return his Padma Bhushan. Anna remained on stage throughout the day, but both Kejriwal and Rai stayed in their enclosures off the dais.Despite the declining health of the fasting activists, footfalls dwindled at the protest venue on Tuesday. Apart from the fact that it was a working day, rain and chaos resulting from the power grid failure also kept many away during the first half of the day. But by evening, the crowd had swelled to about 4000 protesters. Large groups of schoolchildren could be seen in their uniforms.At around 6pm, actor Ranvir Shorey made his way to the protest, and was seated next to Kiran Bedi on the stage. During his speech, he urged Anna and his team to continue the campaign, but to leave the 'anshan'. He also motivated the people to step up and actively participate.\"This is about corruption, which has led to so many problems, whether it's bad roads, lack of education, barren land or malnourished children. We have truth on our side, and it is more powerful than corruption. It may take time and perseverance, but I'm willing to come even when I'm as old as Anna,\" he said.Some protestors undertook drastic measure to show their support for the cause. Satyanarayan Sisodia, a farmer from Mathura, was lying half naked on the thorny branches of a babul tree. \"If Anna Hazare and his team can undertake such troubles then so can I,\" said Satyanarayan. He claimed to be on fast since July 25. Some even cycled or walked for days from their homes to reach the venue.Large groups of protesters also organized impromptu marches. One group walked from the venue to ITO, from where they marched back holding candles and torches. After the evening speeches, another group took out a rally to Connaught Place and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15298963", "title": "CBSE to usher in modified open-book test for boards", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be the biggest change made to the country's education system, CBSE has decided to introduce the 'open book exam' concept for its board exams (Std X, XII) from academic session 2013-14. The central board's chairman Vineet Joshi told TOI the new system will test \"higher order thinking skills of students rather than their current reliance on a rote-based methodology\".\"But it won't literally be an open book exam. It will be called the 'Pre-Announced Test' (PAT) and will be applicable for all Std X subjects and some major ones of Std XII,\" he said.Explaining PAT's features, Joshi said, \"Four months before the exam, students will be made aware of the test they will appear for. But the questions will not be simple and straightforward. They will test students' analytical power.\"A formal announcement with complete details regarding the new system is expected to be made in December this year. The HRD ministry had initiated the process and a reforms committee was constituted to look into the concept. Sources in the board said Joshi was heading the committee and its brief was to improve the education system to make it more 'student-friendly'.The committee tweaked the open book concept, followed in some western countries, to make it more relevant and acceptable here. \"We were apprehensive about the reaction from other state boards if books are allowed inside exam halls,\" said a highly placed source in the CBSE board. He was referring particularly to Maharashtra which had created a fuss over CBSE's school-evaluated board exam for Std X students and refused them admission in state colleges.PAT functions like the Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) system that some education boards, including Maharashtra, are implementing. In the SSC exam, an out-of-syllabus passage is given to students and they are asked questions that cannot be answered word-for-word just by looking at the matter. For example, if the passage has a line saying, 'Rajesh goes to school everyday and learns about animals, new countries and math formulae', the question would be 'Why does Rajesh go to school?' The expected answer would be \"Rajesh goes to school to increase his knowledge about the world around him.\"Under PAT, the same passage would be taught to students four months before the exam. The student will be expected to analyze various relevant questions that could be asked. On the day of the CBSE exam, PAT will not produce the passage, but there will be questions based on it.It's still not clear yet how the board will implement PAT for Mathematics where formulae and values are part of almost every topic. By the time a formal announcement is made in December, the CBSE Board expects to iron out all issues.Schools in Nagpur were unaware of board's plan but say it does seem to be a step in the right direction. A school principal, said, \"Today, what matters on exam day is how well a student is able to recall what he has learnt. PAT will force a change of approach. Students will not be able to depend on guides.\"Another teacher said teachers will now face a \"new challenge\". \"Having the test available in advance will certainly help and the focus will be on how well the student can comprehend the lesson,\" she said. Those who set the question paper also face a challenge, according to this teacher. \"No question will be repeated in successive exams and that requires a lot of innovative thinking,\" she added.In 2008, the Gujarat government had decided to implement the open book exam concept for its board exams but has not done yet. Also, some schools in Gujarat had experimented with the concept but it proved to be tough and few students passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15300219", "title": "Top Naxal leader arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A joint team of anti-Naxal cell and C-60 squad, on Monday, arrested Chandrapur in-charge of CPI (Maoist) Pramod Godghate (30). A hardcore Naxalite, Godghate, is wanted for committing many offences.Godhate was arrested from the court premises adjacent to district collectorate. Assistant police inspector Kaushal Tijare who received information about Godhate's movements notified the Anti-Naxal Cell and C-60 team. They then in a joint operation arrested Godghate who had come to surrender before the court.\"Pramod Godghate had risen rapidly from the lower rungs to become a top Naxal leader in the last few years. He was the second-in-command of Maroti Kurwatkar in the Chandrapur area committee. After Kurwatkar's arrest it is suspected that he must have taken over as the leader of the Chandrapur area committee. Official records show that he is also a member of the Western Maharashtra area committee,\" said superintendent of police, Rajiv Jain. Anti-Naxal Cell had arrested Maroti Kurwatkar in January this year.SP added that Godghate also had connections with Deshbhakti Yuva Manch, a Naxal organization which whose responsibility was to spread Naxal ideology among the urban youth.It is suspected that Godghate might have received training in warfare from the military wing of the Naxalites .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15300063", "title": "Cable car from Miramar to Reis Magos", "text": "PORVORIM: You may soon be able to ride over the casino boats and across river Mandovi from Miramar to Reis Magos fort and back.Among the projects tourism minister Dilip Parulekar mentioned in the assembly on Tuesday, is a cable car between these two points.He said tourists would like to see the restored Reis Magos fort but have to travel approximately 7km from Panaji. Instead of making them travel that distance, Parulekar said it would be good to have a pleasure ride across the river.The minister said it would be an evening ride, so that the fort can be viewed in all its splendour when it is lit. This would also generate revenue and boost tourism, he added.The previous government had mooted a similar proposal but the points to be linked by cable car were different.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15300525", "title": "Two panthers poisoned to death near Pusad", "text": "YAVATMAL: Two panthers - a seven-year-old mother and her one-and-half-year old cub - were found dead in FDCM area in Parad village near Pusad tehsil on Monday. The carcasses seem to be two days old.A person who noticed the carcasses of the wildcats informed the forest officials who took those into custody. On Tuesday, forest officials took Premsingh Chavan into custody on suspicion.Chief conservator of forest Dinesh Tyagi, said, \"Due to heavy rains, the post-mortem was done on Tuesday morning. Preliminary findings confirm that the panthers died of poisoning. It's not a case of poaching as all body parts are intact,\" Tyagi said.\"The panthers were killed in a farm and later the bodies were deliberately dragged into the forest area to escape from the clutches of law,\" Tyagi said.General manager of the FDCM RS Yadav, divisional manager AS Rathod, DFO of Pusad forest division Suresh Alurwar, ACF KR Rathod and others visited the spot and are camping at Pusad to expedite the investigation.Sources said that the farm owner is absconding since Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300907", "title": "Massive power failure hits Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after the northern grid of the Power Grid Corporation collapsed plunging the entire northern India into darkness, a similar problem in eastern grid caused a massive power failure in most parts of Odisha and neighbouring West Bengal and Jharkhand.Services of 13 mail and express trains passing through Odisha were affected due to the crisis. \"The trains had to stop wherever they were between 1 pm and 2.45 pm. The services were fully restored at 4.30 pm,\" East Coast Railway chief public relations officer R N Mahapatra said. Services of Puri-New Delhi Neelachal Express, Mysore-Howrah Express, Secunderabad-Howrah Falaknuma Express, Tirupathy-Santragachhi Express, Villupuram-Kharagpur Express, Dhauli Express, Pondicherry-Bhubaneswar Express and five local passenger trains were stranded en route at different stations in ECoR jurisdiction,\" an ECoR statement said.Paradeep-Puri Express and Shalimar-Visakhapatnam Express were cancelled from Paradeep and Shalimar respectively.Hospitals in the city said the effect of the outage was minimal on operations because of inverters and generators. \"Since the outage lasted for around two hours, we managed with generators,\" said Capital Hospital chief medical officer Dr Sudarshan Das. The entire state capital experienced power failure for around two hours. It was restored in certain pockets by 2.45 pm. Six districts of Balasore, Mayurbhanj, Jajpur, Jagatsinghpur, Kendrapada and Keonjhar experienced complete blackout.Attributing the massive power-cut to the eastern grid failure, energy minister Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak the situation is limping back to normal. \"I hope the situation will be completely normal in few hours,\" he said.Power producer Gridco director (commercial) PK Pradhan said though grid collapse is not unprecedented, the scale of the current outage - affecting 19 states - was unprecedented.Pradhan said the eastern grid snapped around 1 pm, causing power failure in most parts of Odisha, barring pockets of western Odisha. \"Our men are at work to restore electricity supply soon,\" he said. He added that all 30 district headquarters had power supply by 5pm.Pradhan said power generation in Kaniha, Talcher, Balimela, Rengali and Kolab stopped for sometime following the development. \"We are restoring production and supply,\" he said. \"We are trying to manage the situation by maximizing production at hydropower units. Compared to the 50 to 600 MW hydro power production in normal times, we are producing 1200 MW keeping the crisis in mind,\" Pradhan said. \"We have reached 1800 MW production against the state's need of 2600 MW. Once the thermal power station at Kaniha is restored, the problem will be nearly over,\" he added.Both the units of the Odisha Power Generation Corporation (OPGC) and one unit of the Odisha Hydro Power Corporation (OHPC) were the saving grace during the crisis. Generation from these units continued uninterruptedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301003", "title": "Kazmi charged in Israeli diplomat attack case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Tuesday filed a chargesheet in the February 13 attack on Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren, naming Indian journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi as the \"conspirator\" who had facilitated the attack and was part of the conspiracy from the very first day.Delhi Police has also listed four Iranian nationals \u2014 Houshang Afshar Irani, the main bomber; Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Sedaghatzadeh Masoud \u2014 as \"suspects\". The investigation regarding these four is still on.Kazmi has been charged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, Explosives Act and other sections of the IPC. Delhi Police has said letters rogatory have been issued to five countries \u2014 Iran, Israel, Thailand, Georgia and Malaysia \u2014 for information on the Iranian suspects.The chargesheet gives details about Kazmi's meetings with Mahdiansadr and two other suspects in May last year, about his visit to Iran in 2012 and details of money given to him.Describing Kazmi's role as a person who was used as a tool by the Iranian suspects, cops have claimed he took money in lieu of providing assistance and had helped in conducting the recce of the Israeli embassy and provided his Maruti Alto for the same.Irani had fled to Malaysia after the attack while Masoud was arrested there. The other two suspects are reportedly in Iran and a Delhi Police team will soon visit the country to gather more information about them. Police said Irani had visited India on April 25, 2011, and left the country on May 6, 2011. He had returned to India again on January 29, 2012, but left for Malaysia on February 13 evening, within hours after the attack on the Israeli diplomat.After examining Irani's call records, CBI found that he had contacted Kazmi. Kazmi was arrested on March 6. The scooty purchased by Irani, which was used in the reccee of the Israeli embassy, was also seized from Kazmi's house. CBI also said the material used for preparing the explosive device was recovered from hotel room in which Afshar had stayed and Central Forensic Science Laboratory had confirmed its similarity with the material recovered from the blast site.The Delhi Police investigations revealed that Kazmi and his wife had received foreign remittance of Rs 3.80 lakh and Rs 18,78,500 since early 2011.Calling Kazmi the 'facilitator and part of conspiracy', a senior police officer said, \"he was instrumental in getting the Israeli embassy and its surrounding areas recced by the Iranians\". Kazmi had reportedly gone to Iran twice in 2011 at the instance of Mahdiansadr, a member of the Delhi module, and there he met Abolghasemi, another bomber of the Delhi attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15299200", "title": "Metro Digest", "text": "'Stuck' trailer causes jamMUMBAI: A 25-ft-tall trailer stuck under the railway overbridge at King's Circle reportedly caused a major traffic jam on Babasaheb Ambedkar Marg on Tuesday evening. It took nearly two hours for the traffic police personnel to remove the trailer and restore vehicular movement.\"Around 4pm, the trailer descended from the Sion flyover and could not pass under the overbridge as it was at least 25-foot tall,\" said Sujata Patil, senior inspector of Matunga traffic police outpost. The south-bound arm of Sion flyover had to be shut down to ease the trailer backwards.Auto driver held for 'abduction, rape'An autorickshaw driver was arrested by the MHB Colony police in Borivli after his relative lodged a case of rape and abduction against him. The 40-year-old victim told cops the accused was her nephew and they were in an on-going property dispute.Woman sets self ablaze: A 19-year-old woman, Asha Jaiswal, died of severe burns after she set herself ablaze at her home in Dahisar. Her husband, who rushed to her rescue, also suffered burns. The motive for death is still unclear.Trio who burgled temples arrested: Three persons, who had stolen valuables from temples across the city, were arrested by Dindoshi police in Rajasthan on Monday.Angry locals threaten to kill leopard: After four leopard attacks within and around the Tansa wildlife sanctuary over the last six days, angry locals are now threatening to to kill the predator themselves if the matter is not treated seriously.Fake cops rob 3 elderly women of ornaments: Three elderly women were robbed of gold ornaments in Nalasopara (E) by men disguised as cops. The three incidents occurred separately within minutes of each other.'190 more buses for Raksha Bandhan': The BEST will ply 190 additional buses in Mumbai to cater to passenger rush for Raksha Bandhan. BEST expects to earn a revenue of more than Rs 4.25 crore on this day.9-month-old tests positive for H1N1: The count of positive H1N1 cases in the city rose to 204 on Tuesday after four people, including a 9-month-old baby girl, tested positive for the virus.Notice over fraudulent commercials: To prevent fraudulent advertising, the state's Food and Drug Administration has sent notices to 67 television channels over programmes claiming remedies for medical problems.HC allows Laila's father to withdraw petition: Bombay HC court has allowed Nadir Hussain Patel to withdraw his petition seeking a CBI probe into the death of his daughter, starlet Laila Khan, and other family members.Manhunt launched to trace conmen: The Shivaji Nagar police are searching for three men who allegedly entered a jewellery shop posing as customers and robbed ornaments worth Rs 9 lakh after threatening an employee at knife point.Corporators to get pay hike? The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's general body has passed a proposal to hike corporators' remuneration from Rs 10,000 to Rs 25,000.BMC tie-up with hosp for tobacco awareness: The civic body has tied up with Tata Memorial hospital to conduct awareness on tobacco. Coporators will be trained over the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15302017", "title": "Schoolchildren demand release of abducted boy", "text": "GAYA: Shocked by the abduction of a schoolboy, several hundred school children organized a 'peace march' in Bodh Gaya on Tuesday apparently to apply moral pressure on the police to play a more pro-active role in securing the safe release of Prashant, a Class IV student, who was kidnapped a couple of days back while going to school. Bikers lifted Prashant while he was going to a local private school from his Pachhatti home in Bodh Gaya.The police earlier filed a missing report, which was subsequently converted into a case of kidnapping for ransom. Carrying placards, schoolchildren urged the police administration to live up to the public expectation and ensure the release of the boy. Displaying the kidnapped boy's photograph, children begged for justice to the innocent victim of crime. Schoolchildren also offered prayers at the Buddha shrine for the boy's safe relief.SSP Vinay Kumar and City SP Babu Ram on Tuesday met family members of the kidnapped boy to gather inputs and make an assurance that the police will do its best to get the boy released from captivity of the kidnappers. Asked about the progress made by the police, SSP Vinay Kumar said all efforts are being made to rescue the boy. The SSP said that in absence of a ransom call, locating the kidnappers has become somewhat difficult. Though no ransom call has been received, the police was proceeding on the assumption that it was a case of kidnapping for ransom, said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15304341", "title": "New buildings near airport led to waterlogging", "text": "GUWAHATI: The lack of co-ordination between the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) and the administration with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) while granting construction permission in the vicinity of LGBI Airport here can prolong artificial flooding in and around the only international airport in the northeast.On Monday, the approach road to the airport's main entry and exit points and the parking was inundated due to heavy rain. However, the waterlogging at the airport campus eased a little on Tuesday as there was no fresh rain, but the only exit road remained waterlogged.The GMDA authorities put emphasis on clearing the water around the airport only after AAI blamed the new constructions that have come up in the periphery of the airport for the artificial flooding.\"The Khana river (Khandajan) is important as it carries excess rain water from the LGBI Airport and some of its surrounding areas. But the water hyacinth has blocked the flow of water in this river to some extent and is, thus, causing waterlogging in the airport for the last few days,\" said L Owarie, GMDA town planner.Concrete buildings have replaced the lush green paddies around the LGBI Airport, which has also destroyed the natural waterways that earlier existed here.A source in the administration said the waterways, which carries the excess rain water from the areas near the airport and falls into the Kalbhog river needs to be maintained properly. \"There were small waterways that flowed through the paddies attached to the runway of the airport. But the new buildings filled up these waterways, which is to be blamed for the artificial flood in the LGBI Airport\", said the source.\"The state government must consider the importance of the airport while granting building permission near the airport. The government must have a serious look at the destruction of the water-carrying channels before granting construction permit,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298955", "title": "Power grid: State seeks more coal, gas from Centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with severe power shortage, state government on Tuesday urged the Centre to increase the supplies of coal and natural gas. Speaking at the southern regional meeting on Restructured-Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP), principal secretary, energy, Dinesh Kumar asked the Centre to ensure firm coal supply to all units of Simhadri as per fuel supply agreement to operate at 100% Plant Load Factor (PLF). He urged the NTPC to start power generation at Simhadri-IV unit at the earliest so that Andhra Pradesh could get another 500 MW power as per obligations. He also requested the coal ministry to increase supply from Mahanadi Coal Ltd., to APGenco thermal units.Dinesh Kumar asked the secretary of power, government of India to take up the issue of with the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas arrange supply of additional natural gas of four million metric standard cubic meters per day so that gas plants of AP could operate at least 75% PLF as decided by empowered group of ministers. He said three more new gas plants with a capacity of around 2000 MW were unable to generate power due to non-allocation of gas.Responding to the request, Union power secretary P Uma Shankar promised to take up the matter with the planning commission and ministry of finance for considering the proposal of revised targets for completion of project by March 2013 and for conversion of loan into grant for implementation of R-APDRP part -A programme.Praising AP for its IT initiatives in the power sector, Uma Shankar said that all the southern states especially AP, made considerable progress in the last one year and directed the power utilities of AP to set an example to the rest of the country in completing the implementation of R-APDRP in order to reduce the Aggregate Technical and Commercial losses below 15% which ultimately helps the Discoms to extend the better consumer services with IT-based solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "15301326", "title": "Shrines turn to govt farm for paddy used in Niraputhari pooja", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: An auspicious ritual has become a portent. Following a failed monsoon paddy stalks, meant to be presented as offerings to various deities in the run-up to the traditional harvest season, are in desperate short supply. This has forced various temples in southern and central Kerala, including a few renowned ones, to buy paddy stalks from a government research farm.With the Tranvancore Devasom Board announcing the dates for Niraputhari pooja on August 6, the one-acre paddy field belonging to the state Cropping Systems Research Centre at Karamana has become a much sought-after destination for numerous temples.\"In the last few years, there has been a huge increase in the number of buyers. Last year 275 temples bought paddy spikes from us. This year we expect more temples to come forward due to the erratic rainfall and shortage of water for irrigation purpose,'' Dr Kuruvilla Varughese, director of Cropping Systems Research Centre, said.The centre charges a nominal rate of Rs 40 per square meter of paddy purchased from its outlet in Karamana. Temples like Attukal Bhagavathy, Sabarimala and Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple are among the biggest buyers of paddy spikes from this outlet, though the centre has got orders from smaller temples in Thiruvanathapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha and Pathanamthitta districts. Temple authorities say that though they sowed paddy specifically in view of the Niraputhari pooja, erratic rainfall let them down. \"We have ordered for 12,000 bunches of paddy spikes as offering to the goddess. The paddy will be given to the devotees in small bunches after the pooja,'' Jyothish Kumar, secretary of Atthukal Bhagavathy temple trust, said.The Niraputhari pooja is part of an ancient tradition linked to fertility rites that considered agriculture as sacred activity. Stalks of paddy from each area were 'blessed' by the local deity and then distributed to the faithful as prasadam.\"Till quite recently, a bunch of ripe paddy was hung in Hindu and Christian homes in the state as a symbol of good harvest,'' Varughese recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15302095", "title": "Calicut University goof leaves students in a lurch", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Putting its credibility at stake, the Calicut University has decided to recall all individual grade cards issued so far to the first batch of degree students under the choice-based credit and semester system, which passed out last month. The move comes after the varsity realized that it has erred in calculating the grade point average.The new cumulative grade card will have different scores for the previous semesters as they employ a different criterion for calculating the grade point average. The cards to be issued soon will cover grades from one to six semesters.Even as the CU maintains that the changes will benefit students, it also said that the discrepancy in grade calculation was spotted after the varsity put the cumulative grade cards on the Internet recently. V Rajagopalan, controller of examinations, said the varsity will soon notify the move to recall all individual semester grade cards. Students will now have to return all their previous grade cards to their respective colleges when they collect the cumulative grade card.\"Earlier, students who had grade points between 1.5 and 2.49 were given the C grade, which has a grade point average of 2. We found out that this put the students who had scored between 2 and 2.49 at disadvantage. So we changed the criterion in calculating the grade point average. Now the students who got grades between 2 and 2.49 will be given their original grade point so that they will not lose their score,\" he said.Nabeel Mohammed, a BA degree graduate who recently secured admission for the MA communication programme at Hyderabad Central University said his admission may be cancelled if he submits the cumulative grade card as it has different grade points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308020", "title": "Nicole Kidman's figure dubbed 'perfect'", "text": "Nicole Kidman , who is sleek, svelte and almost 1.78 metres tall, has inspired 'Hemingway and Gelhorn' costume designer Ruth Myers.Myers was nominated this year for an Emmy for her tailored 1930s and '40s-based dress slacks and suits in the HBO movie.\"Nicole has the best bum in the world ... She has the perfect figure,\" the Sydney Morning Herald quoted as saying at the recent Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising (FIDM) party.Myers and other Emmy-nominated costume designers came to celebrate the clothes from many shows and TV movies, including 'Hemingway and Gelhorn', 'American Horror Story', 'Downton Abbey', 'Once Upon A Time' and 'Boardwalk Empire'.The exhibition, which runs in Los Angeles until October 20, is co-presented by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The Emmy Awards are announced in Los Angeles on September 23.On display are the wide-legged, high-waisted trousers, textured beige cardigan and rose-coloured blouse worn by Kidman in her role as Spanish Civil War and World War II correspondent Martha Gelhorn, Hemingway's third wife.Myers gave the look - so in line with the current high-waisted pants trend - a contemporary twist, using vintage fabrics recut and redesigned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303526", "title": "More OTs could have saved her", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There are only two operation theatres which are functional in the Advanced Trauma Centre (ATC) and rest of the three have still not opened. Anupama Sarkar was admitted in the ATC and more OTs could have saved her life. Also, the doctors went strictly by the waiting list which could have been revised seeing the severity of her case. \"The centre is still not fully operational. It is just a shift of trauma cases of orthopaedics department to ATC. In a way it is extension in space sans the OTs and doctors to monitor,\" said a senior faculty.Anupama's death has not faded away as the association convened a meeting on Tuesday and deliberated on suggestion of some remedial measures. \"Each department will work on how much time can be given to each patient and accordingly the OPD timings can be slotted. Also the faculty from the medical emergency will work on managing patient inflow. These will be submitted to the administration and the Union ministry of health and family welfare,\" said Dr Ritesh Aggarwal, secretary, faculty association.Moreover, the external committee member who will review the report submitted by the PGI doctors on July 28 has not been formed yet. \"We have to see the availability of external experts,\" said PGI's spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299365", "title": "Son torches paralytic father alive", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a shocking incident, a man afflicted with paralysis was burnt alive by his drunken son in Maddur mandal of Mahbubnagar district on Tuesday. The incident took place in Appireddypalle village.Police said the accused, Anantaiah, poured kerosene on his father who has been suffering from paralysis and set him on fire when the other family members were away. The victim died on the spot. When neighbours saw smoke billowing out of the room, they broke open the door and found the charred body of his father.Sources said Anantaiah used to pester his mother Parvathamma for money to drink. Police registered a case and arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15299879", "title": "Bengal food poisoning: 435 ill, 2 kids dead", "text": "KOLKATA: Two children died and over 400 others were hospitalised after eating food at an iftaar party in neighbouring North 24 Parganas district, Minister of State for Health Chandrima Bhattacharya said today.The condition of five of 435 other patients was critical in the ID Hospital at Beliaghata locality, Bhattacharya told PTI.She said a large number of people fell ill after taking 'Ghugni' (made of pulses), prepared at a community kitchen, at an iftaar party yesterday at Bankra area in North Dum Dum in the neighbouring North 24 Parganas district.ALl the victims were taken to the ID hospital where the two children died.A medical team has been sent to Bankra, the minister said, adding she herself was rushing to the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307938", "title": "'I am happy that 18th Cross is releasing now!'", "text": "Talented actress Radhika Pandit who is on a career high after the stupendous success of her recent film 'Addhuri' says that she is very happy that the film '18th Cross' for which she faced the camera for the first time is getting released. The film is hitting the screens on 3rd August in the state and next week her another much awaited film 'Sagar' will hit the screens.\"Yes, I faced camera for the first time for '18th cross'. It was a great experience for me to be part of a film after working in some Television serials. The film's producer Chikkanna was a gentleman and he died after starting this film. After words his wife Ms. Rathna Chikkanna took the responsibility of completing the film. The film was stalled for many months after Chikkanna sir's death. Later I accepted the offer from director Shashank sir and producer E. Krishnappa who had offered me 'Moggina Manasu'. Now that 18th cross is releasing I will be happy if my performance in the film will be appreciated\" says Radhika Pandit.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15302755", "title": "Baby girl found by Authority sweepers in bushes in Sec 53", "text": "NOIDA: A baby girl was found abandoned near the bushes in a Sector 53 plot of Noida on Tuesday morning. The infant was found in a badly injured condition as insects and ants had bitten at over her body. Doctors at the district hospital in Sector 30, where the baby was taken for treatment, ascertained her age to be around 15 days. This is the second incident within the last four months when a baby girl has been found abandoned in Noida.On Tuesday, sweepers of Noida Authority discovered the child around 8am during their regular cleaning operations. A crowd of passersby soon gathered after hearing the cries of the child. A PCR van soon reached the spot and took the child to the district hospital for treatment.Doctors at the district hospital said that anything definite about the child's health can be said only after 24 hours. Until then, she has been put under the observation of a paediatrician. \"The injuries caused from insect bites seem to have had a dent upon her health,\" said paediatrician, Dr Raj Singh.There had been no enquiries about the missing child till late Tuesday evening. Hospital administration said that the child will be handed over to the district child welfare committee upon recovery. The district child welfare committee said that they will keep her in custody for three months during which efforts would be made to trace her parents. \"We will put up the child for adoption after three months if no one turns up to claim her,\" said Satya, coordinator of the child welfare committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304069", "title": "No evening water supply as plants shut", "text": "Water supply took a hit once again on Tuesday after the northern grid tripped for the second time in two days. This time, Delhiites had to make do without the evening supply as water treatment plants remained shut between 1pm and 5pm. Delhi Jal Board officials said Wednesday morning's supply will be normal.\"All plants came to a standstill when the grid collapsed at 1pm. Thereafter, power supply was restored to the plants 3.15pm onwards and, by 5pm, all the water treatment plants were working. Even though production started immediately , it takes time for sufficient pressure to build up in the plants to pump water. Because of this, evening supply to all areas took a hit,\" said a DJB official.During this time, ranney wells were also not functional and not even ground water could be supplied. Residents immediately took to calling for water tankers but they were only greeted with a long waiting line. \"First, we did not have any water on Monday morning. We received some supply in the evening but that was not sufficient. On Tuesday, the evening supply was cut off. Unless we get water early on Wednesday, we will find it very difficult to manage the day,\" said Ashok Khurana, a resident of Karol Bagh.In Vasant Vihar, residents were told that there would be no tankers to help them tide over the water shortage. \"I called the DJB helpline and was told that there were no tankers available and I should call a private tanker. I finally had to do just that but even they seemed busy and finally sent one tanker for six houses. Each of us paid Rs 300 for our share,\" said Sushma Awasthi, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301355", "title": "\u2018No male DNA found in Aarushi samples\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deposing in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case on Tuesday, senior CFSL expert PK Mahapatra told the CBI court in Ghaziabad: \"The Ballantine scotch bottle recovered from the Talwars' residence contained both male and female DNA.\"Besides the bottle, seven other samples collected by CBI were opened in the court on Tuesday. Mahapatra's role was restricted to verifying if DNA and bloodstains were present on the samples sent to the forensic laboratory. \"About DNA samples matching with the accused or the victims, it will be revealed by the Hyderabad CDFD only at a later stage,\" said RK Saini, CBI prosecutor. CBI had given a detailed account of the scotch bottle in its closure report.The other items included Aarushi's clothes, a watch, and bed sheets and pillows from her bedroom. Mahapatra said all the samples had blood on them with female DNA, and none had male DNA.Three other bottles \u2014 a plastic Sprite bottle, a bottle of Sula wine and an empty Kingfisher beer bottle \u2014 were found in Hemraj's room. There was also the lock found on the terrace door. Mahapatra said all these items had bloodstains but it was not possible to ascertain DNA from them. Twenty-four other samples will be opened in the court on Wednesday, when Mahapatra will continue his testimony. Last week, Dr Sunil Dohre had explained several aspects of the postmortem report that backs the CBI theory of Aarushi's parents' involvement in the murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15308463", "title": "Statistical highlights of the fourth ODI between India and Sri Lanka", "text": "COLOMBO: Statistical highlights of the fourth one-dayer between India and Sri Lanka at R Premadasa Stadium in Colombo on Tuesday# Upul Tharanga (51 off 73 balls) recorded his fifth fifty against India - his 27th in ODIs.# Lahiru Thirimanne (47 off 69 balls) registered his highest score in Sri Lanka in the ODIs.# Suresh Raina and Virat Kohli were involved in an unbroken match-winning fifth-wicket partnership of 146 = the third highest for India against Sri Lanka in ODIs. Mohammad Azharuddin and Ajay Jadeja had recorded 223 at Colombo RPS on August 17, 1997 - the highest ever for India against Sri Lanka.# Raina and Kohli batted aggressively in the last few overs to register an overall run-rate of 7.82 (146 off 112 balls) - India's second highest against Sri Lanka. Raina and Gambhir had registered a run-rate of 8.24 during their fifth wicket partnership of 103 off 75 balls at Colombo on February 5, 2009.# Manoj Tiwary (4/61) was the most successful bowler in the fourth ODI - his best bowling performance in ODIs.# Tiwary has become the third Indian spinner to capture four wickets or more against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka in ODIs, joining Harbhajan Singh and Pragyan Ojha.# Tiwary's splendid figures of 4 for 61 are the best by an Indian bowler while bowling at number seven against Sri Lanka - the fourth best by an Indian bowler in ODIs.# In his last two innings, Suresh Raina has batted quite well to remain unbeaten, steering India to splendid victories - 65 not out and 58 not out. He is averaging 68.65 in successful chases in Limited-Overs Internationals, aggregating 1373 runs in 54 matches, including a century and eleven half-centuries.# Raina's average is the third highest by an Indian batsman (minimum qualification: 1000 runs), behind Mahendra Singh Dhoni (101.40) and Virat Kohli (76.57)# Raina has been a consistent batsman recently, posting four fifties in his last six innings.# Raina's unbeaten 58 off 51 balls is his 24th half-century in ODIs - his eighth against Sri Lanka.# Gautam Gambhir has recorded his third duck against Sri Lanka - his eleventh in Limited-Overs Internationals.# India have won five consecutive bilateral ODI series against Sri Lanka.# India's victory by six wickets is their 400th in Limited-Overs Internationals. The first two teams to achieve the distinction were Australia (490) and Pakistan (416).# India have won 22 games and lost 13 against Sri Lanka (Tied 1 and No Result 2) out of 38 ODIs contested under Dhoni's captaincy - a record under one captain against Sri Lanka in ODIs.# Virat Kohli has been adjudged the Man of the Match twelve times in ODIs. His tally includes five received this year.# In consecutive calendar years in 2011 and 2012, Kohli has aggregated 1,000 runs or more - 1381 (ave. 47.62) in 34 matches in 2011 and 1003 (ave.77.15) in 15 matches in 2012.# Kohli became the first player to record five hundreds in 2012.# Kohli's outstanding unbeaten knock of 128 off 119 balls is his fifth century against Sri Lanka - his 13th in Limited Overs Internationals. Just two Indians - Sachin Tendulkar (8) and Gautam Gambhir (6) have registered more centuries than Kohli for India against Sri Lanka.# Kohli's superb feat of reaching 13 hundreds in 89 matches is without parallel in ODIs. In his last eight outings in ODIs, he has posted five hundreds, four against Sri Lanka and one against Pakistan.# With 273 runs at an average of 91.00 (strike rate of 90.39), Kohli is the leading run-getter in the current series.# Kohli has become the sixth player to post eight centuries or more in successful chases in ODIs (1991 runs at an average of 76.57 in 34 matches). He has joined Sachin Tendulkar (14), Saeed Anwar (9), Sanath Jayasuriya (9), Ricky Ponting (8) and Adam Gilchrist (8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302679", "title": "Booster dose: 229 teaching posts okayed", "text": "VADODARA: Giving a major boost to academic activities at M S University (MSU), Gujarat government has sanctioned as many as 229 teaching posts to the university.It is after a gap of 15 years that the teaching posts have been sanctioned by the state government. MSU officials, who received the state government's missive on Tuesday noon, are on cloud nine.The state government has given nod to fill up 61 posts of professors, 59 posts of associate professors and 90 posts of assistant professors apart from 16 posts of lecturers at Polytechnic College and three posts of 'adhyapaks' at Baroda Sanskrit Mahavidyalaya.\"This will help us improve the academic health of our university as this will end the vacuum of permanent teachers on the campus,\" MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh, who was in ecstatic mood told TOI.\"We are happy as the state government has sanctioned all the posts of professors and associate professors that we had demanded. We are hopeful to get more posts of assistant professors in next phase. Also, we are expecting to see good results in our efforts to streamline Faculty of Journalism and Communication,\" Singh, who since months was lobbying hard with Gandhinagar to get the posts sanctioned, said.It is worth mentioning here that MSU has a reason to celebrate as most other universities across Gujarat have received little from the state government.The Veer Narmad South Gujarat University ( VNSGU), which had approached state government to fill up 150 vacant posts, had received sanction to fill up only three posts. But the state government seems to have adopted a liberal view for Gujarat's only English medium university.\"Faculty of Technology and Engineering will get the maximum posts of teachers followed by science, family and community sciences, commerce, arts, education and psychology, fine arts, performing arts, management and law faculties,\" officer on special duty (registrar) Amit Dholakia said.MSU was managing most of its academic work with temporary teaching assistants. In recent times, the situation had become worse with the state government seizing all the posts that were lying vacant while giving nod for the sixth pay commission benefits to permanent teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299533", "title": "Adarsh blames ex-army chief", "text": "MUMBAI: The gloves are now off in the Adarsh battle, with the housing society blaming former Chief of Army Staff Gen V K Singh for its troubles.In a reply filed in the Bombay high court to oppose the intervention plea filed by the defence ministry, Adarsh secretary R C Thakur said the \"alleged scam was a plot initiated and doctored by Gen V K Singh to settle scores with his predecessors\". It was also \"to defame Adarsh and its members\" after Gen Singh took over from Gen Deepak Kapoor on April 1, 2010. \"After taking over, the army HQ wrote to southern command, Pune, seeking details on Adarsh,\" he said. In a reply to Gen Singh's letter, it was said the case was inquired into in 2003-04 and \"reopening it may not be advisable as it may lead to media manipulation and adverse publicity\". Yet, the society said, Singh began a confidential inquiry.Seeking to intervene in PILs filed against Adarsh, the defence ministry wants to challenge the state's claim that the Colaba plot was the government's and also the state's belated claim that CBI had been given no sanction to conduct the probe into the criminal allegations against the society members.The HC, which will hear the matter next week, sought replies from the society, state as well as petitioners Pravin Wategaonkar and Simpreet Singh. Raising a preliminary technical point, the society said only the Defence Estate Officer could initiate proceedings about title of a defence land and no other officer is authorized to \"comment\" as it is the custodian of all military land. The DEO, it said, on April 5, 2010, informed that the land belonged to the state and \"was outside the boundary of Colaba Military station\". The confidential inquiry report stated the land belonged to state, the society said attaching a copy. It added the intervention application by Maj Gen Deepak Saxena, Chief of Staff, MG &amp; G Area, Army cannot be accepted by court as he is \"not authorized to depose on military land ownership\".The society said it was \"shocking\" that \"even after a conclusive report\", the ministry raised a title suit issue and initiated a CBI inquiry. It said the ministry's \"baseless and mischievous claim of land title is an afterthought to harass Adarsh members\" and a bid to \"hoodwink\". It said when the two-member judicial panel had held that Adarsh plot belonged to the state after recording evidence of 38 witnesses, including army and IAS officers, the ministry could not now raise the issue in a \"feeble attempt'' when it could show no proof that it was a military land.The society also attacked the CBI probe and said the FIR was lodged last January without sanction and so, the probe was \"without jurisdiction\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302151", "title": "NIDians win laurels in China", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two teams from National Institute of Design (NID) won awards at the 2012 PACE Global Annual Forum co-hosted by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Tongji University, and GM China at Shanghai in China. The forum held on theme of Powering Global Collaboration was held from July 22 to 27.42 universities from 12 countries participated in the forum. \"The forum held a number of presentations of various institutional projects. This year we participated in 'Innovative Mobility Solutions' project where apart from NID, 5 other design schools including Monash University, Australia, College of Creative Studies, Howard University and University of Cincinnati , USA, and IESTM, Mexico,\" said an NID faculty.While a team of Mihir Laghage and Kishan Patel, students of industrial design at NID, won award for best regional and consumer research for their car sharing design Baatna (sharing), Bhushan D and Anand CR of Transport and Automobile Design (TAD), won first prize in best poster and presentation category for their poster on theme of Indian Metro 2020.The team of Laghate and Patel designed the car to encourage carpooling trend to avoid traffic congestion, bus rapid transit system (BRTS), sky bus and metro have been introduced worldwide. However, the competition had asked participants to think beyond this and come up with innovations that will solve traffic problems in their respective countries.In poster presentation, Bhushan and Anand pitched in idea of multi-modal transport for cities of future where the commuters could be encouraged to select their mode of transport on the basis of time, availability and comfort. The team had suggested an integral model taking into consideration walkers, cyclists, two-wheeler and three-wheelers, cars and public transport such as trains and buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15301252", "title": "We have plenty of options in part-time bowling: Dhoni", "text": "COLOMBO: India were clinical in almost all departments in their six-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the fourth ODI on Tuesday, but skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni especially emphasised on the part-time bowlers' role and said his side has plenty of options to trouble the rival batsmen.Spinner Manoj Tiwary claimed four wickets while Virat Kohli slammed an unbeaten 128 to help India take an unassailable 3-1 lead in the series.\"The part-timers bowled really well, the pace was important and they bowled to their field. This is the reason why fast bowlers bowled just 18 overs,\" Dhoni said after their comfortable six-wicket win.\"What matters is the variations we got now. Manoj is the away going spinner for us, we have some off-spinners and also Virat can bowl his medium pacers with the keeper up. That is the sort of quality we have.\"They bowled the right length to create trouble for batsmen. So have plenty of options now. Even when Manoj is not there, we have Viru and Suresh Raina who can bowl. So if we don't get a perfect all-rounder, we are comfortable playing seven batsmen,\" he added.Dhoni also heaped praise on Kohli, who completed his 13th ODI hundred, and also singled out Raina for special mention.\"Kohli has improved a lot, once he gets set, he's someone who doesn't like to throw away his wicket, he's a very improved cricketer, very hungry to get runs,\" he said.\"Raina also, he bats at No. 6 or 7, the time has come for him to bat at 4 or 5. The problem is, you have to see what's best for the side, the kind of finisher he is at 6 or 7.\"Last one or two years we haven't found anyone who can fit in his shoes. But it is high time he gets a chance to score big runs,\" he added.Kohli, who was adjudged Man of the Match, said he was disappointed after his last match failure and that spurred him on.\"It's been going well for me, just trying to keep it simple. I got out in the last match, it was disappointing, I thought about it. It always pleases a sportsperson than when we perform and the team wins,\" he said.On how he tackled Lasith Malinga , Kohli said: \"Luckily, I'm strong on the leg side, he's the sort of bowler if you don't get on top of him, he can change the match. I was very disappointed with the last match as I didn't have the strike-rate to set up a platform for the side.\"Sri Lankan skipper Mahela Jayawardene said his team fell short by 30-40 runs and also failed to pick up wickets.\"To control that line-up you need to pick up wicket, that's where we lacked in the last few games, dropping catches doesn't help. The wicket was a touch slow, under lights the ball does a bit, the quicks bowled well, we didn't bat well, 30-40 runs short,\" he said.\"When you set a target like that, you set attacking fields, if you get through that initial period, it becomes easy for them. Lot of credit to Nuwan Pradeep , bowled with lot of pace, good control as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15301203", "title": "Church to address migrant labour issue", "text": "KOCHI: Thousands of migrant labourers streaming into Kerala are doubly disadvantaged--Uprooted from home they suffer major displacement, and in their new places of work they are often inhumanly exploited. The Catholic Church in Kerala, in true apostolic fashion, is now trying to address this problem at source.Help desks will be opened by the church in every district in Assam , Bihar , West Bengal and Orissa from where the maximum number of labourers come to Kerala for work. Under the auspices of the Workers India Federation, an NGO working for the welfare of unorganized workers under Catholic Bishops' Conference of India, a taskforce has been constituted for the purpose.\"When a migrant labourer approaches the help desk in his native village, a certificate attesting his bona fides is issued. He is also given a brief on living and labour conditions in Kerala,'' said Fr. Jaison Vadassery, associate director, Ernakulam Social Service Society, an organization attached to the Varapuzha Arch Diocese.The church's initiative comes at a time when the state government is clueless about labour influx and has failed to ensure basic amenities for them. Similarly, a labourer on arrival in Kerala will contact a help desk. We will open facilitation centres in Kochi, Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram,'' said Joseph Jude, secretary general, Kerala Labour Movement (KLM).Fr Jaison said assistance will be extended to women who are employed as domestic maids to find a job if they are out of one. \"This initiative will ensure that migration assumes a structured pattern. This will prevent issues of human trafficking and duping of migrant labourers,\" said Fr. Jaison. The church will also provide temporary accommodation for the labourers. \"We are hoping to begin the whole process in a month's time after the action plan is ready,\" Jude said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ chennai", "code": "15302206", "title": "Greens see timber mafia hand in protest against officer", "text": "COIMBATORE/ CHENNAI: Environmental activists allege that the allegation levelled against V C Rahul, an assistant conservator of forests, that he assaulted a forest guard and three watchmen attached to the Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) on Sunday is part of a strategy devised by the timber mafia to keep the officer out of an investigation into illegal quarrying and tree-felling inside the reserve.Rahul has gone on leave after forest guards and anti-poaching watchmen drawn from the tribal community struck work on Monday seeking action against him. On Tuesday, the IFS official told TOI on phone that he has not committed any crime and will not tender any apology. Meanwhile, the striking employees returned to work on Tuesday after Rahul was sent on leave.Sources told TOI that Rahul was probing a major teak tree felling scam and quarrying of sand and rocks illegally from Ullandi forest range near Topslip. Problems started after he submitted a preliminary report on the issue on June 25. The report says some 2,000 teak trees were cut from Ulandi range alone over the past four years. While some of these were used to build huts for tribals, a sizeable portion was smuggled out of the forest, said sources. For instance, records available at Sethumadai forest check post in the foothills of the ATR show that a forest department-owned truck had shipped out a full load of teak logs from Ulandi to Kottur (outside forest area) on February 28, 2011. There is no trace of that timber now.Rahul is also said to have exposed illegal quarrying of sand and stones in the same forest range. An official in the know said the tree felling mafia had instigated the tribals by spreading canards that Rahul's probe was targeted against them.The office of the ATR field director is learnt to have sent two reports on the thefts, one to the chief wildlife warden Rakesh Vasisht on June 28 and another to the principal chief conservator of forests Gautam Dey on July 10. No action has been taken on the reports. Gautam Dey, despite repeated calls, did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "15299652", "title": "Wind energy bails out Jodhpur", "text": "BIKANER: Wind power came to the rescue of Jodhpur Discom during the Northern and Eastern power grid failure, whereas the other Discoms had to wait until the power units at Kota, NTPC and power plants at Rana Pratap Sagar and Jawahar Sagar resumed supply.\"The power generated through wind energy put an end to the outage within two hours at the Jodhpur Discom on Tuesday, providing us with around 800-900 MW power. We immediately switched to wind power and resumed power supply at hospitals, PHED water pumps, railways, high court and administrative offices,\" A K Gupta, MD, Jodhpur DISCOM, said.By 4 pm, power supply was restored at headquarters of all the ten districts under Jodhpur Discom. But supply to the industry and agriculture sector could not be restored. \"They will have to wait till the problem of grid failure is solved and steady supply is resumed,\" Gupta added.This situation added insult to the injury for the farming sector. Already under pressure due to failed monsoon, the farmers are unable to begin sowing in the irrigated areas. The industrial sector, too, is facing the same plight. Industries in Jodhpur are basically export-oriented, involving goods like handicrafts, guar gum, textiles, steel sheets and utensils.In Bikaner, the power supply was snapped around 11 am and restored in some areas around 2 pm. The acting district collector Ramdev Goyal told TOI that power supply in rural areas was interrupted since Sunday night, which is adversely affecting the groundnut crop. But we are unable to provide them sufficient power supply, he added.Industrialist Manoj Parakh said that since Sunday night industries, too, are not getting sufficient power supply which is interfering with their production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303109", "title": "Neighbours stand by chastity lock victim", "text": "INDORE: In a rare gesture of solidarity with the aggrieved woman, whose private parts were put under chastity lock for almost four years by her suspicious husband, the local residents formed a committee to protect her from the accused. The residents feel that her husband might be vindictive towards her for having disclosed her agony to the police. The husband had pierced and locked her private parts to restrict her from extramarital relationship.Around 15 families of Idrish Nagar have come together and have decided not to allow the accused husband Sohan Lal to enter the locality. Ashok Lashkari, a resident, said, \"We are firm that we will not allow Sohan Lal in our locality, and we are ready to go to any extent. We had no idea about the incident otherwise we would have already helped the woman.\"Another resident of the colony, Anand Rathore, also rued not knowing about the incident said, \"Had we known about the cruelty, we would have saved the victim from the ordeal she underwent.\"Talking to TOI, women and child welfare officer Vishal Nadkarni said he had a talk with the local people in this regard and asked them to be alert 24X7. Officials cannot provide security to the victim every time so local people's initiative too is important, he said.Perturbed by the incident, the victim and her children fear that the accused might kill them once he is out of jail. On Tuesday, the victim requested the officials not to let him out and that she would eke out a living in any manner possible but feared her husband's presence.Recalling her ordeal, she said that she could not even see her sons since four years and met them only when she was admitted to the MY Hospital she consumed poison.The department is also trying to provide security to her children including two girls and three sons, Nadkarni said adding that they would be given proper education and shelter too.The woman's husband Sohan Lal was arrested for piercing his wife's private parts with spiky instrument and locking it for four year. The incident came to the fore on July 17 when the woman consumed poison. She took the step when her husband intoxicated her to reportedly rape his elder daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300230", "title": "Kidnapped doctor 'recovered' from his 1st wife's house", "text": "LUCKNOW: A case of kidnapping reported on July 21, now has turned to be the one of a dejected man's escape from his 'nagging' wife. The wife had lodged complaint with the Mahanagar police station accusing two persons of the 'crime'. But, the Mahanagar police recovered the 'kidnapped' man from his native village in Basti where was staying with his first wife.It was on July 21 that one Alka Sarbat Misra, a resident of New Gole Market, informed the Mahanagar police that her husband Dr Sarbat Jamal had been kidnapped. She also named two persons Abdullah and Raamish as accused. After registering the complaint, a police team was formed and help from surveillance team was taken, said circle officer Habibul Hasan.During the course of investigation, the police team found the location of Sarbat's mobile phone in Basti district. After zeroing in on the location, the police reached Peeli Kothi locality in Basti district and were able to recover Sarbat, who was living with her first wife Nazm.Sarbat then told the police that Alka was his second wife and had married her about 15 years back. Alka did know that he was married with Nazm, Sarbat told the police. He has four children with Nazm. She along with her four children live at his native house in Basti.The recent dispute between Alka and Sarbat began about a year ago when Sarbat got married his eldest daughter from the first wife. Alka didn't want him to marry his daughter, Sarbat told the police and added, in fact, she didn't want him to have any relation with his first wife and children.Annoyed over this, Alka started sending SMSs to Sarbat's relatives defaming him. She often used to indulge in altercation with me, he told the police and added that fed up with this daily altercation, he fled to his first wife. Sarbat denied that he had been kidnapped, the circle officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15303385", "title": "\u2018Mumbai needs normal, not moral, policing\u2019", "text": "As he made way for successor Sanjeev Dayal to take over as Maharashtra's director general of police, K Subramanyam criticized in unequivocal words ACP Vasant Dhoble's moral crusade against bars, pubs and discotheques in Mumbai.\"I do not subscribe to Dhoble's moral policing. In my opinion, we do not need moral policing; what we need is routine or normal policing. It is high time we do away with archaic laws,\" Subramanyam told TOI.The 1976-batch IPS officer said a section of the force, instead of addressing the issues facing the society, was exceeding its brief and in the process violating people's rights. \"The men in khaki should ensure peace and maintain law and order. Under no circumstances should we create a situation that causes a disturbance in the society.\"Subramanyam's criticism was another indictment of social service branch head Vasant Dhoble, who has led a campaign against bars and pubs in the city. The campaign, according to critics, has been helped by outdated laws that give cops the autonomy to decide what forms inappropriate behaviour.Subramanyam called it unfortunate that law enforcement agencies were victimising law-abiding people over issues as trifling as drinking without a liquor permit. \"We catch hold of people who do not have Rs 5 permits to consume alcohol. But even a permit holder can consume liquor and create a scene. The force needs to deal with such situations very tactfully.\"\"In my opinion, if people are moving freely on Marine Drive at night, it is a sign of good law and order. If someone is misbehaving, it does not mean that the entire crowd is bad. We will have to identify the mischief-makers,\" he said.Subramanyam asserted that it was the responsibility of senior inspectors at police stations to maintain law and order in their areas. \"In my tenure, I insisted that senior inspectors interact with school and college students to understand the basic issues before the society.\"Asked if he ever took up the issue of moral policing with Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik, Subramanyam said no such occasion arose.On the subject of giving extensions to retiring officers, Subramanyam said he was against the practice. \"I was in the IPS for 36 years. I had a satisfactory inning. I do not think that I will achieve any thing big if I secure another three or six months. An extension, usually, is great injustice to the person who is next in line; it causes a lot of heartburn among junior officers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307763", "title": "Charulatha sets a new trend!", "text": "Dwarakish Chithra's new film 'Charulatha' directed by Pon Kumaran who had earlier directed Kiccha Sudeep's film 'Vishnuvardhana' has done a remarkable job by getting the remake rights of the Thai Korean film 'Alone' on which 'Charulatha' is based. The Tamil and Telugu versions of the film is also lined up.While most Indian filmmakers including the Kannada film producers copy foreign films without any hesitation and take credit for story and screenplay, we are now seeing a director who has the courage to accept that he is remaking a popular foreign film.'Charulatha' stars Priyamani in the role of Siamese twins. 'Alone' is about a deceased Siamese twin returning to haunt surviving sister. In 'Charulatha', Priyamani plays the role of conjoined twins. The film is directed by Ponkumaran and it is to be released in Telugu by Geetha Film Distribution.Whereas directors of 'Chingaari' which was based on Korean film 'Taken' and 'Aarakshaka' which was based on Hollywood film 'Shutter Island' had not taken the remake rights of the film. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299690", "title": "Missing woman found, was sold to five men", "text": "JAIPUR: A 30-year-old woman, who went missing a year ago, was recovered by Dholpur police from a human trafficking gang which had sold her to five different men over past one year. After her recovery, the police sent her to a shelter home in the district and lodged a case of abduction and rape against six persons.According to the police, the victim had eloped with a man she identified as Rajesh. Later, he (Rakesh) sold her to another man, identified as Jeetu, who later sold her to three different men in Basai Dang area.Preliminary investigation suggests that the woman was sold for amounts varying from Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000.\"We got a tip-off that the woman was kept hostage at a house situated in the area. A team raided the house and rescued her. The house occupants had fled during the raid,\" an officer said.The four different men kept the woman for almost six months and recently handed her back to Jeetu.\"The woman has registered a case of abduction and rape against six accused and her statements under Section 164 of CrPC have been recorded before a judicial magistrate in Dholpur,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15300923", "title": "Family praises Kumar's Olympic performance", "text": "Berhampur: K Ravi Kumar's hopes of an Olympic medal may be dashed after he finished sixth in the men's weightlifting 69kg category on Tuesday, but his parents and former coaches have expressed happiness over his performance.The weightlifter from Berhampur, who made his Olympic debut in London , had won gold in Commonwealth Games 2010 lifting a total of 321 kg (146 kg+175 kg). He was also lifted 311 kg (141kg+170kg) in the Asian Championship held in April in Korea. Myong Hyok Kim of Korea got the Olympic gold in the same event while Venezula's Junior Antonio Sanchez Rivero won silver.\"We are very optimistic that he would spring a surprise by fetching a medal for the country by virtue of his performance at the practice camp in Patiala. In the camp, he had lifted up to 330 kg,\" said vice-president of Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWF) and general secretary of Odisha Weightlifting Association (OWA), Narayan Sahu. \"Although he has failed to make his best effort in the international event, we are happy with his performance.\"The 24-year-old Army man was India's only representative in the Olympic men's weightlifting category. \"He was competing in the Olympics for the first time. I am happy with his performance\" said Ravi's mother Suryakanta. She, however, did not lose her hopes. \"He will gain from this experience to boost his moral next time,\" she said.Kumar's mother and relatives offered prayers in the temple hoping for his success.Members of Veer Hanuman Club - from where Kumar began his weightlifting career about five years ago - were also happy with his performance. \"We are happy because of he was the only Odia youth participating in the Olympics in weightlifting,\" said the members. They had also conducted a rally marking the beginning of the Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300451", "title": "59 reserved plots encroached upon in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: An RTI query filed by Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale has revealed that 59 plots reserved in the development plan (DP) by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, have been encroached upon by more than 10,000 illegal structures.The PCMC in its reply has said that the 59 plots were acquired after giving monetary compensation or transfer of development rights. The number of unauthorised constructions is 10,676, it said.Savale said strict action should be taken against the officials responsible for the encroachments. She has sent a letter to municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi in this regard. She said the corporation was yet to demarcate the boundaries of the plots reserved in the DP for the newly-merged villages. As a result, encroachments on such plots cannot be ruled out.Pardeshi said the civic administration was preparing a plan to remove the unauthorised constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300507", "title": "Rs 900-crore Asian Development Bank grant for rural Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has decided to grant Rs 900 crore to West Bengal for the upgrade and development of rural roads. With the panchayat elections scheduled in December, the grant money comes as a massive boost for the Mamata Banerjee-led government. MIts a major boost for the Mamata Banerjee government before the forthcoming panchayat elections this winter. The state government is set to get a grant of about Rs 900 crore from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for upgrading all rural roads in Bengal.The ADB has approved a loan of $800 million (Rs 4,000 crore) to India under the multi-tranche financing facility to India for the rural connectivity investment programme. Under the programme, about 9,000 kilometre of all-weather roads will be constructed in five states of the country that include Assam , Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh , Orissa and West Bengal. The project aims to connect about connecting about 4,200 habitations.The ADB took this decision was taken by the ADB earlier this month and early this month and the Bengal government received a letter from the bank on July 12. According to the letter, the investment programme aims to pilot the use of latest construction technologies and make increased use of local materials. The ADB has approved the funds after having chalked out a The long-term impact of the investment programme. The primary initiative is to will be reduce poverty and deprivation and bring about inclusive economic growth in the five states. for which ADB has approved the fund.The ADB took this decision early this month and the Bengal government received a letter from ADB on July 12.Though the rural roads come under the purview belong to the jurisdiction of the panchayat and rural development department, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has already immediately instructed the state PWD to cater to the matter with utmost importance. for immediate action.\"We will first consult all the district planning committees. After having identified the rural roads, we will then now prepare a project report after consulting all district planning committees to identify the rural roads and take their suggestions. This report will be submitted to the ADB,\" said PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan. The PWD will write to all the district magistrates on this issue. It will take about a few months for the completion of the entire process, said sources. to be completed.According to preliminary estimates, the state has about 1,800 kilometre of rural roads, including combining all the rural roads of the districts. The bank will sent the entire grant of Rs 4,000 crore to the Centre. The latter will then hand over the stipulated Rs 900 crore to the state government. state will receive the money from the centre which will get the entire fund of Rs 4000 crore from ADB as loan.\"It is almost a grant as the interest amount is very negligible and the centre will be paying it back over a long period of time. The states will receive the money almost as a grant,\" said a high placed government official.Apart from the rural roads, RITES is doing a survey of five state highways running through the districts. These five state highways include SH-2, SH-3, SH-4, SH-5 and SH-12A. The estimated stretch has a having a total length of 1079 kilometres and will be upgraded soon under a separate project.These state highways mainly cover places mainly of the three Maoist-infested districts of Bankura, Purulia, West Midnapore and also in some places of Hooghly, Coochbehar, Jalpaiguri and Burdwan. The PWD had earlier received Rs 1,400 crore under the Backward Region Grants Fund (BRGF) which could be divided among the 11 backward districtsof the state.Total loan approved by Asian Development Bank for five states of the country - Rs 4,000 croreThe beneficiary states - Assam, Chattisgarh, Madhyapradesh, Orissa and West BengalTotal rural road network in the five states - 9,000 kilometerWest Bengal could get about Rs 900 croreRural road network - 1800 kilometer approxPWD to prepare detail project report in consultation with district planning committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300229", "title": "Students join anti-graft protests", "text": "NAGPUR: Heavy rainfall in the city failed to deter citizens from participating in India Against Corruption ( IAC) protest on its seventh day. As many as 150 students of Priya Vidya Vihar came with their school staff to motivate protesters on indefinite hunger strike.Tuesday afternoon came as a delightful treat for the local agitators as hundreds of boys and girls from seventh to tenth standard came in their school buses to express their solidarity with Team Anna. Geared up in their school uniforms, these students raised slogans and tapped their feet to the tune of 'Rang De Basanti'. They were accompanied by their teachers and non-teaching staff who too joined the protest. Many of them gave speeches about corrupt leaders and threw light on the importance of choosing an effective leader.\"It is very important for students to understand this nationwide protest. They should be kept updated with the current happenings of our country and political situation. That is why we decided to bring our students here so they could themselves witness the protest,\" said Meena Shrivastava, supervisor of the school.After a long time, the protest site looked crowded with supporters and the agitators were obviously encouraged by this. \"Today was one of our best days as being surrounded by so many people gives us positive energy. The presence of these cheerful students, we feel all charged up,\" said 66-year-old Bhagwandas Rathi who is on indefinite hunger strike.Meanwhile, 51-year-old Nandkishore Tikle gave up fast on Tuesday as he thought merely sitting here would not make much difference. \"This time, people are hesitant in taking part in the protest. So, I decided to step out and gather more supporters,\" Tikle told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299857", "title": "Nelamangala may come under Bangalore cops", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Tuesday constituted a special team of investigators to hunt down the killers of BEML Krishnappa, JD(S) leader and Bangalore rural zilla panchayat member.Replying to a question raised by S R Vishwanath (BJP), home minister R Ashoka said the special team will be headed by an IGP and Bangalore City Crime Branch police, who specialize in investigating such cases.He also accepted a suggestion from a member to extend the Bangalore police commissionerate's jurisdiction to Nelamangala and some other pockets there under the BBMP. \"This will help because police on the outskirts have to focus on various tasks unlike Bangalore city police who have special forces for different problems,\" Ashoka added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300355", "title": "Grids' collapse disrupts rail services again", "text": "LUCKNOW: Several trains came to a grinding halt following the collapse of three grids on Tuesday. More than 40 trains were held up in Northern Railway (NR), while movement of 32 trains was hit in North Central Railway (NCR). Fiver trains were running late in the North Eastern Railway while 10 trains were stranded between Gaya and Mughalsarai in the East Central Railway (ECR). The railway services on the affected electrified routes were restored by 4:30pm in Lucknow and Allahabad divisions, under emergency services.On the Lucknow-Kanpur route, which is the only electrified stretch of NR's Lucknow division, Neelanchal Express, Okha-Guwahati Express and three Lucknow-Kanpur MEMU trains were held up. Lucknow-New Delhi Shatabdi Express was made to run on a diesel engine. \"We did not want to delay the train,\" said a station official. The other trains were also made to operate on diesel engines like Neelanchal Express which was stranded near Kanpur.\"The trains which were stranded near major stations were brought to Allahabad using diesel engines but the ones stranded at minor stations had to wait,\" said NCR chief public relation officer Sandip Mathur. The trains like Moori Express, Kalka Mail and Jodhpur-Howrah Express too were stranded. NCR set up several helplines at Allahabad, Aligarh, Mirzapur and Kanpur for the kin of passengers stranded at odd stations. \"We also ensured the presence of vendors at the smaller stations so that passengers can buy drinks and food,\" said Mathur. The entire stretch from Mughalsarai to Ghaziabad in NCR was hit by the grids' collapse.The movement of electric trains too was completely disrupted in the Mughalsarai division of ECR. \"As many as eight trains are standing at various places between Mughalsarai and Gaya while two trains are standing at Mughalsarai station,\" said ADRM Mughalsarai Ramesh Chandra . The goods trains were also waiting in the yard for the restoration of power supply.Since the North Eastern Railway (NER) does not have electrified routes, it had the minimum impact. The division had five trains, including Jaipur-Kamakhya Express and Kanpur-Chhapra Express, running late. \"These were the trains we got from adjacent stations,\" said NER chief public relation officer Amit Singh . Though the routes had been restored, trains were still running late.The train operations were gradually getting restored. \"The signalling system was restored quickly and then the trains were made to run,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, Sr, DCM, Lucknow, NR. The station officials, however, denied that there were any cancellations due to delayed train traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15301068", "title": "People's safety first, hoteliers in town told", "text": "KOTTAYAM: District collector Mini Antony has urged hoteliers to help the district administration make its 'Plastic free, waste free Kottayam' campaign a success. The campaign is being launched from Wednesday.The campaign is being held in the wake of the raids conducted by the municipality's food safety office and health department in which several hotels, canteens and bakeries were found to be serving stale food and working under unhygienic conditions.The collector urged eateries to ensure that quality food is served and to be careful about the personal hygiene of their staff, kitchen and premises. She was interacting with hoteliers at the district collectorate on Tuesday.She also directed the municipal health inspectors to be in uniform while conducting raids. This has been one of the major demands of hoteliers. The collector assured hoteliers that only those authorized to conduct raids would enter hotels.N Pratheesh, secretary, Hotel and Restaurant Association, said hoteliers were willing to cooperate with the administration to make the campaign a success.\"We welcome raids by authorized persons in uniform. Frequent power cuts in the town is making life hard for hoteliers who use freezers,\" he said.At the meeting, it was decided that hotels would not use plastic bags for making home delivery.The collector also directed hoteliers to ensure waste management at source. Those who have land should set up biogas plants. The government would give 50 per cent of the amount required for it or a maximum of Rs one lakh for setting up such plants. Those who do not have land should form a society and set up a plant. They could seek the help of the municipality in finding the land, she said.The hoteliers also sought assurance from the administration on the quality of materials they got, including water provided by the water authority. The collector assured them that the administration would hold talks with the KWA regarding this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304172", "title": "Rain, defunct signals choke roads", "text": "Tuesday brought a double whammy for commuters as rain and non-functional signals triggered major traffic snarls across the city. While waterlogging was reported in many areas in the morning, traffic lights went on the blink from 1.30pm. Signals were not restored in major parts of west Delhi till late Tuesday evening.Commuters had a hard time as traffic crawled, especially those heading to the airport. The morning rain resulted in a partial wall collapse near the T-3 Northern Access road which blocked both carriageways of the airport link. While two lanes on the carriageway towards T-3 and one lane on the reverse route were restored by evening, commuters were forced to travel through the narrow link near Radisson Hotel to reach the airport.What's worse is that even the other link to the airport \u2014 on Mahipalpur Road \u2014 was also waterlogged. It was functional only by late afternoon. \"Traffic movement became extremely heavy near the toll point next to Radisson Hotel. The situation was brought under control through the cooperation between toll officials and traffic police. We put up cautionary boards at NH-8 to warn commuters of the adverse situation,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Places like Aurobindo Marg, Mahipalpur Chowk, under Rajokri flyover, Lado Sarai, GTB Hospital, Adarsh Nagar, Barfkhana, Azadpur and the area under Mayapuri flyover, among others, were waterlogged. Traffic movement was especially affected from Kashmere Gate ISBT to Rajghat because of potholes near Hanuman Setu.While Delhiites thought the worst was over after the morning traffic jams were over, traffic signals went on the blink around 1.30pm due to the power grid failure. Roads were choked as almost all of the 780 traffic signals stopped functioning. The disruption in Metro services also added to the traffic load on roads. Signals were not functioning even in New Delhi areas like Chanakyapuri. As a result, areas like Connaught Place, Ashok Road and Baba Kharak Singh Marg witnessed traffic snarls. Connaught Place and Vikas Marg were jam-packed all through Tuesday afternoon.Traffic lights were restored in the trans-Yamuna region between 4.15pm and 5.30pm. In south Delhi, signals began to function by 4pm and all lights were restored by 5.30pm. Traffic jams were reported on Mathura Road, Ring Road and outer Ring Road.Meanwhile, most traffic lights in west Delhi remained non-functional even till late Tuesday evening. While none of the lights was working on Najafgarh Road, outer Ring Road and NH-10 in west Delhi, half the lights were not functional in Dwarka, Tilak Nagar, Kapashera and Patel Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308032", "title": "Get ready for age-proof hair", "text": "Greying hair is a nightmare for every woman. It happens to all of us at some point in life.Some women start greying in their mid-30s while some do not see their first silver hair until they are in their 50s. The main reason for premature greying is that the hair follicle stops producing melanin, which is hair's natural pigment.\"Going grey isn't just about losing your hair's natural colour - what makes it worse is the change in texture that usually takes place once premature greying starts,\" says Aakriti Kochar, beauty expert. Hair starts turning quite coarse and is not easy to manage.With ageing, the rate of hair growth slows down, while some hair follicles stop producing new hair completely. So, when a hair falls out naturally, it may not be replaced. This kind of hair-ageing can catch women off-guard and its fixes aren't quick. Caring for your hair and scalp NOW is the only way out of this eventuality.Tips to keep your hair at its best, no matter what your ageKeep stress at bay Stress spikes adrenaline production, which can convert into androgens and cause extra hair to fall out. So, take some time out of your busy schedule to do what makes you feel good \u2014 whether it's yoga, meditation or something as simple as a bubble bath.Lock in moisture When it comes to your hair, remember, 'moisture is the key'. Says dermatologist Swati Srivastava, \"Hairstyling treatments completely zap moisture from the mane. Limit hairstyling to special occasions. If you tend to use a hair dryer every day, switch to a no-heat setting. Avoid excess brushing and hair washing.Pack in protein When shopping for hair products, opt for the protein-based ones; they reinforce the hair shaft, and help it remain strong enough to fight breakage. Foods like tofu, lean meat and eggs are also great sources of edible protein.Treat your scalp Whether it is oily or dry, your scalp needs a relaxing treatment. Take some almond oil and massage it into your scalp. Dip a towel in hot water and wrap it around your head for about 20 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15301719", "title": "Get valuable tips to support your family business", "text": "HUBLI: Here is some good news for youngsters coming from business families. The KLE Society's Institute of Management Studies and Research, in association with the Jain International Trade Organization (JITO), has organized an open interactive session, meant exclusively for graduates with a family business background on Wednesday in Hubli.Resource persons for the session will be Amit Soundalgekar, corporate trainer from Belgaum and M Ramchandra Rao, hospitality trainer from Bangalore and the interactive session will be on the themes of goal setting, career planning, business etiquettes and life skills. Already about 80 graduates from various districts of the north Karnataka have enrolled their names to take part in the session.Speaking to TOI, IMSR college director P B Roodagi said that the course will provide orientation to graduates as to how to take their family business forward in a profitable way in the face of changing local and global environs.For details contact: 0836-2377466", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15302526", "title": "House break-in", "text": "Unidentified burglars entered a closed flat at Vijay apartments, near Golf Club ground on Monday between 4.30pm and 5.30 pm and stole Rs 25,000 and jewellery worth Rs 55,000. In his complaint, Vasant Jantre, the flat's resident, said the thieves burglars broke the main latch and lock of the flat to enter itand decamped with the valuables that were kept in a cupboard. Sarkarwada police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303160", "title": "Alagappa College dean is Anna Univ interim VC", "text": "CHENNAI: The state higher education department announced on Tuesday that P Kaliraj, dean of the Alagappa College of Technology, will perform the duties of the vice-chancellor of Anna University Chennai from Wednesday, when the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology with the university comes into effect.Professor Kaliraj, who belongs to the biotechnology department, is the senior most professor in the university. He replaces the three-member convenor committee that has been managing the university's affairs after professor P Mannar Jawahar completed his term as vice-chancellor. Professor Kaliraj is expected to serve as VC till the new syndicate is formed, after which a search committee will be formed to look for a VC. Higher education minister P Palaniappan told reporters earlier that the process was expected to take two to three months.Professor Kalairaj, who comes from a farming family in Virudhunagar, completed his schooling in his village and his postgraduate degree at the University of Madras. He received his doctorate in immunotechnology from Nagpur University, and has made a significant contribution to the diagnosis of filariasis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302124", "title": "Crooks detain cops by locking them up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The tables were turned on four policemen on Monday. The cops, who are used to locking up suspects, were held captive by a man for over half an hour when they entered a house to catch two accused persons in Usmanpura. The offender was later caught by Naranpura police.According to Naranpura police, constables of the surveillance squad went to the home of Anand and Dilip Bansal, in Lakshminarayan Society in Usmanpura, three or four times to serve a court notice. They didn't find the brothers on any of their visits. The matter was reported to sub-inspector B S Vankar who accompanied the team to the residence at 7 pm on Monday.\"When they reached the house, the duo's younger brother Nilesh was home. He refused to cooperate and asked the team to leave. He said that his brothers no longer lived there, but refused to tell them where they now lived or provide mobile numbers. He even tore up the notice that the police had stuck on the door. The team then decided to check to see if the duo were hiding inside the house,\" said a Naranpura police official.Vankar instructed the team to check all rooms of the house. As four constables entered and looked for the accused, Nilesh shut the door behind them and locked the room. He also threw the key away as Vankar tried to grab him. Vankar immediately informed the police station and control room about the situation and held on to Nilesh.\"A second team arrived after a while. They then found the key and opened the door. Nilesh was caught for his act and booked for causing hurt and preventing a public servant from doing his duty. Nilesh is a first-time offender,\" said Vankar.This is the second incident of police party in search of criminals being roughed up this month. On July 16, five policemen were beaten up by two brothers in Madhavpura when they went to arrest the duo for creating a ruckus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299413", "title": "India to draw Pak attention to J&K; tunnel", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will soon take up the uncovering of a cross-border tunnel in Samba sector of Jammu and Kashmir with higher authorities in Pakistan. Though the BSF lodged a strong protest with its Pakistani counterpart at a flag meeting on Tuesday, the matter would be escalated via diplomatic channel with details of the findings.\"It is a matter of concern. It is being discussed at the highest levels between ministry of home affairs, ministry of defence and ministry of external affairs. An appropriate response, an appropriate way will be found to take it up with Pakistan,\" home minister P Chidambaram said.Complimenting the security forces for the detection, he said a similar tunnel was found sometime ago along the border.The BSF had on July 28 detected the 400-meter-long tunnel after an area caved-in in a straight line at some places due to rains near fencing along the International Border (IB).The tunnel had been dug up between two sides along the IB on India's Chillayari border outpost (BoP) and Pakistan's Lumberiyal BoP. It is believed that the tunnel was dug up for infiltration and smuggling. The area had also seen such tunnels during peak of militancy in Jammu and Kashmir.The tunnel, having 3x3 ft dimension, was detected at a depth of 25 ft below the ground level. The tunnel is equipped with a two-inch pipe for air supply.The BSF, which raised the issue with Pakistan Rangers and handed over a strong protest note with pictorial evidence at a flag meeting at Octroi BoP along the IB in R S Pura sector of Jammu on Tuesday, has also sought help from the Army, the Geological Survey of India, the ISRO and other allied agencies for uncovering the remaining portion of the tunnel.\"These agencies will conduct further digging to find out the extension and opening of the tunnel,\" said an official here, adding the ISRO would also help these agencies with satellite imagery.He said that the border guarding force and other security agencies, including state police, had been asked to look for any other such tunnel, if any, along the border.Villagers have also been alerted. They have been asked to inform the BSF or local police if they come across any similar ground construction in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301170", "title": "Colleges, Nagpur University blame each other in MCA row", "text": "NAGPUR: The war of words between Nagpur University and colleges offering MCA course is getting ugly with both sides blaming each other and innocent students suffering ultimately. While NU blamed colleges for admitting 'ineligible' students, the colleges blamed NU authorities for still following archaic laws.NU had written to all 19 colleges offering this course asking them to give a list of all candidates directly admitted to second year after completing their Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;). The colleges include Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni, Kamla Nehru, Priyadarshini and Datta Meghe Institute.\"We asked them to check eligibility criteria and submit report in three days,\" controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane said. However, dean of admissions at Ramdeobaba College T Singh, blamed NU for not updating their Ordinance even after AICTE and Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) changed the criteria. He admitted that four students from their college were found 'ineligible' after NU informed them of Ordinance No 16 of 2009 that mentions that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation for securing admission.\"Since last year, DTE has lowered the basic criteria of MBA and MCA courses to 45%. Accordingly, we provided admissions to those students. NU's Ordinance is of 2009 and they failed to incorporate these changes. Now who should be blamed,\" Singh asked. He added that they had taken enough care of all students and took undertaking from them that their admission will be provisional and subject to rules and regulations as directed by the university.\"Frankly, we were not aware of their fact and had spoken with Kane and also Management Council member Baban Taywade explaining our stand. All colleges can't commit same mistake of admitting such students. Though we have to abide by NU rules, we haven't done anything wrong as fault lies with NU,\" he said.Tthe aggrieved students had met vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Friday along with city Congress chief Jaiprakash Gupta after NU informed them of cancelling admissions. They took admissions in MCA second year after completing PGDCS&A; as the colleges misguided them claiming that they require only first class marks in this diploma for pursuing the course. They had even deposited fees in excess of Rs66,000 and started attending regular classes since last three weeks.Many students 'ineligible' under NU ordinance had even completed their course and were working at reputable companies, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15308394", "title": "Army chief meets Rajasthan CM", "text": "JAIPUR: Army chief General Bikram Singh, who was in the state capital for a two-day visit to the South- Western Command, on Wednesday met Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot at his official residence.During the meeting, Singh and Gehlot talked on issues pertaining to civil-military relations and also discussed mutual assistance programmes towards development projects and human resources progression in the region.They also discussed enhanced incentives for awardees, besides establishment of Rajasthan ex-serviceman corporation and provision of land and monetary grant for welfare schemes of the army.The army chief thanked the chief minister for various initiatives taken by the Rajasthan government for welfare of ex-servicemen and 'Veer Naris', an army spokesperson said.Singh, along with his wife and Central Family Welfare Organisation (CFWO) president Bubbles Singh, thereafter left for Bathinda to visit the Chetak Corps, before returning to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15299555", "title": "Migrant workers battle fuel crisis", "text": "BHARUCH: For a large number of migrant workers engaged in construction and fabrication activities at Dahej, basic amenities like water, fuel, sanitation, etc. have become a challenge. Over 15,000 migrant labourers working to set up industrial plants are facing problems with regard to their daily needs.Their temporary shelters have been built at a distant location. Project contractors transport them to the plant sites and back. Ravikant Shinde of A M Construction, Mumbai, said, \"It is big problem to provide them fuel to cook their food. Kerosene is not on free sale here and hence not available. Diesel is the only option left with us. Compared to kerosene, diesel is more flammable and therefore many workers suffer burns while cooking food in the colony.\"Bhimsen Tiwari, manager at one of the leading fabrication company, said, \"Fuel is a core issue to migrant workers. However, no attention is being paid to this by the state government which propagates Vibrant Gujarat in a big way. How can anyone work without this basic requirement?\"He said, \"The state government should allocate special temporary quota of kerosene for migrant workers. Nobody can live without food. Non-availability of kerosene will force them to cut trees to cook their food. This is a big national loss.\"District officials said the state government does not have any special quota policy for contractual workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303339", "title": "Light beams in Chandigarh\u2019s south first", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Some areas of the city had to wait longer for restoration of power supply even after the northern grid was revived on Tuesday. The UT electricity department took the plea that the city draws power from different sources and this resulted in delay in restoring supply in a large part of Chandigarh.Power supply was first restored from Ambala circuit at 3.15pm. This was followed by power supply being restored in southern sectors at 4.30pm from the Mohali sub-station and finally, power supply from Kishangarh was restored at 5pm. However, some areas like Sector 45 had to go without power even after this due to local faults.The city receives power from three sources -- 5% from Bhakra Beas Management Board's Dhulkote plant in Ambala, 47% from Punjab State Power Corporation Limited ( PSPCL) in Mohali and 48% from Kishangarh and each restored power on different time bands after the breakdown at 1.08pm.Unlike what seems to have become the norm, wherein southern sectors remain in the dark for longer due to local power snags, this time power was restored first in the city's south and then in the northern sectors as they receive power from Kishangarh sub-station.UT superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"Whenever there is a grid failure, bringing it back to normal takes a minimum of six hours as thousands of generators are involved. On Tuesday even eastern and north-eastern grids failed because of which many other states fell under the dark spell.\"Asked if UT was also a defaulter, Singh said, \"We draw very little electricity as compared to other states like Delhi, Punjab and Haryana, so the chances of our being defaulters is very less. Moreover, we are cautious of drawing power.\"With temperature of late hovering around 30 degrees Celsius, power demand has come down to 260MW.\"The power situation will get better only when the monsoon rains will hit with full intensity,\" said another official from the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15301853", "title": "CPM corporator's remark leads to pandemonium", "text": "MANGALORE: CPM corporator Jayanthi Shetty's remark on the attackers of revellers and her refusal to withdraw it led to an uproar at the monthly meeting of the corporation council here on Tuesday. The pandemonium forced mayor Gulzaar Banu to postpone the meeting.As the House met and the mayor ratified proceedings of the four standing committees, chief whip of the ruling BJP moved resolutions hailing the election of Pranab Mukherjee as the 13th President of India, and election of K Monappa Bhandary, former BJP corporator, as MLC.Referring to Saturday's incident, M Shankar Bhat, former mayor, sought to know from the mayor if the place where the revellers were attacked had obtained permission from MCC to operate commercially. BJP and Congress members then condemned the incident and demanded strict punishment for the perpetrators.At this juncture, condemning the incident, Jayanthi said the act is the handiwork of 'Sangh Parivar' goons. This riled BJP members, who were on their feet seeking Jayanthi's apology and trooping into the well of the council demanding that the mayor seek clarification from the member and her apology. With Jayanthi not relenting, and BJP members being equally adamant, the mayor adjourned the meeting.A meeting of of BJP and Congress corporators with Jayanthi in the mayor's presence to resolve the impasse yielded no result. When the meeting resumed and the mayor directed Jayanthi to clarify her remark, she stood by her observation and refused to withdraw the comment or apologise asserting that her remarks were not targeted at the BJP corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299732", "title": "'Ranthambore National Park tigers will not be endangered by tourist entry'", "text": "JAIPUR: The newly formed Ranthambore Tiger and Tourism Protection Committee has assured that tigers will not be endangered in any way by allowing entry of tourists to the core areas of the Ranthambore National Park (RNP).Continuing its demand to allow entry to the core areas of RNP, the protection committee went on its agitation for fourth day as well.Earlier forest minister Bina Kak, at a meeting in the city on Sunday, had appreciated the efforts put in by the committee for assuring to represent the feelings and the mood of the tourism-related trade and the local populace of Ranthambore to the Supreme Court.On Monday, hoteliers from around the park demonstrated and said the efforts of the protection committee were in favour of the local public. Honorary wildlife warden Balendu Singh said due to tourism in RNP, there has been continuous growth in the number of tigers. It has also led to rise in the development of the area resulting in the betterment of the tigers.Municipal councilor Nadesh Mohammad said a majority of the hoteliers, vehicle owners, drivers and guides, are locals of the area. He further informed that through tourism the district office earns revenue of Rs 5 crore to Rs 7 crore. Tourism has not only led to the development of the district but has also played an important role in getting its present identity, the councilor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303471", "title": "PEC session beings with a bang", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst colourful dances, skits, intellectual speeches and awareness talks by various clubs at PEC University of Technology, the new academic session commenced on a high note on Tuesday.This was the annual orientation programme conducted for the newly-admitted students in order to acquaint them to the institute. The event commenced in the auditorium with the lamp-lighting ceremony by PEC director Manoj Datta followed by melodic ''Saraswati vandana'' by Music Club. Datta welcomed students and made them aware of the plethora of opportunities available to them at the institute.Dean academic affairs, Sanjeev Sofat briefed the students regarding rules and regulations of the college and underlined the method of calculating Cumulative Grade Point Average ( CGPA) which students heard with keen interest. Dean student welfare Praveen Kalra told the students regarding various extracurricular activities and scholarship schemes for undergraduate students. In addition to this, the DSW threw light on anti-ragging cell in PEC, emphasizing that ragging is a cognizable offence and is punishable under law.The students then went on a campus tour and also had a department-wise interaction with their respective heads of department (HODs).They were also introduced to various clubs and technical societies by their seniors, inspiring them to enhance their intrapersonal skills. In addition, the students were shown PECFEST and VYOM videos giving them a glimpse of the life ahead. This was followed by colourful events by Music Club, Dramatics Club and a Bhangra performance by Punjabi editorial board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300901", "title": "Insurance agent may have run away: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The case of the \"missing\" insurance company executive, Tarun Sharma, turned murky on Tuesday with the Greater Kailash police transferring the case to New Delhi district.The southeast district police that was investigating the case, however, said Sharma might have left on his own as he owed more than Rs 60 lakh to creditors. A native of Rajasthan, Sharma was last seen outside his Connaught Place office on July 25.\"We informed one of Sharma's maternal uncles residing here about his disappearance after his company complained to us. He is a resident of Greater Kailash. He used to stay there in a rented accommodation with his friends,\" said a senior police officer.\"We have found that no ransom calls were made nor has Sharma's cell phone been switched on even once since he went missing. Under such circumstances, we forwarded the case to Connaught Place police station after a specific complaint was lodged by his own office,'' added the officer.Police said initial questioning of the victim's friends had revealed that Sharma had been under stress for some time.\"It is indeed strange that no one saw the person being kidnapped from CP even when the incident allegedly took place in daytime,'' he added.The New Delhi district police now probing the case, however, refused to speculate, saying they will read the documents before commenting on the case.The victim's maternal uncle, who lodged a separate FIR at the GK police station, said he was informed about the incident not by the police but by the company in which Sharma worked.Police said that they will also look into the detailed call list of the victim to ascertain if there had been foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302279", "title": "Commercial complexes in New Market", "text": "BHOPAL: As the New Market, the shopping hub of Bhopal, gasps for parking space, over 10 commercial complexes in New Market have illegally constructed shops in the basement earmarked for parking. They contribute to chocking the busy roads as visitors are forced to park their vehicles out on the road.As commuters encounter traffic snarls on a regular basis along the road, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has turned a blind eye to the problem. Sounding helpless, BMC officials said that the corporation would need the help of police and district administration to handle the issue.Residents feel that if the basements are used for parking, it will be a great relief to the commuters and reduce parking on roads, making way for the traffic. There are over 10 buildings in this market including Centre Point, Agarwal Plaza, Subhag city centre, City Trade Centre, Rang Mahal tower, Ram Laxmi Palace among the others. These buildings each have at least half a dozen shops in the basement.\"It was mandatory for the commercial complexes to have parking lots in the basement. If these basements are freed for parking, traffic flow here will be smoother,\" Manu Gupta a businessman said.\"The parking space in the market is not sufficient. We do not know when the BMC will construct the multi-level parking. At least the roads will be wider and there will be lots of space for driving if the building owners of the commercial complexes in New market convert their basements into parking lots,\" Kamal Moolchandani, a new market resident said.Interestingly, some of these complexes were constructed, with parking facility in the basement, which was later occupied by shops illegally. \"Some buildings like Rang Mahal tower, Subhag city centre and city trade center have proper slopes indicating that the building was constructed with parking facility in the basement. These were later converted into shops,\" a BMC official pointed out.\"The owners normally secure approval for building permission after mentioning parking spaces in the basement but once they start construction work they build small shops illegally and sell them,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI.\"This issue was raised three years ago when the then urban administration minister called for a survey of such buildings and asked the corporation to take action. However, nothing moved further,\" he added.\" We will need the help of the district administration, police and the traffic police to settle the issue,\" he added.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"We have to check with the building permission. If we find any of these not as per rules, we will take action.\"Municipal authorities said almost 5,000 two and four-wheelers pass through New Market daily. \"Each building can accommodate at least 50 four-wheelers and two-wheelers,\" official sources said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299421", "title": "A gender bias even in kidney transplants", "text": "HYDERABAD: The large number of kidney transplants being undertaken at city hospitals reflect not only the alarming rise in kidney failure cases in Hyderabad but also a social trend rooted in gender inequality. As many as 90% kidney donors trying to save the life of a loved one are women, most of them mothers followed by wives. An estimated 85-90% recipients of these kidneys are men. Men too donate their kidneys but not in as large numbers as women, say doctors.There is a huge demand for kidneys in the city with a waiting list stretching over a few hundreds in each of the transplant centres.At Osmania General Hospital (OGH), 90% of the kidney donors giving a fresh lease of life to their first degree relatives are women and 85-90% recipients happen to be men. If state-run OGH gets patients from the lower income group families, doctors at Hyderabad's biggest corporate hospitals peg the percentage of women donors at 70-80.It turns out that a major chunk of these women donors are mothers. Just last week, a 29-year-old software professional from Hyderabad suffering from renal failure was pulled out from the jaws of death with her 50-year-old mother's kidney at Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences. Doctors say that it was purely an act of love and affection. At Global Hospital, that does 40-50 kidney transplants annually, 50% of the donors are mothers and the rest being wife, sister apart from father and brother.Dr Manisha Sahay, head, nephrology, OGH, says a similar trend is seen in other countries but the numbers in India are significant. \"Fathers often excuse themselves that they have to run the family leaving the mothers to go under the knife,\" says Dr Sahay. She suggests that the healthy trend is when there is a balance between male-female recipients since kidney failure is equally common in males and females. \"Unfortunately, this is not the case in AP,\" rues Sahay. Specialists contend that they have had cases when fathers have donated kidneys to their daughters but these numbers are few and far between. Doctors note that many women in need of kidneys have to be on lifelong dialysis.Dr G Sridhar, chief nephrologist, Global Hospital, says that if the mother is unfit, fathers come forward. \"Both parents can donate. However, they first check the eligibility on mothers. Around 80-90% of the times mothers are eligible. Mothers don't donate out of pressure but sometimes wives might,\" says Dr Sridhar, who has seen three to four cases of husbands donating kidneys to their wives in his career. Doctors note that women too sometimes refuse to accept kidneys from their spouse. In fact, Dr Sridhar recently performed a rare surgery on a 30-year-old woman who received a kidney from her mother-in-law, who did not want her son to donate the organ.'Waiting list same for men and women'Hyderabad: But health experts say that there is more to what meets the eye. Dr Veena Shatrugna, former deputy director, National Institute of Nutrition says when a man is sick, it is assumed that the woman will do the needful. \"If a woman refuses, she will be abandoned and if a wife refuses, she will not be able to live with her husband. On the contrary, husband will be discouraged to donate kidney to the wife,\" says Dr Shatrugna. Experts say that there is social endorsement of the fact that women must come forward at every moment in life. But men, they say, are not expected to do the same. Prof Susie Tharu, who teaches cultural studies at English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) points out at the large asymmetry in the accessibility of sophisticated health care for the two genders.However, Mohan Foundation, an NGO that facilitates cadaver organ transplants maintains that the waiting list for kidneys for both men and women is almost the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302136", "title": "Insured, but jeweller can't recall all details", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after a daring theft of Rs 46.5 lakh in broad daylight from Satellite-Anandnagar road, the police investigators are still struggling to fill in the blanks. Police officials probing the case say that though the stolen goods were fully insured, the shopkeeper is unable to furnish clear details about what exactly was stolen. Police officials now believe that there is more than meets the eye to this case.The investigators have now begun working on CCTV footage recovered from building nearby which might help identify the accused in the case. According to Anandnagar police officials, Mukesh Shah, a resident of Kanchanbhumi Flats in Satellite and owner of Kalapurna Jewellers in Manek Chowk, filed a complaint of theft of over two kilograms of gold ornaments worth Rs 45 lakh and Rs 1.5 lakh in cash. According to Shah's complaint, his nephew and he were at Palak Avenue on Satellite-Anandnagar road at 12.30 pm when a youth approached his scooter and snatched a bag from the hook near the handlebars. The youth then fled the spot along with an accomplice who was on a bike.Investigators said that on questioning Shah, they found that his stock was insured for the full amount with an LIC agent, who is a jeweller known to Shah. Shah however has yet to give a list of the goods stolen as he has given a rough estimate of the number of jewellry articles stolen. \"We have asked him for invoices or purchase bills for the goods stolen,\" said an official.J H Jalu, inspector of Anandnagar police station, said they are investigating the case from all possible angles. \"Dhaval, Shah's nephew, who was accompanying him at the time of incident, lives in a paying-guest accommodation. We have also questioned his roommates to find out if they knew of the transaction. It was not a spur-of-the-moment theft, as the bikers must have followed the duo, and snatched the bag at an opportune moment,\" he said.Police found a video footage showing two youths riding a bike with a bag in hand from a complex some distance from the scene of the theft. The footage has been sent to forensic experts to get some clues in the case. City crime branch officials have also been involved in the case, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15308414", "title": "Food grain exhibition inaugurated at Egmore museum", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 130 food grains including paddy, wheat, millet and pulses varieties are on display at a special free week-long exhibition in the government museum at Egmore. The exhibition was inaugurated by the state minister for agriculture, S Damodaran, on Wednesday.Collected from various countries including Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, China, South Africa and Laos, the grains has been displayed in terms of place of origin, variety and quality.Photographs and slides of areas where extensive cultivation of grains were done is also forms part of the exhibition. The word food grain denotes the food prepared from the starchy grains of the cereal grasses. Grains refer to the small, hard dry seeds. The plants producing the seed grains are called as the grain crops. The cereal grains contain much starch which provides energy. Legumes or pulses have higher protein.Rice is the seed of the monocot plants Oryza sativa (Asian rice) or Oryza glaberrima (African rice). As a cereal grain, it is the most important staple food for a large part of the world's human population, especially in Asia and the West Indies. It is the grain with the second-highest worldwide production, after maize (corn), as per Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) study in 2010. Rice is the most important grain with regard to human nutrition and caloric intake, providing more than one fifth of the calories consumed worldwide by humans.There are many varieties of rice and culinary preferences tend to vary regionally. Rice is first mentioned in the Yajur Veda and then is frequently referred to in Sanskrit texts. Rice is often directly associated with prosperity and fertility; therefore there is the custom of throwing rice at weddings. Rice is the staple food of over half the world's population.Rice seems to have appeared around 1400 BC in southern India after its domestication in the northern plains. Literature review shows that rice bran oil and its active constituents improve blood cholesterol by reducing total plasma cholesterol and triglyceride. Wheat has been cultivated for over 10,000 years and probably originates in the Fertile Crescent, along with other staple crops.Millets, being whole grains release lesser percentage of glucose and over a longer period of time, thus lowering the risk of diabetes. E. coracana the finger millet (Ragi) is originally native to the Ethiopian Highlands and was introduced into India approximately 4,000 years ago. Maize is a grain domesticated by indigenous peoples in Mesoamerica in prehistoric times.\"Each exhibit has lot of information about its origin, cultivated areas and nutritional value. The exhibition highlights the importance of food grains at a time where the gap between demand and supply of essential commodities especially food grains is widening,\" said museum commissioner, SS Jawahar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15303093", "title": "MGM College plans to set up national knowledge network", "text": "INDORE: Students of MGM college will soon get e-library and virtual classroom facilities at their college as the management drew the plan for establishing national knowledge network (NKN) and discussed its technicalities here on Tuesday.In the meeting of the college council held, members discussed the challenges in setting up the network, which is the project of the Central government and aimed at establishing a strong and robust internal Indian network capable of providing secure data exchange besides other facilities.In the statement issued here, it was stated that a room has been identified for the centre. Accordingly, Railtel Corporation will provide the Internet connectivity for the NKN project. Dr Rahul Rokade has been appointed the nodal officer for the centre. Several other instruments will also be installed at the centre with the help of the National Informatics Centre and then connectivity to NKN would be provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299536", "title": "2 more MNS men held for vandalism", "text": "MUMBAI: Two more MNS workers were arrested on Tuesday for the vandalism during a film shoot at Borivali (E) on Sunday.The total number of arrests in the case has gone up to 13. \"We arrested Dahisar residents Manoj Mahabdi, 37, and Samrat Kadam, 28, on Tuesday. They were remanded in police custody till August 1,\" said a police official. Those arrested on Monday were corporator Prakash Darekar, Ravindra More, Pravin Kadam, Vikrant Chougule, Jaywant Jadhav, Bharat Ghanekar, Rajesh Gawde, Harshad Sawant, Jayprakash Godambe, Nitin Gaikwad and Sachin Shirwadkar. Of these, More is the driver of MNS MLA Pravin Darekar. All the accused have been booked for dacoity, unlawful assembly, rioting and damaging property. An innocuous argument over the use of a private road at the Garden Foods and Wafers factory in Borivli (E), which had been given out for the shoot of filmmaker Rohan Sippy's film, led to the incident.Around noon on Sunday, More reportedly tried driving down a private road running through the factory. When he was stopped, More called his aides and they vandalized vehicles belonging to the movie unit's members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300519", "title": "DRDO should focus on areas where it has capacity to deliver: Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India still importing well over 60% of its military hardware and software, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday asked DRDO to concentrate on key strategic and military technology areas to ensure weapon systems are developed without huge time and cost overruns.In the backdrop of crucial projects like the Tejas light combat aircraft running way behind schedule, the PM said, \"The share of the indigenous content in defence procurement continues to be low. We need to take a hard look at the pipeline of our projects and focus our time and material resources on selected areas where we have demonstrated capacity to deliver projects within reasonable time and cost.''Holding there was \"a net deterioration in international strategic and security environment'', \"political uncertainties in our neighbourhood'', turmoil in West Asia and ever-growing terrorism and cyber threats, the PM said the armed forces would be provided the \"wherewithal'' to secure \"our frontiers''.This will, in the long term, help India to build a robust domestic defence industrial base, in both the public and private sectors, to compete with global players in developing state-of-the-art technologies.\"We need to give the industry a boost and quicken the pace of development. The role of DRDO is this is truly critical, given that there are 800 enterprises supporting its projects and programmes,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15299667", "title": "Ponda cops nab 8 for trafficking of snake venom, 1 still at large", "text": "Ponda: The Ponda police on Tuesday busted a gang involved in the trafficking of snake venom and seized 930ml of the poison worth about Rs 1.5 crore. While eight persons have been arrested, the \"key accused\" is still at large.\"The accused have not revealed which snake the poison is from. We are interrogating them about the source of the trade and names of other people involved in the trade,\" North Goa SP Vijay Singh said. Ponda PI Sagar Ekoskar said that they suspect that the gang may have links outside Goa.Briefing mediapersons in Ponda, Singh said the Ponda police are also investigating how many snakes the gang had to hunt to get the venom and what they did with the reptiles after extracting the poison.The accused have been identified as Suhas Naik, 31, a resident of Taleigao; Joseph Gonsalves, 37, a resident of Agasaim; Avinash Naik, 35, a resident of Vasco; Sainath Pagui, 30, a resident of Canacona; Prashant Naik , 30, a resident of Canacona; Shaikh Mohamed Zahiruddin, 42, a resident of Vasco; Francis Oliveira, 52, a resident of Mormugao and Richard Rebello, 23, a resident of Canacona.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said they received information that some persons were involved in the illegal trading of snake venom, and a team headed by PSI Hiru Kavlekar, head constable Savlo Naik, constables Satish Pillai, Rajesh Naik, under his supervision, intercepted an Alto and found Suhas Naik and Gonsalves with two bottles of the poison.A preliminary investigation revealed that the snake venom had been procured from Avinash Naik, Pagui and Prashant Naik. The interrogation of these three led to the arrest of Zahiruddin, Oliveira and Rebello.The Ponda police have registered an offence against the eight accused under Section 9, 44(1)( C ), 49(B) and 52 read with 51 of the Wild life (Protection) Act 1972, Govekar said. The police have also seized the cars used in the crime.Animal Rescue Squad convener Amrut Singh told TOI that they had assisted the Ponda police to trace the gang and added that he suspects that the venom could be used in drug preparation.\"As the trade is illegal, the venom is surely being used to make psychotropic substances. The pharmaceutical business cannot purchase the venom illegally as it needs the necessary procedure and paper work,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15299293", "title": "Railways committee begins investigation", "text": "NELLORE: A day ahead of the scheduled public hearing, commissioner of railway safety (CRS) D K Singh began his investigation into the fire mishap in the Tamil Nadu Express on Tuesday. He reached Nellore along with his team early in the morning and swung into action.Singh inspected the burnt S-11 coach before officially launching his probe. The CRS recorded the statements of the railway station officials and as also those of injured in the mishap.According to sources, many of the injured passengers told the CRS that they had heard loud noises before and during the fire. They said that they had seen smoke and fire emanating from the centre of the bogie and not from one end of the coach as was believed till now. \"We found it very difficult to breathe due to the heavy smoke in the coach. We ran towards the exit door after failing to locate the emergency exit,\" said a passenger, who is recuperating at Jayabharathi Hospital.Some other passengers said that they had experienced burning sensation in their eyes within minutes after the thick smoke began filling the coach, giving an impression that the fire could have been caused due to some deadly chemicals. Commissioner will be available in the railway station in Nellore for next two days for those wanting to depose before him.Sources said Singh will be studying all aspects of the fire, including technical and chemical aspects. He will also check to see if there was any failure from the side of the department before finalizing his report. The CRS is expected to compile his report in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15302394", "title": "Tools show modern man emerged 44,000 years ago", "text": "LONDON: Modern man emerged 44,000 years ago, earlier than archaeologists thought, a new study said.A team of scientists from Britain, South Africa, France, Italy, Norway and the United States carried out a research in Border Cave area in South Africa and gathered evidence which shows tools and ornaments that humans used 44,000 years ago. Tools like wooden digging stick with perforated stones, poison applicator and ornaments made from ostrich eggshell and marine shell dated back to approximately 40,000 years ago, the Daily Mail reported.Most archaeologists believed that the oldest traces of hunter-gatherer San people, earliest known modern human inhabitants of South Africa, dated back to at most 20,000 years.\"The dating and analysis of archaeological material discovered at Border Cave in South Africa has allowed us to demonstrate that many elements of material culture that characterize the lifestyle of San hunter-gatherers were part of the culture and technology of the inhabitants of this site 44,000 years ago,\" senior researcher Dr Lucinda Backwell said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300157", "title": "Tragic mishap claims mother-son duo", "text": "NAGPUR: It was children's education that necessitated Mangala Nikhare, who died along with her 15-year-old son Ashish at Pardi Bazar naka on Tuesday morning, to go out for work in order to bring home some additional income. Mangala was toiling to see her children break into a better mould in life. She was riding pillion on Ashish's cycle.Mangala and Ashish came under the rear wheels of an oil tanker going towards Pardi Naka. Ashish was the youngest of three siblings. He brought mother to the factory every day and picked her up after work. His eldest brother Umesh, 20, is a final year student at Jabalpur. The brothers also had a sister Namrata who too is a first year student of commerce.While family members blamed the illegally plying auto-rickshaws and potholes for the mishap, one of the eyewitnesses claimed that the oil tanker's ignorant driver was the sole one to blame. \"I was attending a customer when a noise attracted my attention on the road in front. The tanker was moving ahead while the mother and son were lying on the road with the cycle beside them,\" said a pan-kiosk owner.\"The tanker's driver was alerted by the passers-by. He sped away instead of stopping,\" said the local trader. He added that most likely a close graze by the tanker from behind made the cyclist lose control with mother occupying the carrier in the rear. The mother-son duo crashed on the road with their cycle.It is learnt that Mangala wanted to go to work in order to supplement her husband Dnyaneshwar's income which came from selling vegetables. She had been working for around last three years at a sweet and snacks making factory at Kalamna. Everyday, Mangala covered these three kilometres between her residence at Antuji Nagar in Bhandewadi and the factory where she worked on Ashish's cycle. Last couple of years, Ashish had been helping mother.A grieving Dnyaneshwar, who lost his wife and son, urged traffic police to take strict action against illegal transportation and parking. \"I blame the illegally plying rickshaws for the loss that shattered my family. A section of the cops are hand-in-gloves with the local six-seater rickshaws and other illegally plying vehicles,\" he said.Dnyaneshwar was selling vegetable in Ganeshpeth locality when a neighbour informed him about the accident. He rushed to the spot. Kalamna police, which had reached the place, shifted the bodies to the Mayo hospital. \"Wife had died on the spot but the son showed some signs of life. He collapsed on way to the hospital,\" said the crestfallen man. He added that accidents were nothing unusual at Pardi Naka where mob had also agitated on a number of occasions protesting the lack of concern of the authorities but his loss underlined the fact that the situation had not changed.Kalamna police have already arrested the driver of the tanker. Accused oil-tanker driver Rajesh Sahare was learnt to be going towards Buti Bori for loading consignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299254", "title": "Chandana\u2019s advice to kids kicks up row", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, primary education and SSA, drew the ire of child rights activists on Tuesday when she urged students studying in government schools to take the initiative in cleaning up their classrooms and toilets. Khan made the statement in her key note address at a meeting conducted by the education department and Unicef on water safety and sanitation.About 70 students from various schools were present at the meeting. Rights activists said that Khan should have understood that the students who take admission in government schools come from poor socio-economic background. \"How can the students be made to work in schools? The state should reprimand the chief secretary for being so thoughtless,\" said Sangeeta Varma of Child Rights Protection Committee, Medak, who participated in the event.Khan later told TOI that she had only advised students to \"take ownership of their schools.\" \"The state government sanctions Rs 500 every month for each school for appointing sweepers. I only said that students should take active part in maintaining hygiene. If they use the toilets, they should pour enough water. Nothing wrong in doing that,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303448", "title": "No electricity, only half the water supply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ill-quipped system of Chandigarh municipal corporation, once again left residents high and dry, as on Tuesday when again northern grid failed, city could get only half the water of total supply from the Kajauli during disruption period. Kajauli water works has low power generator, which can only take the load of two lines out of total four in the absence of power.An engineer of civic body, declining to be named, said, \"The generator system in Kajauli water works is around 50 years old and the this generator can not take the load of all four water pipelines, providing 67MGD drinking water in a day. Therefore, on Tuesday from 12.45pm to 4.35pm, during the power disruption, we could get supply only from two pipelines.\" He added that we tried to give supply water to through reserve water tanks, but it was not sufficient.Sector 15 residents' welfare association president Surinder Sharma said, \"There was no water supply in our area during power cut. This is not the first time, two days back when a sang had hit the northern grid, the entire city had faced acute water shortage.\"Chandigarh Social Welfare Council chairman S S Bhardwaj said, \"We have written to civic body a numbers of time to provide power backup system in all tubewells, so that residents don't have to bear the brunt of power failure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15302465", "title": "Compounds to halt spread of arthritis developed", "text": "Scientists have developed experimental compounds that can block the process that leads to inflammation in the tissue, paving the way for treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases such as arthritis. Researchers from University of Queensland have developed compounds that block the stimulation process in which enzymes, proteases increase the levels of immune cells leading to inflammation.Genetic clue to cancer found: Scientists claim to have successfully devised a faster and cheaper method to uncover genetic changes that cause cancer, which can help develop personalized medicine for treatment of the deadly disease. By studying fruit flies, the study team will be able to distinguish the range of genetic changes that are causally linked to cancer versus those with limited impact on cancer progression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15303293", "title": "'Metro rail costlier than space travel'", "text": "BEIJING: As more cities across world opt for metro rail making it the mainstay of urban transportation, Chinese planners have warned that their construction and maintenance turned out to be costlier than space travel.China has spent about $6.1 billion in the last 20 years on its space programme, but that amount would just be barely enough to build 78 km of subway system, a study of costs of the metro rail system by state-run China Daily said.The average cost of each km of subway works out to about $78 million and the metro rail systems in big cities like Beijing and Shanghai are struggling to maintain it, unable to service vast loans taken for the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299027", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy invited to wedding", "text": "HYDERABAD: Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who is an inmate of the Chanchalguda jail as an under trial in a CBI case, has got an invitation for a wedding. BC leader R Krishnaiah on Tuesday went to the jail and invited him for his daughter's wedding to be held on August 8.Jaganmohan Reddy gets to meet his visitors twice a week, usually on Tuesday and Friday. On these days, his family members - wife Bharati, mother Vijayamma, sister Sharmila and brother-in-law Anil Kumar visit him invariably. Apart from them, some MPs and MLAs are also allowed to visit him.It was not only Jaganmohan Reddy who got a wedding invitation. Krishnaiah also invited former minister Mopidevi Venkatramana and Surya newspaper proprietor Nookarapu Suryaprakash.\"I have come to invite them for my daughter's wedding and I gave them the invitations personally,\" Krishnaiah said.Jaganmohan Reddy and Mopidevi have been denied bail by the court and their remand is being extended by the court every two weeks. Nookarapu is serving a sentence. So attending a wedding is unimaginable for the VIPs but all the same, a wedding invitation brought cheer to the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15300692", "title": "Despite ban, gutka still available in rural Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Sale of gutka is still rampant in rural areas of the district, although the administration has started taking action in curbing its sale in the township here.A team constituted by Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar conducted surprise inspection in more than six shops and godowns of gutka sellers in Chas Market on Monday. Chas SDO Sanjay Singh, who was heading the team, seized gutka of worth Rs 10 lakh from the godowns and burnt them later. The maximum was recovered from Saurabh Store in Chas.However, the news of the raid spread fear among the shopkeepers and vendors here, prompting a sharp fall in the sale of gutka packets in Bokaro township on Tuesday.Some shopkeepers are charging extra from residents.\"The gutka packets have vanished from many shops in Bokaro town. However, I have purchased one packet of gutka for myself from a shop in Sector-III. But the shopkeeper charged me extra,\" said Dheeraj Singh, a businessman.Shashi Bhusan, the president of Sanjeevani, an NGO working to control suicide, has welcomed the government decision to ban the sale of gutka in the state by burning its packets at City Centre Market recently. Ironically, he, too, has purchased gutka packets at higher rates for the demonstration.The fear of the ban writ large on shopkeepers in town. But shops in Gomia, Nawadih, Kasmar and Petarwar blocks are still selling gutka.Suresh Mahto, a youth who resides in Gomia, said despite the ban one could get gutka in many shops here. A shopkeeper in Nawadih said he was selling gutka to clear the stock and got his money back. \" I have decided not to sell gutka in future.\"An administrative official said the effect of ban would be visible in villages in a few days because the wholesalers were being targeted first. \"Once the supply of gutka in the district is curbed, the shopkeepers and vendors will face difficulty in getting it,\" he said.DC Sunil Kumar said he had directed the officials not to spare any shopkeepers found selling gutka either in town or rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15300772", "title": "Rare rumped vultures spotted in Hamirpur", "text": "SHIMLA: At a time when efforts are being made for conservation of endangered vultures by setting up breeding centres, spotting of nearly 100 vultures in Hamripur district comes as a ray of hope for wildlife enthusiasts as these include white rumped vultures, which have become almost extinct.Dwindling vulture population in lower parts of Himachal has been a cause of concern for wildlife officials, while their presence in Kinnaur and Lahaul-Spiti districts had given some solace to them. On July 17, Hamirpur assistant conservator of forest (ACF) Amit Sharma while visiting the forest areas of Bumblu and Humbal in Aghar range spotted seven to eight groups of vultures feeding on dead animal. On close scrutiny, the scavengers were found to be species of Egyptian vultures and white rumped vultures.\"We have instructed the staff to educate people not to throw dead animals near the breeding sights,\" said Amit Sharma. As white rumped vultures are hardly spotted in such a big group these days, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun professor Yadvendra Jhala describes their sighting important for vulture conservation. \"It is an important find as number of white rumped vulture has decreased drastically over the years,\" he said. Jhala said that Egyptian vultures, though spotted commonly, too are endangered as their number has decreased.Indian vultures have nearly vanished because of feeding on dead livestock administered an anti-inflammatory drug called diclofenac that increases the working life of cattle by reducing their joint pain. Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) R K Sood said that since the ban on use of diclofenac drug was imposed, sighting of vultures has increased in the state. According to experts, 99% of India's four crore vultures have died in the last three decades.This is not the first time when vultures have been sighted in such a large group in Himachal Pradesh. In 2009 around 200 bearded variety of the species were sighted in Kibber area of Spiti valley in Lahaul-Spiti district. \"In the Himalayan region, Himalayan Griffons are common as in remote areas people do not administer diclofenac to animals, due to which vultures keep on breeding in their natural habitat,\" Jhala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "after three decades of rapid growth, china's economy stands at a crossroads today, its future direction holding implications for the rest of the world. author martin jacques spoke with sohel sanghani about the challenges china faces, how its rise as a world power still appears strong - and how india should respond", "code": "15297059", "title": "'China is very sensitive to a growing US-India relationship'", "text": "After three decades of rapid growth, China's economy stands at a crossroads today, its future direction holding implications for the rest of the world. Author Martin Jacques spoke with Sohel Sanghani about the challenges China faces, how its rise as a world power still appears strong - and how India should respond:Your new book is titled When China Rules The World - is that an inevitable conclusion?No, it's a figure of speech. I explore China's rise by assessing what sort of power it will be and how it will change the world as it grows richer and stronger.But considering its latest quarterly growth rate dropped to 7.6%, is this rise so assured?The recent slowdown is due to China coming out of a stimulus and the government trying to rein in both inflation and the real estate bubble by reducing liquidity - the long-term prognosis remains positive.What about falling demand in the West and the erosion of China's cost advantage due to its wage rises?Both are valid concerns. The US and EU account for 50% of China's exports. China must boost domestic consumption and sustain investment to keep up growth. Its wage rise in 2010-11 has been around 25% in some areas. This may affect competitiveness. The answer is to gradually move up the value chain instead of persisting with grunt work. This should be possible if Chinese companies build and rely on their own intellectual property - and the number of patents filed in China has been rising rapidly.Could China get caught in a middle-income trap?It's too soon to say. They've been able to sustain a spectacular period for 30 years and the energy that's been released is diffused throughout the country - the boom has lots of legs.But as per capita GDP rises further, growth rates are likely to fall.What will slower growth and fewer jobs mean for China's social contract where currently, people seem willing to trade some rights for prosperity?Well, what'll take the pressure off jobs is the aging and declining population - consequences of the one-child policy. Also, mechanisms to manage unrest do exist. Following a large rebellion in Wukan, the provincial secretary intervened to organise an election, calm people's anger and elect new local officials. Civil unrest in Tibet and elsewhere is due to ethnic reasons, the Tibetans resenting large influxes of Han Chinese, but this has mostly been contained - the real danger is if seve-ral such local uprisings coalesce into one large revolt that catches the government by surprise.Does China see India as a rival?China looms large in India's mind - but the reverse is not true. The fact is, China's economy is still much bigger and growing faster than India's. The events of 1962 continue to rankle with India. China's solved every land border dispute except the one with India - this should be done as soon as possible.India should also look at China and see what it can learn from its success. Greater engagement will be beneficial for both countries while slower growth in China will harm India's exports.How does China view a growing US-India partnership?China is very sensitive to this relationship. If India moves closer to the US and is perceived to be participating in a containment strategy, this will roil China. Perhaps a modern version of Nehruvian non-alignment would be the best course for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299407", "title": "Cops get BJP \u2018proof\u2019 against NCP ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation from the BJP on Tuesday submitted to the Mumbai police 2,600 pages which reportedly support graft allegations against two senior NCP leaders\u2014water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal .The pages, which the BJP claims contain details of bank accounts, balance sheets as well as intra-company transactions used to route black money through a web of companies, were handed over to the economic offences wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police.The party claims the pages detail how benami firms were created, the ministers allegedly abused their positions, made abnormal donations to their own trusts, money was laundered, taxes evaded and funds transferred through Hawala.Additional commissioner of police (EOW) Rajwardhan Sinha told TOI, \"We will decide our future course of action in this matter after a close scrutiny of documentary evidence provided to us.\"The documents were procured under the Right to Information Act by BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya and MLA Devendra Fadnavis, who have threatened to file a public interest litigation (PIL) if the EOW fails to file a chargesheet in the graft case by August 15.\"Enough evidence has been provided to the EOW. There is no reason why it can't file a chargesheet by August 15. If not, we'll file a PIL against Tatkare on August 16 and Bhujbal a month later,\" Fadnavis said. The duo has already approached the anti-corruption bureau with a complaint and the agency has assured a probe against Tatkare and Bhujbal.Tatkare's role has come under the scanner for the reported inflated cost of dam projects handled by the irrigation department. The state water resources department also came under scrutiny after TOI's recent expose on highly-inflated costs of irrigation projects.Bhujbal has been facing heat over allegations that he and his family members had benefited from contracting work at Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. He had threatened to take his detractors to court if they continued to attack him without any documentary evidence. \"I have all the documentary evidence and dare anyone to challenge these papers in court,\" said Somaiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300867", "title": "6 workers injured as stage collapses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even before Baba Ramdev's agitations began at Ramlila Maidan, there was a glitch at the venue when at least six labourers building the makeshift stage and the temporary shelters were injured.The workers, camping at the site since July 25, got injured when an iron structure \u2014 made to prepare a dais for yoga guru Ramdev \u2014 collapsed, police said on Tuesday. The accident took place around 10.30pm on Monday and they were taken to Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Hospital.\"Two of them sustained leg fractures, while the other four received minor injuries and were discharged after first aid,\" said a police officer. When contacted, additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav said, \"We are investigating the case. If the organizers are found at fault, then a case will be registered,'' he said.\"We were putting up the main dais and five of us climbed to the top while the other five stayed on the ground. Suddenly the pillar came down, injuring six. Police was informed and they took us to the hospital,'' said one of the victims.Vrindawan Bharadwaj, a contractor is being investigated, a cop said. Police maintains that they have \"unofficially'' asked the organizers about the approximate number of supporters that are expected during the agitation days and those who plan to stay back at Ramlila Maidan.\"Independence Day is around and security will be on top of our agenda. We will request Ramdev supporters to abide by the guidelines,'' said an officer.\"People are eager for August 9. Over 25,000 to 30,000 people have registered to participate in the agitation while lakhs would be joining from adjoining states like Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarkhand,\" a volunteer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15300996", "title": "Weak phase of monsoon likely to continue in state", "text": "KOCHI: It is still not good news from the skies. The southwest monsoon is expected to continue its weaker phase leaving several states across the country high and dry till August 15 at least.According to meteorologists, there have been too many breaks in the monsoon life cycle leading to deficiency in rainfall across the country.\"If a normal monsoon has three active-break cycles, this time the Southwest monsoon had more break cycles, which means the intensity is coming down. The first active break lifecycle from July 5-15 was disappointing; we had hoped that the second phase from July 15-30 would be different. But it has been drier,\" said senior meteorologist P V Joseph.\"There has been a break in monsoon conditions over the Indian subcontinent during most of the days of July except for a few days, when we had active monsoon conditions. In fact, after the delay of the onset by four days, the progress or advance of the northern limit of the monsoon has been sluggish,\" said M R Ramesh Kumar, senior scientist, National Institute of Oceanography, Goa (NIO).He said that so far no monsoon depression had formed over the Bay of Bengal during this season. \"It is these depressions which give copious amounts of rainfall for the central and northern parts of Indian subcontinent\", he said. Ramesh Kumar opined that it was quite difficult to make up this deficit in the coming two months, ie, August and September.Kerala received almost 37% less rain upto July 18, that is one and half month since the onset of southwest monsoon was declared. Wayanad received scanty rainfall with a deficiency of almost 68% with Pathnamthitta, Thiruvananthapuram and Alappuzha following closely behind.Kerala received almost 37% less rain upto July 18, that is one and half month since the onset of southwest monsoon was declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301699", "title": "Rainbow raga to orchestrate sunshine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Noted Amdavadi artist Bhanu Shah's recent exhibition at New Zealand was different from all his earlier ones. After having held more than 36 solo and group exhibitions globally, Shah decided to donate 25 paintings from his recent 'Raga' series for Child Cancer Foundation in Auckland. To felicitate and continue his cause, city's Marvel Art Gallery will house the series as a permanent exhibition from July 30.\"The seed for such philanthropic activity was sowed by Dhanvi Shah. He had previously raised funds with the help of an exhibition - which included my paintings too - for the cause of cancer patients. Since I, too, had lost my father to cancer, I decided to follow his example,\" says Shah, who now plans to extend his charity works in his hometown. \"I have always believed that art should spread joy.\"Titled 'Raga of the Rainbow', the exhibition draws parallel to the tonal similarities in music and rainbow. \"Rainbow is one of the most beautiful geometric abstractions of nature,\" says Shah, a lover of abstract art. \"Since the past three-and-a-half years I am abstracting music in my paintings. The variations of tone and movement of colour are inspired from Pt Ajay Chakraborty's music.\" From his palette of bright transparent hues, he creates works, which though subtle , have a visually intriguing tactile quality.Painting is also a journey into the unknown for Shah. \"Often when I begin a painting I do not know the outcome. I believe that I only hold the reigns of the colour and let them take their course, emerging from an unconscious state of my mind,\" says Shah, who does not use brush, rather prefers painting with his hands and cotton cloth.The exhibition was held at Lumley Centre, Auckland, early last month and was well appreciated by critics, as well as, the media. Shah's benevolent donation of paintings valued at 1,50,000 New Zealand Dollars, approximately Rs 66 lakhs, was much applauded. \"While I was in New Zealand, Dr Vipul Upadhyay helped me organize the exhibition and the charity event. I plan to spend my retirement years working for charity,\" says the 78-year-old artist, who is also a world-renowned kite collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308451", "title": "Monica is coming back with Sirphire", "text": "Monica Bedi is making a comeback to the silver screens after a very long gap. She was last seen in Jodi No 1 with Govinda and Sanjay Dutt.She is making a comeback through a Punabi film, Sirphire produced by Gurpreet Singh Siddhu and directed by Harjeet Singh Ricky.Monica Bedi's character is named Simran in the film.This film is a romantic comedy.Monica is paired opposite Priyanshu Chatterjee in Sirphire .This film is also a launch pad for punjabi singer Preet Harpal who is also making his acting debut in the film. Music of the film is given by Jatinder Shah.The film is shot entirely in Punjab and songs are shot in Mumbai.Monica is happy with the role and comeback as this film has four songs picturised on her.In one of the songs she will be seen in 60s look. Monica Bedi is very excited for her role.The cast is busy promoting their film all over the country these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15299602", "title": "Sufi followers welcomes UP govt's decision to name varisity after Chisti", "text": "AJMER: Khadims and followers of Sufism welcomed the UP cabinet decision of changing the name of Kanshi Ram Urdu, Arabic, and Persian University to Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti University.Welcoming the decision, the followers and the khadims said one of the efforts of Khawaja Moinuddin Chishty was to spread education and university with the name of Khwaja will certainly give emphasis on his teachings and spread the message of harmony.Sayeed Waheed Hussein, secretary of Anjuman committee of dargah, said the decision will help in spreading the teaching of the Sufi saint. Former secretary and hereditary khadim Sayeed Sarwar Chishty congratulated chief minister Akhelsh Yadav and said the decision will spread the message that teaching of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti is contemporary and required to spread for harmony and brotherhood.Members of Anjuman Maulana Musveer Chisti said names of institutions with Khwaja will certainly inspire students towards his teachings. \"It is a bold step of the UP government and it should not be taken as a symbol of caste or religion but an honour. The university with name of a great Sufi saint will help students for research in Sufi education,\" said Mahmood Chishty, former secretary of Anjuman committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300803", "title": "Outfit moves court against Bhubaneswar Development Authority", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Kalinga Sena has filed a case in the court of the sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM), Bhubaneswar, seeking action against people involved in the alleged financial irregularities in a housing scheme of the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA).Sena moved the court after the Kharevela Nagar police here allegedly hesitated to register cases against the errant BDA officers. On July 19, the Sena had lodged a complaint against some BDA staff, including BDA's former vice-chairman Deoranjan Kumar Singh blaming them for the alleged scam. But no case was registered. \"I have prayed the court to direct the Kharavela Nagar police to register cases against the accused and arrest them,\" Sena president Hemant Rath told TOI.Accountants General (AG) of Odisha had stumbled upon misappropriation of funds to the tune of Rs 11.6 lakh and Rs 1.07 lakh in the allotment for Jatni Housing Scheme and approval of building plans between 2008 and 2011.It was alleged that some BDA employees allegedly forged bank receipts for around Rs 11.6 lakh to record money deposited by 17 beneficiaries of the schemes, while in reality, the amounts were never deposited. Part of this amount, they allegedly accepted as bribe against clearing applications. Likewise, the accused helped 45 people to get their building plans approved fraudulently. The AG found that the accused collected nominal amounts for approval of building plans and inflated the amount in its record, leading to a misappropriation of around Rs 1.07 lakh.Singh, who was transferred from BDA a few days ago, had earlier rubbished the involvement of higher-level officers in the scam. \"Vigilance is inquiring into the matter. We have collected part of the dues from the allottees and issued notices to others, whose installments were found to be forged. If they do not pay the balance money their houses will be cancelled,\" Singh said. \"Action would be taken against the errant BDA staff as well,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15300069", "title": "When bus fails to ply some govt schools have holiday", "text": "PANAJI: Neglect of government schools stuck out like a sore thumb at a meeting held at the directorate of education of 48 high schools, including 25 that registered low pass percentages at the Class X exams. School heads told education department officials they are denied facilities like free buses and telephones, which are provided to aided schools.The meeting, with education director D P Dwivedi, was to discuss measures to improve results in government schools but the director and senior directorate of education officials were faced with a litany of complaints from government school heads over poor school conditions which they said hampered students' progress.\"Some headmasters said they are holding charge of more than one secondary school which are located at quite a distance from each another. They said they were unable to provide attention to both schools and that supervision of teachers and quality of education suffered as a result,\" a senior official said.Headmasters pointed out that free buses to transport students were provided to aided schools by the government while students of rural government schools were denied the facility though some government schools were located in areas that rely on a single bus plying on the route.\"Government school headmasters said the bus service was so erratic that students didn't make it to school at times and, in some rural schools where only one bus plies on the route, the school remains shut on some days since students and teachers do not reach, if the bus fails to ply,\" the official said.Education officials assured the school heads that the government will be asked to provide basic infrastructure to government high schools at least on par with that made available to aided schools.DoE officials also told the headmasters that an order for appointment of lecture basis teachers has been issued and that teachers can be appointed with DoE's approval.From p1\"School heads have been asked to maintain a personal rapport with students in Class X and ensure that remedial classes are conducted. Some headmasters narrated how they prepared model test papers and held periodical tests, which improved the results. The schools were asked to follow such best practices,\" the source said.It was decided that education officials would carry out special inspections of government schools to monitor the progress in learning and that inspection reports would be emailed to the director.\"It was agreed that school heads and education officials would meet every two months to discuss measures taken by schools to attain cent per cent results. Headmasters were also asked to ensure that teachers are punctual in attending classes. The aim is to achieve 100% results in government schools,\" the source said.DoE will send a proposal to the government to reward state schools that secure 100% results in Class X in 2012-13. It was made clear to headmasters that some punishment would be imposed for poor results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300027", "title": "Colleges rake it in on last day too", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the government talked tough to private professional colleges, nothing has changed. Not even warnings from the Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA), All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) against charging additional fees.Private colleges made the process difficult for students and parents even on Tuesday, the last day for students to report to colleges. Extra amounts were openly charged under several categories.Private institutions were still found quoting random amounts to be paid as admission or documentation fee, when TOI reached out to these colleges to get the real picture. \"If you need a seat at the Dayananda Sagar Institutions, you have to pay Rs 20,665 per year, apart from the amount you have paid at the KEA helpline centre during the counselling process. This is our tuition fee and is not linked to the KEA fee,\" informed an official at Dayananda Sagar Institutions.The situation was more or less the same at other colleges. According to Aakash SC, a student who opted for BMS College of Engineering, a student is charged Rs 17,000 for admission. \"I paid up Rs 17,000 and they said the amount is for other facilities and not included under the tuition fee. The amount is paid by all students who took admission in BMSCE. We were not informed that the colleges are not supposed to charge anything over and above the amount paid to KEA,\" said Aakash.Similarly, the price students are paying to grab a seat at PESIT is Rs 10,000. Private colleges in other parts of Karnataka are also demanding money over and above the amount students have paid at KEA. Surprisingly, parents are not ready to raise their voice against it.Colleges in Mysore have reportedly collected more than the stipulated fee from the students, in some cases almost three-fold, as 'other category' or 'college fee'. The college authorities reason that they can't run the institutes if they collect only the college fee. Moreover, engineering colleges are likely to register their protest against the government move for fixing a low amount as the course fee.(With inputs by Lawrence Milton)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kidwai nagar", "code": "15303639", "title": "Their healthy way to observe \u2018roza\u2019", "text": "KIDWAI NAGAR: To keep a 'roza' during Ramzan is an act of patience and righteousness and to not consume water between sehri and iftaar is just one norm of the many associated with the holy month. In order to keep themselves hydrated throughout the day, Muhammad Zaffar and his wife Azmat Shaheen take milk, 'dalia' and bananas during sehri, avoiding anything that includes salt.\"The weather these days is very humid and body loses a lot of water as sweat,\" says Zaffar.The couple usually has guests over for iftar as their children stay out of town.A garment factory owner, Zaffar says, \"We avoid anything salty at sehri so that we don't feel thirsty throughout the day. Our menu at iftaar includes 'sherbet' and fruits, after we break fast with dates, so that we rehydrate soon. Other items include 'pakodas', 'dhokla' and sweets.\"Their children Nikhat Afreen and Muhammad Rizwan are both away from their parents. While Nikhat works with an MNC, Rizwan is studying at Delhi University . So, Zaffar and Azmat invite guests home for iftaar.\"We get company for iftaar and earn blessings too,\" says Azmat.On Tuesday, the guests at Zaffar's residence included his friend Ishtiyaq Ahmed, who came along with his father Abdul Aziz, wife Shaista Ahmed and children \u2014 Ali Ahmed, Abdul Ghani and Wali Ahmed.Zaffar came to Ludhiana from Bihar in 1979. \"After iftaar, we offer maghrib (evening) prayers and have dinner after isha (Late evening) prayers. The dinner menu generally includes non-vegetarian food as we need lot of energy during these fasts,\" says Zaffar.Talking about their dinner menu, Azmat elaborates, \"Since I am from Mumbai and he is from Bihar, I include my favourite \u2014 'dhokla'\u2014 in the menu, apart from the other common dishes, like 'mutton korma', 'chicken biryani'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300521", "title": "Flood survival system is operational", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has made operational its 'flood survival system', under which it has installed 18 web cameras to monitor waterlogging in main areas of the city. Seven more such cameras will be installed soon.In a statement released on Tuesday, the PMC said a central system at its headquarters in Shivajinagar will monitor the network. Also, flood-monitoring systems have been set up at several ward offices.The cameras have been installed in Kothrud, Tilak Road, Sangamwadi, Alka theatre and Aundh areas. They are connected to the disaster management cell, ward offices and zonal commissioner offices, where civic officials will monitor them 24 hours a day. Rescue teams will be rushed to trouble spots as soon as the need arises.Last year's heavy showers laid bare the civic body's claim of monsoon-readiness. Heavy showers for an hour had led to severe waterlogging, uprooting of trees and traffic jams. Cases of flooding and wall collapse were reported from various parts. The basements of several housing societies were filled with water and vehicles were damaged.Following the chaos, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had initiated a plan of installing the cameras. The PMC had identified 50 places which were prone to waterlogging.Meanwhile, the PMC has appealed to citizens to cooperate with it and vacate areas which are prone to flooding. \"Precaution should be taken while travelling on the roads as open manholes could lead to accidents. People should stay away from electricity poles and wires to avoid electrocution,\" the statement said.The PMC has started a 24-hour flood control room. Citizens may contact: 25501130 to give information regarding floods and other emergencies.Information regarding short circuits and uprooting of trees may be given to the fire brigade department on: 101 or 25501144.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15300233", "title": "Traffic on Maharashtra-Madhya Pradesh border hit as Bagh in spate", "text": "GONDIA: Hundreds of vehicles from Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh were stranded on both sides of Ragegaon bridge as water of Bagh river was flowing five metres above the danger mark on Tuesday. The bridge in Balaghat district that divides Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra was closed for traffic after the incessant rains for the last three days raised the water level.Normal life was thrown out of gear while low-lying areas were submerged in water. After a prolonged delay, monsoon became active to the extent that 480.8mm rainfall was recorded till date. This led to many villages surrounding Gondia getting submerged.With the possibility of cyclonic conditions developing over the Bay of Bengal and low pressure area in the eastern parts of the country, heavy rainfall is forecast in the next 48 hours. An alert has been sounded in villages on the banks of rivers. Students have been directed not to venture into gushing water. The administration has also asked the disaster management teams to be ready to tackle any eventuality.Vainganga level rises: Water level of Vainganga at Bhandara is likely to reach 9 metres due to heavy rains in the catchment area in the river basin in Madhya Pradesh. The water level was 7.2 metres till 12 noon on Tuesday.77mm rainfall was recorded at Kewalari, 84mm at Rajegaon, 39mm at Sitekasa and 48mm at Balaghat. These villages come under the catchment area of Vainganga. 4-7 metres water was released from Sanjay Sarovar which increased the Vainganga level.1.76 cusecs water was released from Gosikhurd dam due to flood-like situation. Sukali-Betala in Mohali taluka was submerged and water was flowing on the road. The district administration has sounded a warning to villages on the bank of the river to remain alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15300112", "title": "Landslide at Malshej Ghat blocks NH 222, throws traffic out of gear", "text": "MUMBAI: Following heavy rain, a landslide at Malshej Ghat blocked National Highway 222 on Tuesday evening, leading to traffic jams. A motorist has also been injured after debris fell on his car.The injured has been admitted to Otur hospital at Ale Phata in Ahmednagar district.The highway connects Kalyan to Ahmednagar, from where motorists can travel to Nashik and Pune. Following the slide, Nashik-bound vehicles from Kalyan were diverted through Kasara. Those headed for Pune from Kalyan were asked to take the Karjat route.According to the Tokawade police, the highway traffic police were the first to learn about it. \"They called us and subsequently, we passed on the information to the Murbad and other police stations on the way to Kalyan, so that vehicles headed for Nashik and Pune could be diverted,\" an official said.Work to remove boulders had to be stopped due to downpour. It will be resumed on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308085", "title": "Rob cancels press meet after Kristen's cheating scandal", "text": "Robert Pattinson has decided he's not ready to face the press in the wake of girlfriend Kristen Stewart's \"momentary indiscretion\" with 'Snow White and the Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders.According to Entertainment Tonight, the 26-year-old actor has canceled an upcoming press appearance in the US for his new film 'Cosmopolis,' Us Magazine reported.The film is set to premiere soon in NYC, but it is unknown if Pattinson will be in attendance.However, a rep for the actor has since told Gossip Cop, \"No confirmed engagements have been canceled. Any reports to the contrary are inaccurate.\"According to reports on Tuesday, Pattinson has been easing his pain after the scandal by partying with friends in his hometown of London .But sources said that the story wasn't true. Instead, Pattinson has been hiding out since the news broke late Tuesday and sources close to the actor said that he is \"really depressed.\"\"Rob is beyond devastated,\" a source said.\"He's so heartbroken. He's shocked she could hurt him and humiliate him this way,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300845", "title": "Rahul talks tough on feuding leaders", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday came down heavily on the feuding Congress leaders in Odisha and asked the state leadership to dismiss those found involved in activities detrimental to the party's interest. PCC president Niranjan Patnaik, who took a 23-member delegation to New Delhi, disclosed this after meeting the Congress general secretary there.\"I know what is happening in the Congress in Odisha. Those weakening the party should be forthwith removed. The removal of a few will not make much difference. We are 27 in the Assembly and would not mind the number falling to 10. But there have to be right kind of people. The party must work from the grassroot-level to rejuvenate it,\" Patnaik quoted Rahul as telling the delegation.The PCC chief said Rahul advised him to take strong action against the 'indisciplined party people'. Asked whether he had identified the moles in the state Congress and how he would deal with them, Patnaik said he is going to be very tough. \"We have certain elements who secretly help the BJD. During the presidential election at least two Congress MLAs voted against the UPA candidate. Similar conduct was noticed during the Rajya Sabha elections when two remained absent and one spoiled his vote. These sorts of activities are bound to send wrong message about the party. It is time such people are removed,\" the PCC president said from New Delhi.The main opposition party Congress in Odisha has been in a moribund condition after Naveen Patnaik appeared in the state's political scene and assumed power. Though Naveen's 12 years of rule is stained with poor governance, corruption and scams, the Congress has hardly been able to make political capital out of it. The party, however, is divided is a precarious situation. Many party leaders blame the Congress high command saying that every time they tried to rake up corruption issue against the Naveen government they were admonished with the hope that the BJD chief might be of use in case there was threat to the coalition government in New Delhi. There are others who feel that the Congress in the state lacks an acceptable leader to command the confidence of people.Sources said a few MLAs during the meeting with Rahul pointed fingers at the PCC president and the leader of opposition in the Assembly, Bhupinder Singh , complaining that they lacked the drive and dynamism to steer the party in the right direction. The PCC president however denied it. \"There was no complaining against me ,\" Patnaik said.Enquiries revealed, Patnaik took the delegation to New Delhi to meet the new President Pranab Mukherjee at the Rashtrapati Bhavan. \"The decision to call on the new president was taken earlier. The meeting with Rahul Gandhi was added to the programme,\" said a Congress functionary adding 'we are planning to meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi and prime minister Manmohan Singh'. Among others Congress working committee (CWC) member in charge of Odisha, Jagdish Tytler , party's Lok Sabha MP Bhakta Charan Das and Hemananda Biswal accompanied the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "rajkot/nadiad", "code": "15302746", "title": "Five years on, no trace of Ambedkar Bhavans", "text": "RAJKOT/NADIAD: Five years ago, Gujarat government announced that every taluka will have a Dr B R Ambedkar Bhavan, a memorial-cum-amenity centre for schedule castes.However, till date, not a single such centre has come up anywhere in the state. This, despite close to Rs 12 crore being sanctioned and disbursed for the same. This was exposed through a Right to Information (RTI) application that was filed by activist Kirit Rathod with the state's social justice and empowerment department.\"I got a reply from the department saying that not a single Ambedkar Bhavan has been constructed so far. These bhavans were to be built in each of 225 talukas from 2007 onwards to provide various facilities for the scheduled castes. While some amount of the money sanctioned has been shown as used there are no details about where it has been put to use,\" said Rathod.He said that the there are several grey areas in the government's reply to his application that needed elaboration. \"After receiving information under the RTI, we met the governor and submitted a memorandum asking her to look into this matter,'' said Rathod.According to details available for the years 2007 to 2011, the work for constructing 45 bhavans was started, but not one of them has been completed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15301059", "title": "Cop who killed senior surrenders", "text": "MADURAI: MADURAI: The constable, who was wanted in connection with the murder of a special sub-inspector of the Surandhai police station in Tirunelveli district, surrendered before the Valliyoor court on Tuesday.On July 26, Shanmugarajan confronted Isakki who was resting in a house near the police station and quarrelled with him. Later, he allegedly stabbed the SSI with a weapon and Isakki who suffered multiple injuries, succumbed at the hospital.A special team was constituted to nab Shanmugarajan, who went into hiding. Police were also posted in the courts in Madurai, Coimbatore, Erode, Salem and Tuticorin under suspicion that he would surrender there.Shanmugarajan surrendered before the judge in the Valliyoor court on Tuesday and he was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15301173", "title": "Students complain of fraud by ITI college", "text": "NAGPUR: A major goof-up by a private Industrial Training Institute (ITI) has cost 24-year-old Ramchandra Kalavde and two others an academic year, leading to a complaint being filed at Kudkeshwar police station. The three students were allegedly given wrong identity cards for the exams twice, which cost them an academic year.Bela resident Kalvade, the only son of a widow, has been struggling for justice since July last year. On getting no help from the college authorities, he complained to the cops on Tuesday afternoon, when this time the institute denied him an identity card and sent him back from the exam.Over 2009-2011, Kalvade completed industrial training as an electrician from a private institute named Navnath ITI at Dighori. A day before the final exam, Kalvade and his two friends, Sumit Sahare and Nilesh Khandekar, both aged 23, were shocked to receive an I-card for the fitter's course instead of the electrician's course, for which they had prepared.The students immediately complained to the director. \"He accepted the mistake and insisted that we appear for the exam. He also assured us that the institute will pass us. A month later, we got the result which said that we had failed,\" said Kalvade.Kalvade and others again complained to the director, who asked them to send their papers for rechecking and promised to get them passed. However, the revaluation results too showed that they had failed.Despite being cheated twice, Kalvade again approached the director in December. This time, the director convinced the three to reappear for the exam, which was held on Tuesday. Kalvade claimed that he was asked to collect the fresh I-cards at around 10am from the examination centre at Rahate Colony Square.However, Kalvade and his friends were sent back without I-cards, and not allowed to appear for the exam. The three tried to contact the institute director but his number has been switched off.Belonging to a poor family, Kalvade has so far spent Rs35,000 on the course. So, he lodged a complaint at Hudkeshwar police station against the institute and director. However, no offence had been registered till reports last came in. Police are still questioning Sahare and Khandekar about the events.Police said they are also trying to trace the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15306305", "title": "It\u2019s \u2018culpable homicide\u2019 in drunk-driving case: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police remained firm about their decision to book courier company manager Lalit Sharma (22) for culpable homicide not amounting to murder under the Indian Penal Code's Section 304 (II). Sharma, who was driving under the influence of alcohol, had mowed down two men at Marolin theweehoursof Monday. The Andheri magistrate court on Monday had suggestedthatthechargebe reducedto Section 304A,for causing death by negligence. Sharma will be produced in court again on August1.Senior MIDC policeofficers informed Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik about their decision on Monday after the court questioned whether the case was fit for Section 304 (II) and whether the police had examined it thoroughly enoughbeforelevying thecharge.In particular, the court asked if the accusedhadcommittedthe crimewith prior intention.The court recommended that the police reconsider their decision and examine whether Section 304A should be applied instead.S L Hujband, MIDC police senior inspector, said, \"Sharma's medicalexamination confirmed that he had consumed alcohol. Sharma, in his statement, confessed that he was drunk and driving at over 110kmphwhen hiscar lostcontrol on reaching the Vijay Nagar flyover in Marol. Himlal Khanal(44) andMeen Bahadur Chhetri (51) were knocked down around 12.20am. Section 304 (II) was also applied in the case of Alistair Pereira when his car knocked down several on Carter Road. This case, too, standson similar grounds.\"Hujband further said that Sharma is an educated professional and knows the consequences of drunk driving, as severalsuchcaseshavebeen reportedin the recent past.Inspector Ashok Kadam, who reached the spot soon after theincident,said the police had collected blood samples and other evidence from the accident spot,which willbe produced at the time of filing the charge sheet. \"The mob got violent after the two,who were cousins, were killed. Chhetri was dragged for some distance while Khanal was thrown off the bridge after being knocked down.\"The victims were returning home from their respective workplaces when the accident took place. \"The car was speeding and due to the impact, Khanal uncle was thrown off the bridge while Chhetri uncle's head got stuck in the windscreen of the car and he was dragged some 50 metres before the car stopped,\" Vikram Thapa,Chhetri's brother's son, told TOI.TRAGEDY AT MAROL LIGHTER AND TIGHTER LAW SECTION304A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC)Causing death by negligence PUNISHMENT | Imprisonment up to two years or fine or bothSECTION 304 (II) of the IPCCulpable homicide not amounting to murderPUNISHMENT | Imprisonment up to 10 years, fine or both; non-bailable Relatives ask for compensationThe sudden deaths of drunk-driving victims Meen Chhetri (51) and Himlal Khanal (44) have left their families in a state of shock.Relatives and close friends of the two, who were cousins, have demanded financial compensation from the accused. \"It will give the bereaved families at least some hope for survival,\" said Atin Mhatre, partner of Chettri's younger brother who runs a restaurant in Marol.Chettri was employed in the kitchen department at the Trident, Nariman Point, while Khanal was with Uncle Chinese restaurant in Marol.Both families live at Sainath Nagar in Marol\u2014some 150 metres from the accident spot.Chhetri and Khanal, fathers of three children each, were the breadwinners of their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15303774", "title": "Child sex ratio takes a turn for better", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is hope for Gujarat's girl child. Five talukas - Unjha, Visnagar, Mansa, Mehsana and Vijapur which had the worst sex ratio of less than 800 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 - have showed marked improvement a decade later.They have all crossed the 800-mark in the 2011 census. Four of these talukas - Unjha, Visnagar, Mehsana and Vijapur - were in Mehsana, the district with lowest sex ratio of 801 in 2001. The ratio of these talukas, which ranged from 742-779 girls per 1,000 boys, have crossed the 800-mark. The most dramatic improvement was in Unjha where the ratio improved from 742 to 809. Visnagar was second best, seeing a rise from 766 to 834.Heartening news also came from tribal talukas of Uchhal, Nizar, Sagbara, Vyara and Dang which had better sex ratios of over 900 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group in 2001. The ratio has jumped over 1,000 here, with Uchhal boasting 1017 girls per 1,000 boys! Mehsana collector Rajkumar Beniwal said the improvement recorded in the worst five talukas is the result of concerted efforts of the administration, NGOs, communities and the media. \"Mehsana was under the scanner for having the lowest sex ratio in the state.\"Social activist Amar Vyas said after the 2001 census exposed the dismal sex ratio in these talukas, parents and youths were counselled.Sociologist Gaurang Jani said, \"Men who had to get brides from tribal communities did not worry whether their child is a boy or a girl. A big section learnt the lesson the hard way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306270", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan does a nautanki", "text": "We get you pictures of Abhishek shootinng a special song for the film at Liberty cinemaRohan Sippy, for the first time, is making a film without his childhood friend Abhishek Bachchan in the lead. But the director had made sure that his lucky mascot was a part of his venture, albeit in a dance number. And thus, on Tuesday afternoon, Jr B was seen shaking a leg with Ayushman Khurana and Kunal Roy Kapoor at Liberty Cinema in Marine Lines shooting for the title track of Rohan's Nautanki Saala .Interestingly, a couple of days before this dance schedule, the entire unit of the film was harassed by a few miscreants attached to a political outfit. In fact, their sets in Kandivali (E) had been demolished and cars broken.But by Tuesday, the unit seemed to have bounced back. Surely, the makers Ramesh and Rohan Sippy have not let the losses hamper the day's shoot. Also, Abhishek's dates had already been fixed. An eyewitness revealed, \"Abhishek called Ayushman \" Nautanki Saala \" in the song. This brought back memories of his father, Amitabh mouthing the same lines in Rohan's father Ramesh Sippy's Sholay.\"Abhishek, who was supposed to shoot for only half a day, stayed on with his friends on the sets till the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300921", "title": "Bhubaneswar kids suffer from hand, foot, mouth disease", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Clinical symptoms of hand, foot and mouth disease (HFMD) have been detected among the children of Bhubaneswar. It has mostly affected children below 14 years of age, according to a new study by Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) and Institute of Medical Science &amp; SUM Hospital (IMS&SH;) published in the e-publication of Indian Journal of Paediatrics' recently.The disease was first reported in Odisha in 2009 though it was reported from Kerala, Maharashtra and West Bengal earlier. The study identified 78 cases in the four months to 31 years age group. All had skin rash while more than 74% patients suffer from fever.The common symptoms were loss of appetite and irritability with rashes distributed on the knees, hands and feet. Buttocks were the most commonly affected sites in over 83% patients followed by knees in 77.5%. There were also lesions on the wrist, ankle and trunk in some patients.The first case in state was that of a 15-month-girl from Rasulgarh identified by the dermatology OPD of IMS&amp;SH.; She had come to the hospital with sore throat, oral ulcers and irritability in 2009. Out of the total 78 patients studies in Bhubaneswar, 16 were from Rasulgarh, 22 from Nayapalli, 15 from Sahib Nagar and 25 from Dumduma. \"The study will help doctors diagnose the disease early,\" said RMRC director S K Kar, adding the large tribal population lacking general hygiene and water sanitation were susceptible to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299500", "title": "Negative image of India: Confederation of Indian Industry", "text": "JAIPUR: With one of the biggest power outages in the history of the world, almost half of India was forced to go about their regular chores without electricity supply for a significant part of the day on Tuesday.\"This is a telling commentary on the situation of the power sector in the country. Losses to business have been in thousands of crores, which pales into insignificance when compared to the difficulty that the people of the country have had to face. Repeated grid failures carry a very negative image of India, when already sentiments about the country are low on account of the current economic situation and related developments,\" CII-Rajasthan said in a statement.The industry body said that as one of the emerging economies of the world, it is imperative that the basic infrastructure requirement should be in good shape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298959", "title": "Hyderabad has 151 unauthorised hoardings", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a startling revelation, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has stumbled on the fact that 151 hoardings belonging to various advertising agencies have come up in the heart of the city without either the knowledge or the clearance of the corporation and evading advertising tax to the tune of several lakh of rupees.As per rules, the GHMC allots one number per hoarding and the ad agency pays the annual advertising tax accordingly. \"However, for the last several years, the agencies have been using one permitted number to install several hoardings. And while they pay the corporation advertising tax for only one hoarding, they are actually making money in crores of rupees through the additional illegal hoardings,\" said an official. Most of the unauthorized hoardings have come up in prime locations like Ameerpet, Khairtabad, Abids, Dilsukhnagar and other city core areas. Officials suspect some staffers of the corporation are hand in glove with the advertising agencies in the scam.The scam came to light recently when the GHMC started allotting a unique Advertising Identification Number (AIN) to each permitted hoarding under its limits. Under the recently evolved system, the advertising agencies should display the AIN number (AIN) on the hoarding along with details like the name of the agency, location and size of the hoardings etc.\"In the old system, the advertising agencies need not display the permitted number on that hoarding. Once we computerized the records and generated one AIN number per hoarding, we found that some agencies have been using one permitted number for all unauthorized hoardings located in different areas and thus avoiding paying the advertising tax to the municipal corporation,\" a senior GHMC official said.GHMC is contemplating action against the agencies which have erected these unauthorised hoardings. \"The corporation will soon lodge a criminal case against the defaulting agencies besides imposing a fine and blacklisting them as per the act,\" GHMC additional commissioner (advt) G D Priya Darshini said on Tuesday. The additional commissioner said a meeting with all advertising agencies will be held soon where it would be made clear to them that within a month, all the permitted hoardings should display the AIN allotted to them.Officials said there are about 2,600 hoardings in the city and the illegal ones could number another 2,000. In the GHMC council meeting held in May 2012, former deputy mayor Jaffer Hussain raised the issue of unauthorized hoardings and even demanded that the city be made 'hoarding free' on the lines of Chennai. While the total advertising tax revenue is Rs 30 crore per annum, the revenue through hoarding amounts to Rs 15 crore per annum. Earlier, several irregularities were identified such as erecting hoarding at prime location when permission was granted for other place, increased size of the hoardings than permitted,irregular advertising tax payments etc.In the council meeting, officials claimed that 419 unauthorised hoardings were removed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302265", "title": "Law abiding day observed", "text": "BHOPAL: Two day events to observe law abiding day 2012 concluded on Tuesday with a candle lighting and signing the pledge wall to spread awareness, practicing and promotion of moral, legal, civic ethics and values, according to a release.The events focused on the theme of respecting senior citizens and value time, save water, save environment and developing civic sense, say no to corruption and drugs, be sympathetic towards under privilege fellow beings, birds and animals, abide by traffic rules and the laws of the land, the activities for the two day event included a cleanliness drive on Monday as well.On Tuesday, collector Nikunj Shrivastava administered the pledge to the students and signed at the wall along with students at a MP Nagar based mall.This was an initiative by Achievers Guild Law Academy in association with PULER and MILAP (NGO of National Law School students, SWANS NGO, Juris Consultus (Law Firm) and iAspire Academy and iAm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15299501", "title": "Powerless and clueless: 684 million Indians without power", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a Terrible Tuesday that 684 million Indians are not going to forget in a hurry. In the world's biggest blackout that affected one-tenth of the global population, 21 states and Union Territories went on the blink after three arterial power lines collapsed at 1 pm.The northern, eastern and north-eastern regions suffered the outage when their respective grids collapsed in quick succession with devastating effect. The blackout disrupted normal life, rail and air services as well as industrial production across sectors.Even as the country was reeling under the outage, power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde was moved out to the home ministry, and Veerappan Moily given the additional charge of power - a move that hardly indicated seriousness on the government's part in dealing with the crisis.Some 300 miners were trapped in coal mines. Two hundred miners were evacuated from mines in Bengal. Efforts were still on till the time of reporting to rescue 65 others stuck in Jharkhand mines.More than 300 trains were affected. Many others are likely to be cancelled. Airports, hospitals and BPOs functioned with their back-up generators. In Delhi, once again commuters had a harrowing time, and a scary one for those who were stuck in the Metro Rail trains that stopped in their tracks several feet above the street or deep inside tunnels. Roads were gridlocked as traffic lights stopped working.In Kolkata, the metro was not hit by the outage, but West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee asked all government offices to shut early and urged the private sector and schools to do the same to protect against commuter chaos in the evening. The Metro was not affected as the city largely remained isolated since power is supplied by a private firm.Tuesday's grid collapse, like Monday's, was triggered at Agra, a major interconnect between the northern, western and eastern grids. On Monday, the Agra relay station had tripped to trigger a blackout. This time too, the station kicked off a domino effect after suspected overdrawal by some states in the eastern grid. Within a fraction of a second of the Agra station tripping, the northern, eastern and the north-eastern grids went down.At the time, the three grids together were carrying some 66,000 MW, 12 times Delhi's demand. The tripping immediately shut down some 14,000 MW of generation capacity of state-run utility NTPC .Who triggered the collapse? Fingers were pointed at Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab for overdrawing power. All three states stoutly denied the charge. PowerGrid chairman A M Nayak could not give a reason for Tuesday's grid collapse. \"I am a technical person and it will be unfair on my part to suggest a reason without fully understanding and analysing the sequence of events that led to the problem.\"He said the complex grid network and the increasing interconnectivity increases the vulnerability of the system. \"It is difficult to point a finger at something quickly in a complex grid. Things happen in milliseconds. We have the data from some 100 critical sub-stations. Only after a proper analysis and reconstruction will we be able to identify the reason.\"Some 5,000 MW in the northern grid was restored by 4pm, or three hours after the outage. The grid was carrying 32,400 MW when it tripped. Similarly, 2,000 MW was restored in the eastern grid (12,000 MW) and 500 MW in the north-eastern grid (1,100 MW).The northern grid was carrying 22,000 MW, or 80% of its load by 7.30pm. The eastern grid carried a load of 4,400 MW, or 40% of its usual load of 12,000 MW. The northeastern grid was operating at near-full capacity of 1,200 MW.But without naming any state, Nayak indirectly pointed that overdrawal could be causing the collapse. \"Some sections (of the grid, an indirect reference to states) are creating problem by overdrawing. The grid system is dynamic and not static. There are several parameters...voltage, frequency etc. These keep changing. Small over or under-drawal will be here and there. I can't say it will stop.\"But Nayak's words did not cut much ice with UP, Punjab and Haryana - the states that had been blamed for tripping the northern grid by overdrawing power on Monday. All three denied the allegation.Times ViewMoving Sushilkumar Shinde out of the power ministry now is like changing the captain of the Titanic when it's reeling after hitting a giant iceberg. The country is in the midst of an unprecedented power crisis. For two days in a row, the grid has collapsed. This doesn't cover Shinde with any glory. Yet he's promoted as home minister. Even if that's ignored, what's pertinent at this point of time is that Shinde is likely to have some clue about the power problem; a new minister - who will be holding additional charge of the portfolio - will possibly have none. So, what does the change indicate? The irrelevance of ministers? Never mind who's in charge, the net result is the same?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15308623", "title": "InMobi acquires Metaflow solutions", "text": "CHENNAI: InMobi, the largest independent mobile advertising network, has announced the acquisition of Metaflow Solutions, mobile app management and distribution solutions firm.Metaflow technology simplifies the global deployment and content management process for developers through its submission tools. \"Our acquisition of Metaflow Solutions will help us to continue to rapidly expand the distribution and monetisation of content for our developers and publisher partners,\" said Naveen Tewari, Founder and CEO at InMobi.The Metaflow team will become a part of InMobi's developer oriented efforts, led by Piyush Shah, VP and GM of Developer Platforms and Performance Advertising at InMobi. \"The global reach and technology backbone provided by InMobi is hugely exciting for us. InMobi provides app developers with even greater opportunities to acquire millions of users and monetise their exciting apps,\" said Charles McLeod, CEO at Metaflow Solutions.The Metaflow Solutions team will relocate to the new InMobi London office. InMobi is the largest independent mobile advertising network.The network is growing and now delivers the unprecedented ability to reach 578 million consumers, in over 165 countries, through billions of ad impressions every single day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300925", "title": "Samajwadi Party calls for central aid to ease monsoon woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha unit of Samajwadi Party has demanded the Centre to take a serious note on the prevailing drought-like situation in 11 districts of the state and include these districts in the central contingency plan. SP state president Rabi Behera in a memorandum submitted to the Union minister of state for agriculture Harish Rawat on Tuesday said that 11 of 30 districts in the state received 21 to 45% deficit rain due to weak south west monsoon.The situation in districts like Balasore, Keonjhar and Deogarh are grim, he added. The situation is also bad in Bhadrak, Bolangir, Nuapada, Bargarh, Gajapati, Jagatsinghpur, Rayagada and Koraput districts. The plight farmers have also multiplied due to artificial scarcity of seeds and fertilizers, the memorandum pointed out.The SJP further demanded a special package of Rs 3,000 crore for the state of around for renovation of lift points and drinking water projects as interim aid. The party also demanded free supply of seeds, fertilizers and pesticides to farmers and exemption of bank loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307922", "title": "Shuttlecock Boys", "text": "CreditsDirector: Hemant Gaba Cast: Aakar Kaushik, Manish Nawani, Alok Kumar &amp; Vijay Prateek Producer: Pankaj Johar, Hemant Gaba, Thakur Dass Banner: Penny Wise Films (P) Limited Cinematographer: Shanti Bhushan Music &amp; Background Score: Avinash Baghel Lyrics: Gaurav Solanki, Manas Mishra &amp; Prachi Singh Editor: James Joseph Valiakulathil Story / Screenplay / Dialogues: Hemant Gaba Costume &amp; Production Design: Prachi Singh Release Date: August 3, 2012SynopsisShuttlecock Boys revolves around the lives, successes and failures of four friends who hail from lower middle class backgrounds in Delhi. Should we accept what life offers to us on a platter or should we try to chase our dreams, taking the path less taken? That's the question our protagonists Gaurav, Manav, Pankaj and Loveleen seek answer to, as they decide to embark upon an eventful journey that will change the course of their lives and careers forever. The one thing that unites these four friends is their common love for badminton. Every evening they meet for a couple of games in their neighborhood joking about their lives and pulling each other's legs. This part of the day is the most pleasant part of their otherwise dreary lives. While playing badminton one such night, they decide to do something on their own. This very attempt becomes their lifeline putting them on a litmus test of determination, courage, luck and spirit of friendship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15302155", "title": "Biker killed in road mishap", "text": "A 25 year old youth Sachin Vishwakarma of Dasakgaon, Nashik Road, was killer after the scooter he rammed his scooter into a parked truck on Aurangabad Road, near Rajasthan Marble.The incident occured on Monday at 3pm. A complaint has been lodged by Akmuddin Shaikh, the truck driver over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15306145", "title": "London 2012 Hockey: Google displays its sixth Olympics doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Wednesday displayed its sixth Olympics doodle dedicated to hockey, India's national game.The London 2012 Hockey doodle depicts a female player in action holding a hockey stick and trying to hit the ball.Google, the search engine giant, has been displaying a new doodle everyday since the opening ceremony of London Olympics 2012 as an endorsement to the sporting extravaganza.The hockey events are scheduled from July 29 to August 11.The opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics doodle depicted 5 athletes playing different sports. The first Olympics doodle featured sports like football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the Games.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15306403", "title": "Marumakan to release on August 18th", "text": "Dileep is an actor who seldom gets tired. After enthralling the audiences and his fans with a scintillating performance a few months back with the successful 'Mayamohini' which was appreciated by the critics and filmy buffs, Dileep is back with a new avatar in his upcoming film Mr. Marumakan which is set to hit the screens on 18th August.The film, directed by Sandhya, has its script penned by popular duo of Siby Thomas and Udhayakrishna. Dileep also won the 'best actor' award from the Govt. of Kerala when the State awards were announced some time back.The shoot of Mr. Marumakan hit some bottlenecks but the director has ensured that the film's shoot was wrapped up as per the original schedule.Khushboo got hurt during the shoot which delayed the proceedings. Jagathy, who was cast in the film, is still in the hospital recuperating and had to be replaced by Baburaj.Sanusha, who has played the child artiste in many films, debuts as heroine in Malayalam with this film opposite Dileep. K. Bhagyaraj, Sheela and Khushboo are the other major artistes in the film.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301908", "title": "Joy waterlogged in eastern parts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city received 16 mm of rain, which began at 6 am - on Tuesday. But the eastern parts of the city became waterlogged even after the modest rainfall.Traffic jams were also reported from all busy traffic junctions - including IIM-A, Vijay Crossroads, and Manav Mandir.The jams were caused by the surge of four-wheelers. \"It rained at the time when people head to their offices and hence many preferred to travel by cars,\" said a traffic policeman.According to the AMC control room, the central and northern parts of the city received 19 mm of rain, while the eastern parts received 17.33 mm. The western and the new western parts received 13.85 mm and 11.60 mm.Five submersible pumps were called in for three societies in eastern Ahmedabad. Two pumps each were deployed in Alok and Jagdish Park societies, while one pump was required at Aarti Society.Officials said that the inflow in the Sabarmati River was 1,510 cusec from the Narmada River, while 950 cusec was released in the Fatehwadi canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300926", "title": "SC faults Odisha for clumsy handling of cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday criticized the Odisha government for paying little attention to the clumsy representation it had in pending cases that had significant importance to the state's revenue and natural resources.The state had gone unrepresented before the apex court in as many as 12 cases, including some related to mining issues, and the court had adjourned hearing to protect public interest though it had the discretion to dismiss them.But, finding that several adjournments did not improve the situation , a bench of Justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Mishra was forced to seek personal presence of the law secretary to explain the \"administrative deficiency\" on the part of his government.\"Non-appearance of your government before us reflects administrative deficiency in the state. We will treat it as misconduct on your part,\" the bench told the secretary, Debabrata Dash.His counsel, senior advocate P P Rao, blamed the earlier standing counsel of the state for the confusion and handed over a sealed cover affidavit detailing his mishandling of cases leading to his removal from the post on April 9.Rao said a resolution was passed on July 12 replacing him by another lawyer in all cases that were handled by him earlier for the state. However, the law department did not receive the case records which resulted in these being not allotted to other lawyers, Rao explained.But the bench questioned the three-month delay (between April and July) and said it amounted to \"dereliction\" on part of the officer concerned. \"At least half a dozen matters have come before us where the state counsel did not appear. We see through the things. I think it is a kind of modus operandi on part of the state government,\" said Justice Mishra.On learning that the secretary was a senior district judge in the Orissa Higher Judicial Service cadre posted in the law department on deputation, the bench wondered how the officer could be so callous in a case related to mining, where \"anybody can raise a finger on his integrity\".\"If he does not know how to handle litigation in the Supreme Court, what will be the position in lower courts,\" the bench noted. \"There is dereliction on your part in not making any lawyer appear. We had to take care of the case as if we are your counsel,\" the bench said before letting him off with a verbal warning on assurance that there would be proper representation for the state in all future hearings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300290", "title": "Now, one square meter of land in Hazratganj to cost Rs 30,000", "text": "LUCKNOW: Land rates in various parts of the state capital are set to increase significantly, as the district administration revised the circle rates on Tuesday evening. On an average, the rates have been increased by 30 % (in comparison to the proposed rates) which boosts commercial rate of properties. Interestingly, the rates of properties in areas around Hazratganj have been increased by 48%, while the rates in Hazratganj market went up by a nominal 20%.Till now, the cost of property in areas of Vikramaditya Marg, Vivekanand Marg, Gulistan Colony, Gautampalli, Banarasi Bagh, Rana Pratap Marg (stretch between canal colony and Ramterth Marg square) was Rs 13,000 per square metre. The new rate for the same area would be Rs 18,000 per square metre. Areas of Bandaria Bagh and Narhi (Saket Palli and Peerpur Square) saw a marginal hike of Rs 2,000 per square metre. Here, the rates went up from Rs 13,000 to Rs 15,000 per square metre.A single square metre of property in Hazratganj would now cost Rs 30,000 against the old rate of Rs 25,000. Cost of property between Clarks Awadh Square and Allahabad Bank Crossing saw a similar increase. However, the rate of property went up significantly in areas of Capper Road/Beni Prasad Halwasia Road, Tej Bahadur Sapru Marg, Nawal Kishore Road, Valmiki Marg and Maqbara Ahmed Ali Shah Road as well. Buyers will have to spend Rs 25,000 per square metre against the old rate of Rs 15,000 per unit.Areas of Raja Todarmal Marg, Lawrence Terrace, La Place Road, Shahnajaf Road and Halwasia Road witnessed a 25% increase while properties along the stretch between Lalbagh Square and Cathedral School Square went up by 35%.Additional district magistrate (finance and revenue), Udayveer Singh Yadav said that the new rates would be effective from August 1. He added that section 4 (2) of the UP Stamp (Valuation of Property) Rules 1997 empowers the DM to revise the rates of property according to the need. As against the tentative schedule of revision every two years, the DM may revise the rates once in two years also. However, he must have a solid and convincing basis for the revision.Rate of property in 18 localities of old city area falling in six different wards namely Kalbe Abid ward, Labour Colony, Sarojani Nagar, Saadatganj, Sheetla Devi and Haiderganj were also revised. However, instead of an increase, these localities saw a fall in the rate of property. In an important decision regarding circle rates, the district administration decided to decrease the cost of property falling under over bridges. The rate would be 20% less than the circle rate in the area.Keeping the rapid pace of urbanisation in mind the officials have decided that rate of property which is 50 metres from agricultural land and being used for residential purposes would increase automatically by 40%. However, if the same property falls in the distance range of 51-200 meters from the agricultural land, then the cost would go up by 30%In yet another significant move, the administration agreed to keep rate of property along link roads higher than that along the roads. Earlier, the proposed rates were same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307935", "title": "Now, sisters too tie each other a rakhi", "text": "Not just brothers, even sisters are now bound by the thread of love.Of all the Raksha Bandhan-special episodes doing the rounds of TV, the one image that's certainly hat ke is from \"Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai\", where Maanvi, one of the lead protagonists of the serial, ties a rakhi to her elder sister on the show, Jeevika. In real life too, Nia, who plays Maanvi, believes rakhis aren't just for brothers. \"A sister, mother, even friends can be just as protective as a brother. It's all in the mind and I completely support the concept espoused by me on the show. In fact, main toh un sab ko rakhi bandhti hoon whom I feel will take care of me, be it my mum, dad, sister or friend,\" says Nia. There are several other real life examples too, of sisters being tied rakhis for the role they play in their siblings' life. Take for instance Nutan Sharma, a professor, who ties a rakhi every year to her elder sister Manjusha. \"After having lost my mother at a very young age, di looked after me and our two other siblings. She didn't marry, so she could take care of us, and got us all settled in life, professionally and personally. There isn't a single doubt that she has been our saviour, and although I do tie rakhis to my younger brothers, the first rakhi is for di,\" says Nutan emotionally.For sisters Akshita and Akarshita Srivastava, both college students, the festival is about bonhomie. \"We have no real brother, just cousins who are rarely with us on Raksha Bandhan. So, we tie rakhis to each other. No particular reason, but it's just to get into the spirit of the festival and to strengthen the bond between us. It was our mother's idea and we gladly followed it,\" says Akshita.Some brothers also don't hesitate to tie a rakhi on their sisters' wrists for looking out for them. Himanshu Misra, a software engineer, credits his success to his sister Poonam and says, \"After we lost our father, Poornima didi stood like a rock and looked after the whole family. Isn't Raksha Bandhan all about acknowledging the person who looks after you? So, I tie a rakhi to didi and she ties rakhi back - it's fun!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303401", "title": "NRI gets slip for car parked at home", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the traffic police has not been able to curb violation of rules on roads effectively in the city, it seems to be getting over zealous when it comes to issuing challans. In an incident that came to light recently, an NRI, much to his consternation found out that his car that had been parked inside his house for around six months had been challaned for wrong parking. The car, an i10 belongs to R N Awasthi of Rajdhani Enclave in Sector 49.According to the challan slip, the car bearing registration number, CH-01AB-1713, was wrongly parked in Industrial Area, Phase-II and a sticker of wrong parking was also slapped on it on May 23.On the same day, a challan slip was issued and sent on Awasthi's address, in whose name the car was registered, even though Awasthi was in the US then.Talking to TOI, Awasthi, who is a retired Reserve Bank of India (RBI) official said, \"I had left for the US in February and returned here only on July 22, which is when I found a challan slip and three reminders from the traffic police from the letter box of my house. Before going to the US, I had put the car keys in a cupboard and there was no one at home in my absence.\" Awasthi also looked for a sticker on his car but did not find any.Most of Awasthi's family is settled abroad. The challan slip against Awasthi was issued under Section 187 of the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 for wrongful parking.Police sources claimed there is possibility that the challaning officer had mistakenly noted down the wrong registration number of wrongly parked vehicle, which turned out to be the number of Awasthi's car.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said, \"In some cases, CCTV recording has been provided as evidence against the traffic violator but in this case there is no CCTV recording of the wrongly parked vehicle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15304059", "title": "Lifts, ACs stop; patients hit", "text": "Tuesday's grid failure paralysed health services at many city hospitals. With lifts not working, seriously ill patients had to be carried on stretchers by the stairs. Suspension of diagnostic services delayed treatment and in-door patients complained about high humidity and suffocation as air conditioning could not be run. Officials, however, maintained that essential services \u2014 OTs, ICU facilities \u2014 remained unaffected.\"For two-and-a-half hours, I have been waiting here to get an x-ray done,\" said Mohammad Irfan, a patient waiting for treatment at the emergency wing of Lok Nayak hospital. He had been brought from Nizamuddin West following severe chest pain. At least a dozen patients waited on the first floor of the casualty wing to get x-ray and other investigations done. Even the lifts were not working so patients had to be moved either on stretchers or bodily by family members.\"I could not carry my mother alone. So I asked the people around to help me take her upstairs for x-ray. After that I had to carry her to the third floor for admission,\" said Abhishek Sheokand, who had come from Baghpat, UP.At Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya in east Delhi, air conditioning services were suspended in the wards during the blackout. Dr KK Kalra, medical superintendent of the hospital, said no surgeries were postponed and ICU facilities worked properly. \"We have two generators and a UPS for backup. It was utilized to maintain the emergency OT and air conditioning at ICU. The wards did not have ICU during power failure,\" he added.AIIMS, Safdarjung and Ram Manohar Lohia hospital were less affected by the power crisis. \"We have a total backup plan. It was pressed into service as soon as the power went off. The centralised AC in the trauma centre was shut down in the beginning but even that was working within two to three hours,\" said the medical superintendent of RML.Anshu Prakash, principal secretary, health, Delhi, said he was monitoring the situation in all state-run hospitals. \"Essential services were successfully managed with the help of generators,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15301850", "title": "Writer Sudarshan Desai dead", "text": "DHARWAD: Detective novelist Sudarshan Desai (67) breathed his last at a private hospital in Dharwad on Tuesday, after a brief illness. He is survived by wife and three daughters.Desai was a primary schoolteacher.Attracted by the Hindi detective literature, he started writing detective novels in Kannada.A majority of his detective serials were published by leading magazine houses. He has authored 85 detective novels and 35 on social themes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15292136", "title": "Get quirky on Raksha Bandhan", "text": "With Raksha Bandhan just a day away, TOI zeroed in on the best picks for this special occasion.Gone are the days when a simple red thread embellished with pearls and beads ruled on this day. With the city buzzing with R-Day shopping, PT discovered an array of rakhis available in the market. Some quirky, some traditional and some oozing with coolness, Puneites are definitely in for some surprises.According to Hitesh Shah, who has been selling rakhis for the last 20 years, shares,\"Today, new trends are evolving by the day. Girls don't mind shelling out extra bucks for this festival. This year, we have come up with zardosi and kundan rakhis which come in the range of ` 60 to 300. They are little expensive as compared to the regular rakhis but with high cost comes great durability.\"While some of the rakhis are prepared in the city, some shopkeepers import them from cities like Surat and Mumbai. Preparation of designs for the rakhis begin well in advance.\"The manufacturing of rakhis for the next season happens one month after the festival,\" shares Shakil Sayyed, a wholesaler. This gives them time to study the market and understand what will trend and will not.While for some the occasion lies in its simplicity, others like to go crazy on the designs. Take a look...Chandan rakhi: These rakhis not only look beautiful but also emit a nice fragrance. They have motifs made with sandalwood. Price: Rs 50-150.Floral Rakhi: Floral designs in rakhis can never go out of style. They complement the traditional values of the festival. They are often made of artificial flowers along with swastik, rudraksha or Om motifs. Price: Rs 40-85Tikka Thali: For girls whose brothers are not in town, there is a special traditional tikka thali. \"These thalis include rakhi threads, rice, coconut and tikka. I have bought one for my brother and I will be sending it through courier,\" says student Hansa Jain. Price: Rs 130-400.Say it with Angry Birds: The latest entrants in the market are the Angry Birds rakhis which are selling like hot cakes. The funny faces will definitely bring a smile on your li'l brother's face. You can also go for the Pokemon, Sinchan, Ben 10 and Doremon rakhis. Price: Rs 45 -150.Handmade rakhi: Satin base and embellished with beads, crystals and precious stones, these handmande rakhis add a personal touch to the occasion. Price: Rs 40- 85.Bhaiya Bhabhi (lumba) rakhi: This rakhi comes in a pair. It is a custom in few communities for the sister to also tie a rakhi to her bhabhi. They mostly come in intricate designs with elaborate kundan work or a peacock motif. Price: Rs 150 - 350.Go clicking: This is one creative rakhi you can get for your brother. The rakhi has a plastic camera with a tiny button; when clicked, it flashes like a normal camera. How cool! Price: Rs 125", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299344", "title": "Chicken pox scare: National Law School classes off for 8 days", "text": "BANGALORE: The National Law School of India University (NLSIU) has called off classes for eight days due to a chicken pox scare on the campus.The law school had three chicken pox cases confirmed from a single hostel block recently. Students were quarantined and shifted to the health centre. Soon after, the authorities decided to suspend classes for eight days to prevent any further outbreak.Fumigation is underway on the campus. \"It was a pre-emptive measure that we have taken. Chicken pox is an airborne disease and we didn't want to take a chance. It can spread faster for youth between 18 and 31 years. Many parents also expressed concern. The classes have been suspended till August 8,\" said R Venkat Rao, vice-chancellor, NLSIU.He added the classes had been arranged in such a way that the academic schedule would not be affected by the short break. \"Both physical and academic schedule has been taken care of,\" he said.Students have been asked to vacate hostels till the college reopens. \"Except for foreign nationals and students from distant places, all students have been sent off. The others have been provided alternate arrangements in training centres,\" he said.The institute will have their convocation on August 5 at Christ University Auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15299253", "title": "Students to campaign for girl child", "text": "The women's development cell (WDC) of the Mumbai university has asked all mass media students from affiliated colleges to initiate campaigns to create awareness on gender sensitization, sexual harassment and female foeticide. Students pursuing Bachelors in Mass Media at Nagindas Khandwala College in Malad will hit the roads on Wednesday with placards and badges to spread awareness about female feticide.They will hold campaigns at 12 locations in south Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15299796", "title": "Counselling programme for alcohol-addicted cops", "text": "TRICHY: In an attempt to provide a new lease of life to alcohol-addicted policemen, the Trichy city police has embarked on a move to provide counselling to the policemen at Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital (AGMGH).\"We have identified 31 policemen who are addicted to alcohol for this counseling programme. All of them are below the rank of sub-inspector. I hope the counselling has a positive impact on their performance in the line of duty and on their personal life. Our human resources will also improve,\" city commissioner of police Shailesh Kumar Yadav said.\"As a precursor to the proposed counselling, I had chosen one policeman who was an alcohol-addict for this initiative. The result was incredible in that he completely recovered from the addiction and performed well at work. Even his family members were satisfied with the improvement,\" recalled the commissioner.Actually, Trichy police took up the matter seriously close on the heels of an embarrassing incident in Coimbatore on July 11, 2012. A traffic police man under the influence of alcohol was accused of misbehaving with a woman who was driving a car. The woman lodged a complaint with the police that he tried to misbehave with her despite her showing the necessary documents for verification. The police sent him for medical tests to ascertain whether he had indeed consumed liquor.The incident embarrassed the whole police department, which woke up the Trichy city police. Now, efforts are being taken to prevent such incidents.The policemen have been picked up from various stations and armed reserve police battalions in the city. The police initiated a thorough survey about the character of such drunken cops. After going through the information collected from neighbours in police quarters and the workplace, they shortlisted those eligible for counselling. Apart from that, they got consent from their families for the de-addiction programme. However, the police maintained that those who have been selected for this training were not accused of misbehaving with their colleagues.\"Each of them will undergo five days' counselling at the hospital from the first week of August. The counselling will go on for a few weeks,\" said a police officer.Dr A Karthikeyan, dean of the hospital, said, \"We are going to reopen a de-addiction centre in our hospital on August 1. The centre was abandoned for sometime and now it has been renovated. The policemen will be given counselling by psychiatrists at the centre. However, I have not received any communication from the police about the date of commencement of treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300736", "title": "Property owners get 90 days to pay tax in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two months after re-imposing property tax in Haryana, the state government has given 90 days to property owners to sort out the issues of tax remission and self assessment. From November 1, civic bodies will begin serving demand notices.On June 1, the Haryana government had announced revival of property tax after rationalizing the formulas calculating it.Haryana has around 20 lakh property tax payers, 2.5 lakh and 2.45 lakh from national capital region (NCR) of Gurgaon and Faridabad and 68,000 and 60,000 from the state capital region (SCR) of Panchkula and Ambala.While the payers can assess tax under the self-declaration facility, officials in civic bodies have been asked to complete surveys under the new formula of property tax devised by government a month ago.Financial commissioner, urban local bodies (ULB) department, Ram Niwas, said, ''For the current cycle, we have already displayed the formulas on our website as well as the collector rates.From November 1, the civic bodies will start serving demand notices on the basis of surveys carried out by them area, he added.In October 2008, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had scrapped the tax in urban areas to win over voters with an eye on elections, but the Centre stopped giving matching grants of over Rs 700 crore under the JNNURM.Faridabad municipal commissioner D Suresh said the MCF has already started collecting property tax.Panchkula MC secretary O P Sihag said the residents were seeking help in calculation of property tax. ''We are in the process of finalizing the agency that will carry out the survey for us. We are also trying to help those opting for self-declaration.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299898", "title": "Doctor blamed for homemaker's death", "text": "BANGALORE: A case of medical negligence has been filed against a gynaecologist of St John's Hospital here by V Damotharan after his 31-year-old homemaker-wife Rani died on Saturday due to complications after undergoing laparoscopy surgery.In his complaint to Koramangala police, Damotharan, stated that Rani died due to alleged medical negligence of doctors.But medical superintendent of St John's Hospital Dr George D'Souza denied any negligence. \"We attended to the patient who developed complications. Her case was a serious one, as there was injury to her large intestine. We earnestly attended to all her medical requirements, but unfortunately she died due to complications during treatment. This isn't medical negligence as we did our best for her,\" Dr D'Souza told TOI.The husband's statement said: \"Rani had not conceived and was undergoing treatment for the past two-and-a-half years from gynaecologist D Annamma Thomas at St John's Hospital. On the surgeon's advice, she was admitted to the hospital on July 16. She underwent a laparoscopic procedure the next day and was discharged on July 18 after the doctor certified her fit.\"The complaint added: \"On July 19 evening, Rani developed pain and when they called the doctor, she was prescribed painkillers. As the pain didn't subside even after administering painkiller Meftal Spas, Dr Annamma Thomas was called. She asked Rani to get admitted in the emergency ward on July 20. \"Doctors conducted x-ray and ultrasound scans in emergency ward and confirmed there was a perforation in the large intestine, which had caused infection to spread to the entire digestive system.\"To prevent the infection from spreading, a surgery was performed and she was admitted to the intensive care unit. Though doctors attending on Rani said she was recovering, she was taken to the operation theatre on July 23 for an abdomen wash to contain the infection, the complainant said.On July 27 evening, doctors said Rani was suffering from pneumonia and low blood pressure. The next day, doctors said she had to undergo dialysis. Doctors later said her right leg was infected and it had to be amputated. \"We agreed to this. Rani was taken to the operation theatre around 2.30pm and was shifted back to the ICU around 4pm. By 4.30pm, doctors declared her dead,\" said the complainant. He blamed Dr Annamma Thomas's negligence during the laparoscopy for the agony.Police said following the complaint, a postmortem was conducted. \"The results are awaited after which we'll take appropriate steps,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299356", "title": "Last date for I-T returns extended", "text": "HYDERABAD: The blackout across 21 states of the country forced the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) on Tuesday to extend the last date for filing income tax (I-T) returns to August 31. The board had initially set the deadline as July 31.The order that reached state departments and other industry bodies on Tuesday afternoon stated that owing to the disturbance of general life caused due to failure of power, the CBDT was extending the due date of filing income tax returns for the assessment year 2012-13 to August 31. The new e-filing norm, made mandatory from this year onwards for those with annual income of Rs 10 lakh or more, was also a reason for the extension, the board stated.Unaware of this development that came later in the day, city's taxpayers thronged Aayakar Bhavan, headquarters of the state I-T department, on Tuesday morning. Right from 9am, when the counters opened for the day, there was a steady flow of people, which continued till 6 pm. In comparison to previous years, however, the rush was less. Till 1.30pm, the official count of taxpayers walking in to file returns at the Basheerbagh office was 7,258. At the I-T towers in A C Guards, the figure was 1,938. \"In 2011, the total number of taxpayers who filed returns on the last day was over 18,000. That's not the case this time,\" said an I-T official. And the reasons for this range from the new exemption (those earning up to Rs 5 lakh per annum were exempted) to the latest e-filing norm made mandatory for certain individuals.\"Also, this year a larger number of assessees have filed their returns prior to the initial deadline of July 31. Unlike other years when we used to have just about a thousand taxpayers walking in to our offices between July 20 and July 30, this time the count on many of these days was as high as 6,000 to 7,000,\" the official added.The thin crowd on Tuesday came as a pleasant surprise to taxpayers who came speculating a harrowing day at the I-T office. Though there was a minor confusion due to a change in the arrangement of counters, the day passed off without any major hindrance. \"There was some ambiguity initially, but the officials guided us on approaching them,\" said K S Prasad, an executive with the roads and buildings department. Senior citizens and women taxpayers had complaints from the department. The `special ladies counter' as promised by the I-T bosses was non-existent. The total number of returns filed in the city in the month of July was 1,12,872.Meanwhile, speculation was rife about CBDT's sudden move to extend last date by a month being influenced by the central bureaucracy as the board has never given such relaxations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299592", "title": "No 'hospital' power in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Emergency services at both government and private hospitals came to a grinding halt with power failure for an hour. The state's biggest and busiest hospital Sawai Man Singh hospital was plunged into darkness for an hour barring the ICUs.Some patients on oxygen in the general ward were shifted to wards where the back-up was functional. Medication in general wards was suspended as the various equipment which are operated on electricity could not be used. The attendants alleged that doctors deserted the wards which had no power.Dr Bhawna Sharma, professor of neuro medicine, SMS hospital, said, \"The power failure of this magnitude is creating havoc for patients, especially in the general ward but it can be fatal for patients undergoing treatment in ICUs too,\" while adding that the government should provide separate diesel generator sets to handle the back up at the ICU.Sources said the hospital had to postpone few minor surgeries. Officials said that they cannot take any chance as generators cannot be run for hours.Power services resumed at SMS in an hour from Chambal power grid on request from hospital authorities, said Dr Rakesh, spokesperson, SMS. Despite, long queues were seen at emergency wards as X-Ray, ECG, MRI and CT scan was working slowly.The story at Kanwatiya Hospital is no different. Doctors were forced to suspend all activities. The generator sans fuel added to the woes of patients and their attendants. Patients alleged that even the emergency ward was not fully functional and there was a long queue at the X-Ray dept.Even private hospitals had to face hardships in maintaining power supply till electricity was restored. Normally, establishments like hospitals have electric connection from different phases so that back up works partially.It is reported that many patients were rushed to SMS from private hospitals as they refused to treat them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301602", "title": "INS Baaz to keep hawk eye on threats in Indian Ocean Region", "text": "NEW DELHI: To keep an eagle eye on the region around the strategically-located Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the Navy commissioned its new air station INS Baaz at Campbell Bay on Tuesday.INS Baaz is the southernmost air station of the Indian armed forces, and overlooks the Malacca Strait while dominating the Six-Degree Channel, and is in keeping with India's policy to counter China's strategic moves in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR) and also security of shipping lanes, as reported by TOI earlier.\"The archipelago, separated as it is by over 650 nautical miles from our mainland, offers a vital geo-strategic advantage to India. Not only do they provide the nation with a commanding presence in the Bay of Bengal, the islands also serve as our window into East and South-East Asia,'' said Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma, after commissioning INS Baaz.INS Baaz, which will initially house Dornier naval surveillance aircraft, is currently equipped to operate light to heavy aircraft capable of \"short-field operations'' from a runway of about 3,500-feet. The runway will be progressively lengthened to enable unrestricted operation of all categories of aircraft including heavy variants.Apart from countering Chinese moves, the stepped-up military presence in the archipelago will provide a strong security cover to India's 600,000 sq km of Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) spread out in this region, which is around 30% of the country's total EEZ of 2.01 million sq km.The islands host India's first and only regional `theatre command', with all Army, Navy, IAF and Coast Guard forces under a single operational commander, which was created as part of the national security reforms after the 1999 Kargil conflict. But the military force-levels have remained largely static in the tri-Service command since it came into existence in October, 2001.Under the overall \"island development plan'' now underway, which includes new naval air station at Campbell Bay, the existing runways at Campbell Bay and Shibpur are being extended, while three more (OTR) operational turnaround bases for warships are being established in the archipelago.Moreover, new airstrips will come up at Kamorta and Little Andaman, while the existing two main runways at Port Blair and Car Nicobar are also being upgraded. The Army, too, is moving to add another battalion to the 108 Mountain Brigade based there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15300997", "title": "Debate on right to safe food turns sour", "text": "KOCHI: It was a meeting called by the Kochi Corporation to hold a debate on citizens' right to safe food. But hoteliers upset with the recent raids, turned the exercise held on Tuesday into a venue for raising their complaints. And amidst the din and bustle, the main issue was swept under the carpet.The raids were conducted by local bodies and officials from the food safety commissioner's office following the death of a boy after consuming shawarma from an eatery in Thiruvananthapuram. The members of the Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association (KHRA) were vociferous in their complaint that officials had indulged in favouritism while conducting the raids. According to KHRA, the raids had adversely affected hotel business leading to dip in profits. They alleged that big players had been kept out of the ambit of raids and smaller joints were made scapegoats.KHRA president Jose Mohan demanded that raids be conducted in compliance with the Food Safety and Standards Act. He said hotels should not be closed down without giving a notice period for them to overcome their shortcomings. Inaugurating the debate, district judge P Mohandas said large scale manufacturers (of processed food) had escaped legal action while small traders had been caught.In his presidential address, mayor Tony Chammany said a concerted effort was required to tackle the issue. \"Enforcement of law alone will not help improve the situation. The suggestions and recommendations emerging out of such debates will have to be effectively implemented to streamline the hotel industry,\" he said.Corporation secretary Ajit Patil, who moderated the debate, said the local body wanted to ensure quality of food and hygiene standards in city eateries. Health standing committee chairman T K Ashraf, deputy mayor B Bhadra and many officials were present at the meeting. Representatives of the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council, Food Craft Institute, Kerala Bakers Association and residents associations also attended the debate.The members of the Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association were vociferous in their complaint that officials had indulged in favouritism while conducting the raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307605", "title": "Amoolya agrees to come back!", "text": "Actress Amoolya who has maintained a steady record is in demand again. After her runaway hit 'Cheluvina Chittara' with Ganesh she declared that she will be accepting offers only in the holidays, so that she doesn't miss her college.Her film 'Naanu Nanna Kanasu' with Prakash Raj was also shot during holidays. She played daughter to the remake of Prakash Raj 'Abhiyum Naanum'. Meanwhile Amoolya gave up the idea of acting in films after a major loss from 'Manasology' in the direction of her brother Deepak. All the earnings she made were invested on this project but it failed to click.Now again she has agreed to do a film with super star Ganesh in a film directed by Swaraj Manju.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302157", "title": "26-year-old electrocuted on river bank", "text": "NASHIK: A 26-year-old man , Jeetendra Petkar, who was a resident of Phul Bazaar, was electrocuted at around 12 noon, while shifting his kiosk on the bank of the Godavari on Tuesday. Identified as Jeetendra Petkar, the person was electrocuted at around 12 noon.Soon after the incident, the victim was immediately shifted to Civil Hospital by around 12.45pm, but was declared dead on admission.According to officials, due to the incessant rains, the river's water level had started rising on Monday afternoon. Taking note of this, kiosk owners who have their shops on the banks of the river started moving to safer places.The Panchavati police said that the deceased had a bhel stall near the Ganapati temple. Cops added that though the victim had legal power supply for his business, it appeared that in the flurry of moving, Petkar forgot to switch off the power supply, which led to the eloctrocution, because of which he got electrocuted. Though there were reports that two more persons were injured in the incident, the PanchavatiCops said that they did not know of any other injuries in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15303644", "title": "Dugri spins as heavens pour joy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fresh morning downpour set the perfect mood for Teej celebrations at Dugri's Phase-II on Tuesday. Residents celebrated the festival of rains in typical Punjabi style, complete with bhangra and giddha performances to peppy Punjabi songs.Dressed in up bright hues and full of power-packed Punjabi flair, the women made the celebrations vibrant and memorable.Kulwant Kaur, the main organizer of the event said, \"Celebrating such traditional festivals promotes love and unity among communities. We remain so busy in our daily routines and do not get time for each other. But while living in a society, we have to bond and such days provide the perfect platform for it.\"High-voltage bhangra and giddha performances at a resort in Dugri's Phase-I weren't the highlights as people also enjoyed tambola and quiz contests. These were followed by lip-smacking snacks and lunch party.\"Such celebrations strengthen our bonds that are gradually weakening because of lack of time and interest in others. More such events need to be organized so that there is a sense of belongingness among people,\" said Ginni, one of the participants.\"It was all about celebrating our culture and traditions. The participants showed their true Punjabi spirit and made the event interesting. Soaked in the colours of Teej, we danced, played games, enjoyed and had lunch together.The event became even more unforgettable as the rain in the morning set the right mood,\" said Usha Goyal, another participant.'Kikli' wins hearts'Kikli', the traditional dance of the state, saw the whirling and spinning with joy. \"It was nostalgic as we did 'kikli' after so long. It reminded me of childhood,\" said Rajni, a resident of Dugri. In Punjab, 'kikli' is performed by girls and women in groups of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300150", "title": "Entries invited for science communicators' meet", "text": "NAGPUR: Those involved in the business of communicating science may get to present their ideas on making use of science to shape the future of India at next year's Indian Science Congress. As a part of its centenary celebrations, the Congress will be conducting a national science communicators' meet during its 2013 session in January.Twenty four of the regional chapters of the Congress are supposed to send two representatives each, one for an oral presentation and another for a poster presentation. The Nagpur chapter of Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA) is inviting entries for the regional elimination round to be held in September.\"Those interested in competing at the regional level should submit their biodata, contact details and the evidence of the work they have done during the last ten years before September 2 along with soft copies,\" informed KR Nagraj, convener of the city chapter of ISCA. During the first week of the month itself, these participants would have to compete against each other, he added.Further information can be had from the website or at 0712-2551190.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15302213", "title": "Govt slow to distribute new uniforms to eligible kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: If you walk into a state government or aided school any one of these days, you will most likely see children wearing different sets of uniform. This is because the state had decided to introduce new uniforms this academic year, providing each student who is part of the noon-meal scheme with 4 sets. This is for students up to class 8. However, the government has not been able to provide all eligible students with the new uniforms, and thus many come to school wearing their old sets.The new uniform includes a sandalwood coloured shirt and maroon coloured pants, while the old was a white shirt with khaki coloured pants. Regardless of the confusion about the uniforms, the students are very excited about the change. A Karthick, a class 8 student at a government school near Gandhipuram says he likes the new colours. He was really bored with the Khaki uniform that he wore for many years, he says.School officials say that since many have not yet got their new uniforms, they will not impose the new uniform rule this academic year. Since the new uniforms were introduced just a month ago, the parents have been assured that students will not be forced to wear them this academic year, said an official at the district education department.The uniforms are distributed through the district social welfare departments. They take the measurements from each school and stitch them through their own tailoring units. The first set of uniforms has been distributed, and the second set will be distributed soon, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301418", "title": "Poll goal 2014: Put new, able hands in charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making its electoral ambitions clear, Team Anna on Tuesday said its mission was to ensure new and able people came to power in 2014. The statement comes close on the heels of Gandhian Anna Hazare toughening his approach by rejecting talks with the government and instead offering to campaign for \"credible'' candidates. He had earlier said he would not object to some members of Team Anna contesting elections.Recent speeches made from Jantar Mantar have also given credence to the electoral game plans of the activists with Kiran Bedi saying, \"This mission will not stop till the 2014 elections, till the time new and apt people come in power.''There were bitter words from 74-year-old Anna, who is on fast since Sunday, as he said he was not interested in even talking to the Prime Minister even as the government continued to play hardball.Hazare said, \"The government says they will not send any representative to talk to us. We don't need ministers to come and talk to us. The agitation will continue till our demands are met. I am not even ready to talk to the Prime Minister.... I can return Padma Bhushan right now. The people have given me such a big award.''Hazare said he has decided that he will protest repeatedly \"until the flood of good politics comes\". The statement from Hazare came on a day when his close aides, Arvind Kejriwal and Gopal Rai, rejected doctors' advice for hospitalization after their fast entered the seventh day.Earlier in the day, Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan targeted the government for not initiating a dialogue with Team Anna. \"They want people like Anna, Arvind, Manish and others to die so that they can continue their loot,\" he said.On BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's reported comments that Team Anna should not target the system in general, Kumar Vishwas said, \"They supported our movement earlier but not now. His party was with us because they thought it will help them win elections in five states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299805", "title": "Student drowns in swimming pool", "text": "BANGALORE: On Monday evening, final-year BBM student Chandrashekhar Nagesh, 21, drowned in a swimming pool in Thanisandra, Sampigehalli.A day earlier, a 26-year-old banker drowned in the Best Club swimming pool off Mysore Road, Rajarajeshwari Nagar.Chandrashekhar, a resident of DJ Halli and student of Lal Bahadur College in RT Nagar, entered the pool which was over 10 ft deep around 4pm.His father Nagesh filed a complaint accusing the swimming pool management of negligence. According to him, there were no lifeguards around. \"Had the management deployed divers, my son would have lived,\" Nagesh told Sampigehalli police.Police suspect the youth did not know swimming.The pool is reportedly owned by Venkat Mari and is attached to his Sandalwood studio and said to a favourite shooting locales for Kannada film units.Sampigehali police said they found no life jackets or tubes in the pool. This is the second death here since 2009. Police booked a case of negligence against Venkat Mari and are looking for the manager.A watchman let Chandrashekar into the pool after collecting Rs 30. \"I'm asked to collect Rs 30 from each person who comes for a swim. I hand over the money to Venkat at the end of the day,\" the guard reportedly told police. DCP (north-east) G Ramesh told TOI, \"The pool has a BBMP permit and but it's a private pool.\"Pools forbidden territory for BBMPSwimming is a gaining popularity as a pastime and sport. It has also encouraged the enterprising to invest a few lakh rupees and open swimming pools for interested public. The BBMP has failed to arm itself with required mandate to regulate private swimming pools.A BBMP spokesperson confirmed that swimming pools are not listed in trade categories requiring a licence. BBMP chief engineer BT Ramesh said: \"In case a swimming pool is being built on private property, the plan comes to us for approval. We check and give permission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302273", "title": "Upper Lake, Kolar dam level up", "text": "BHOPAL: With five days of incessant rainfall, there is a marginal increase in the level of the Upper Lake and a considerable increase in the Kolar reservoir level.Though the city recorded 80 mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours till Tuesday morning, the level of the Upper Lake has increased to 1657.20 ft. On Monday, the level of the lake was 1656.70 feet. The level of Kolar reservoir has gone up to 448.63 mts, an increase of about 1.8 mts. The full reservoir level of Kolar is 462.3 mts.The director of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle D P Dubey said \"Light showers would continue in the city as the system active over the Orissa coast has weakened. The fresh formations are also in the offing but will take three to four days to advance till Madhya Pradesh,\" he added.Meanwhile, among other places, Ganjbasoda recorded a total 150 mm of rainfall, Shujalpur 120 mm, Agar 110 mm, Seoni 90 mm, Raisen recorded a total rainfall of 80 mm, Tikamgarh and Sehore 70 mm each, Datia 60 mm and Mandla and Chanderi each recorded 50 mm of rainfall.The temperature in the four main cities - Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur -- ranged between 32.2 and 22.1 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 25.6 (-3) degrees C against a minimum of 21.3 (-2) degrees C. The maximum in Indore was recorded at 25.8 (-2) degrees C and minimum at 21.7 degrees C. Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 32.2 (-1) degrees C and minimum at 25.7 degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded at 24.2 (-5) and 22.1 (-1) degrees C respectively.In the forecast for the next 24 hours, the weatherman said there might be possibility of rains and thundershowers at many places in Bhopal, Ujjain, Indore, Hoshangabad and Shahdol divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15300722", "title": "Crack down on illegal emigration agents: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to curb illegal activities of unregistered travel agents in the region, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the governments of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh administration to ensure that no immigration consultant or agent is running a business without being registered under the provisions of Emigration Act of 1983.Now, the two states and the UT would be duty-bound to ensure that no unauthorized recruiting agent is allowed to function in the region.The directions were issued by a division bench, comprising Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain, while disposing of a public interest litigation (PIL) by a retired high court judge, Justice Amar Dutt.In his petition, Dutt had submitted that a large number of unregistered recruiting agents/ employers have proliferated in recent times and are functioning in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, without any registration under Section 10 or having any permit under Section 16 (of The Emigration Act, 1983), and take out newspaper advertisements or using other means to unethically recruit innocent persons for employment abroad.Petitioner had sought appropriate directions to the Union government, states of Punjab, Haryana and UT to ensure appropriate and effective implementation of the Emigration Act, so as to ensure and check the menace of illegal human smuggling.Counsel for the petitioner, Anil Malhotra, submitted that most of the unscrupulous agents lure victims through websites, advertisements and messages under the garb of consultancy. \"Such agents are invariably unregistered and unlicensed. Most of the victims do not even know they need to have a licence under the Emigration Act, 1983,'' he contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15302348", "title": "Active parents raise active kids", "text": "WASHINGTON: Parents who want their kids to be active should first become more active themselves, a new study has claimed.Researchers from National Jewish Health found when parents increase their daily activity, as measured by a pedometer, their children increase theirs as well.\"It has long been known that parent and child activity levels are correlated,\" Kristen Holm, assistant professor of Medicine at National Jewish Health said. \"This is the first intervention-based study to prospectively demonstrate that when parents increase their activity, children increase theirs as well. The effect was more pronounced on weekends.\"In the study, 83 families were enrolled in a family-based intervention designed to prevent excess weight gain among overweight and obese children aged 7 to 14. Kids and parents were encouraged to increase their physical activity by walking an additional 2,000 steps per day.On days that mothers reached or exceeded their 2000-step goal, children took an average of 2,117 additional steps, compared to 1,175 additional steps when mothers did not reach their goal. Father-child activity showed a similar pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301922", "title": "No repairs sans AMC sanction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To curb surreptitious building repairs in the walled city, municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has issued a notification restricting any repair works of listed heritage properties without the permission of the AMC. The notification says that the new heritage laws are part of the general development control regulation and any owner caught doing unlawful repair works will face strict action.The notification was issued on July 24. It states, \"Owners and stakeholders of listed heritage buildings are hereby directed not to demolish any listed heritage building or structure, unless a written permission is obtained from the competent authority of the AMC. Any violation of this notice will be dealt strictly under the provisions of the GDCR.\" The list has been accredited by the Heritage Conservation Committee ( HCC) which has jurisdiction over heritage properties within AMC and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority ( AUDA) limits.A detailed list of more than 12,500 heritage properties of the walled city has been put up by the AMC on its website. \"There have been few demolitions in the walled city even after a gazette notification was brought out few months ago. The recent public notice is to warn the owners who are indulging in unlawful repair works of their buildings. We even have information that some heritage structures are being pulled down to turn them into commercial properties,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300145", "title": "Dental colleges to discuss better teaching methods", "text": "NAGPUR: VSPM Dental College has clubbed several of its ongoing projects under Dental Education Technology (DET), making it the first college in Vidarbha and only the third in the state to take up the course. The DET unit of the college, which was inaugurated in July by Maharashtra University of Health Sciences ( MUHS) vice-chancellor Dr Arun Jamkar, will be organizing the first three-day basic course in DET from August 28 to 30.The objective of the course is to impart skills in the teachers for improvement of teaching quality. Issues like stress among dentistry students, making use of information technology for teaching, better teacher-student relationship are among the many topics to be taken up for deliberations. \"Five dental colleges from Vidarbha will take part. The conclusions drawn will then be implemented by the participating colleges,\" said the vice-dean of the college Dr Ramakrishna Shenoi. The aim is to replace rote learning by problem-based and competency-based learning, he said. \"We are trying to do that by orienting the syllabus in a way that students will get more clinical exposure,\" he added.\"Many teachers from the college have been engaged in projects of their own since long. Most of these projects have been driven by the feedback from our students about the various issues. With two of us having done fellowships of the Foundation for Advancement of International Medical Education and Research, an organization that works towards improving healthcare by improving standards of education, it seemed that we were prepared to take up task of a DET unit,\" said Dr Anjali Deshpande, co-chairperson of the unit.\"Methodologies like e-learning and simulation learning will help in enhanced learning, leaving nothing to the students' imagination. It is important for us to learn these things before using them for teaching. So, these will also form a part of the courseware,\" said prosthodontics teacher Dr Saee Deshmukh.It is not just education techniques that these teachers would be talking about. Much importance has been given to the personal development of the students as well. \"The relationship between teachers and students has undergone a big change. On the basis of answers of our students, we have drawn some pointers that will help the teachers be on friendlier terms with students,\" said Dr Manjusha Pradhan, a teacher from the college involved in one of the projects.Various factors that induce stress among the students, like fear of failure, insecurity about future and peer pressure will also be addressed by the teachers with some help from psychiatry department of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15301903", "title": "MP bounty boon for Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: As enough water continues to flow into Narmada dam from upstream Madhya Pradesh (MP), Gujarat government has decided to step up the outflow of water to meet irrigation requirements of 4.5 lakh hectares and also drinking water needs of 131 cities and 7,000 villages. \"The water inflow in the dam peaked at 1.90 lakh cusecs (cubic feet per second) by Monday late evening. The inflow depends on rains in MP. On Tuesday late afternoon it was 65,000 cusecs after it dropped to 35,000 cusecs in the morning,\" a senior government official said.Major cities that are dependent on Narmada drinking water include Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar and Surendranagar, apart from most of the towns of Suarashtra and Kutch. \"On Tuesday, 22,000 cusecs of water was released from the dam as against nearly 12,000 cusecs, a day earlier,\" the official said. \"Of the total inflow, 3,000 cusecs goes to meet the drinking water needs of nearly half of Gujarat's towns and villages. As of irrigation, we supply water on the basis of demand.\" Of the 22,000 cusecs, 12,000 cusecs is being pumped into the canal, while the rest flows into the river.Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) managing director S Jagadeesan told a high-level cabinet sub-committee on Tuesday that the inflow into the dam is \"enough to take care of drinking water needs of half of the state for the next two years.\" Jagadeesan also reportedly told the meeting, chaired by state finance minister Vajubhai Vala, that \"there would be no problem for the kharif crop in the Narmada command area where canal network has been completed.\" As for rabi or winter crop, \"nothing can be said as of now\", he added.Giving a break-up of the areas where water is being made available for irrigation purposes, Jagadeesan said that around 1,400 cusecs of water is being pumped into the Fatewadi and Kharicut canals in order to save water intensive crops, particularly paddy, in four talukas next to Ahmedabad - Sanand, Bawla, Dholka and Daskroi. And, another 1,400 cusecs of water is being released into the Sujalam Sufalam recharge canal running through north Gujarat in areas which are not a part of the Narmada command. More water will be released on demand to save crops.Steps are also being taken to release water into the branch canals which are still under construction in the Saurashtra region, where irrigation is a problem. Thus, a 50-km stretch of the Dhrangandhra branch canal will start getting Narmada water within next 10 days. A 30-km stretch of the Limdi branch canal will start getting water within a week. And the Botad branch's 22-km stretch will also start receiving water within a week. The farmers will be allowed to draw Narmada water from these canals for free by sinking up to 12 inch pipelines, as the command is not developed in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15308024", "title": "Don't want to start with blame game: Moily", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly-appointed power minister Veerappa Moily on Wednesday refrained from blaming states for over-drawing electricity that may have led to the collapse of the three grids on Tuesday and said he will focus on combating the many troubles that are facing the sector.Moily, who took charge of the ministry on Wednesday morning, said that he would take stock of the situation and start working on clearing the hurdles facing the sector.\"First thing is to stabilise the grid and it has to sustain. For that we will work out a proper strategy,\" he told reporters here.Refraining from blaming the states for over-drawing the electricity from grids and not adhering to a discipline, Moily said he did not want to start his innings with a blame-game.\"I don't want to start with the blame game... at the appropriate time, we will find out short term and medium term solutions,\" he said.Taking over the reins of the ministry at a time when it is steeped in crisis, Moily will have to address the issues ranging from the failure of the three grids that plunged 21 states into darkness, to fuel shortages and the financial health of the distribution companies.\"I always like challenges in life...these things (electricity transmission and fuel issues) are very sensitive rather hyper sensitive in the sector, problems will crop up at the same time how we combat these problems that becomes a challenge,\" Moily said.\"We are very much capable...capacity has been built... that is not the end of the journey we need to do more that is why we are here, he added.The country suffered its worst power crisis on Tuesday, impacting more than half of the 1.2 billion population, as the three Grids -- Northern, Eastern and North Eastern -- collapsed.More than 21 states went without electricity for several hours crippling normal life. From miners to passengers to daily commuters were left stranded for hours at a stretch due to the massive power failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15302788", "title": "Focus on personal records is a bane", "text": "BANGALORE: This Indian penchant for individual records in a team game will, apparently never go away. Either the batsmen are going for a hundred and slowing things down in a ODI or as it happened in the fourth ODI in Colombo on Tuesday evening, a bowler is carried on with simply because he is in with a chance of claiming a five-wicket haul.Now, since this is being written even before India's chase of Lanka's final tally of 251 for 8 begins, it is not the result that is the focus. Rather it is the process that has been found wanting, the very process Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni keeps talking about.\"If we take care of the process, the results will take of themselves,\" is a comment he often makes, albeit he borrowed it from an earlier Indian skipper.But in giving part-timer Manoj Tiwary the ball for the final over of the Lankan innings when the hosts had nothing to lose with their ninth wicket pair in the middle, Dhoni faltered badly.Tiwary may have bowled his nine overs for 43 and claimed four wickets (no one would have been more surprised than the Kolkatan himself) but when there are three fast bowlers with four overs each in the bag and with one being the most experienced Zaheer Khan (admittedly he had gone for 36 in his first six overs), Dhoni, by opting for Tiwary, was looking for trouble.He got it when the Sri Lankan pairing of Lasith Malinga and Rangana Herath took 18 runs off Tiwary's final over, the 50th of the innings, to take the Lankan total past the 250-run mark. Who knows it may just prove to be the crucial factor in the game, more so when the same pair comes back with ball in hand.Knowing Dhoni's luck, he may get away with it but the lesson will hopefully have been learnt. And it is not as if Zaheer or Irfan Pathan could not have been taken for runs, but then it is about playing the percentages right and the Indian approach was wrong, however slow the pitch at the Premadasa Stadium may have been.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15299090", "title": "1 held for walkie-talkie theft", "text": "THANE: A 40-year-old woman was arrested for stealing a police walkie-talkie from the beat office of Shreenagar police station on Monday.Laxmi Gambhirsingh Bhist, a resident of Ramnagar slums in Thane (W) who works as a housemaid, picked up the walkie-talkie 'to settle a score with the cops'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298849", "title": "The changing face of Iftar fare in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's the season of Iftars which quite naturally translates into sumptuous asal Hyderabad fare - haleem and biryani. But what with the influx of people from across the world, Iftar spreads are turning multi-cuisine at several dos in the city. The Dakhni gastronomic delights are sharing space with exotic dishes such as the cold cuts, Mezzeh delicacies and even the sushi platters.Many fasting Hyderabadis this year are busy digging into Middle East snacks like tabouleh (a dish like haleem made with broken wheat and meat) and baashamel (pasta with meat) or even Italian dishes. Mansoor Syed, an employee of Delloitte is planning to host an Iftar party soon, keeping in mind his clients from Saudi Arabia on an official visit to the city. \"There will be shorba (soup), sambusak (Middle East version of samosa), gemat (sweet dumplings), hummus (mashed chickpea) with pita bread and hareera, a meaty shorba that is an integral part of Iftar in Morocco . This is something I have seen when I visited Saudi in 2010 in Ramzan and while I thought I could make my clients feel at home, it would also be a great introduction to these delicacies for my friends from the city,\" he said. To ensure authenticity, he is even flying down a chef friend of his all the way from Jeddah.His friends are also not complaining. \"Since childhood, it's been biryani and haleem in Ramzan. So this is a pleasant change where we get to experiment with our taste buds,\" says Aamir Tameem, an actor, who can't stop raving about an 'Italian' Iftar party hosted by his friend and engineer Moin Khan . \"While we broke the fast with dates, what followed was a complete surprise. There was not only spaghetti with pesto sauce but also nachos which added a Mexican touch to the spread ,\" said Tameem who feels there is no harm as these dishes are less oily and hence healthy after a day of fasting.Agrees nutritionist Hameeda Sayeed, who says, \"Ideally an Iftar meal should start with dates and fruit juice to help stabilize possible low sugar ( hypoglycemia ) and provide the much needed hydration. It is better to follow this with baked or grilled foods and since most Italian or Middle-Eastern snacks are not deep fried, they are a good option. Haleem usually comes next but spaghetti is a perfect alternative as both are basically boiled dishes. The final biryani is no way healthier than a slice of pizza, but since by that stage our body recovers from the day-long fasting, there is no harm in having either.\"Ankita Sharma who is trying to gain a foothold in showbiz feel that Iftar parties today have become a big status symbol in most households in upmarket areas of the city, where the guest list reflects power. \"These parties, especially in the film industry and in the houses of businessmen, are more about making connections and less about breaking fast. So it is only natural that the parties will have a different decor and menu from the traditional ones,\" she says.But there are still some who in spite of enjoying the thought of an alternative Iftar party, term these as non-Hyderabadi. Maisam Abedi, a professional from Banjara Hills says, \"If we want to eat these, we can just go to a restaurant. For me Iftar is ghar-ka-khana. How can it be complete without good old biryani?\" For him, an essentially Hyderabadi Iftar is not complete without khubuli (boiled chick pea with black pepper and coriander), haleem, paya and the humongous mound of basmati rice topped with a generous quarter of chicken or chunks of mutton, fondly known as the Hyderabadi dum biryani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300301", "title": "Power failure triggers demand for diesel", "text": "LUCKNOW: After power supply in the city collapsed due to the massive failure of the northern and eastern grids, the demand for diesel soared up tremendously. To meet power requirement, be it for healthcare or small scale industries, or even for domestic purposes, generators were pulled up throughout the day. And, in order to continue running the gensets, people made a beeline at the petrol pumps demanding more and more diesel.\"There was no end to the demand for diesel on Tuesday. People took litres of diesel in cans as they were left with no other option, but to meet minimum power requirement,\" said Dilip Agarwal, an employee at a petrol pump in Hazratganj. He shared that while on a normal day, the petrol station sells nearly 2,000 litres of diesel, the figures on Tuesday crossed the 14,000 mark. \"All diesel tanks went dry around 2.30 pm. And since we did not order for more diesel, there was not a drop of diesel left,\" he said.Endorsing his views, Ram Chandra Yadav, an attendant at a petrol pump on University Road said that the demand for diesel doubled up on Tuesday. According to him, on usual days, they sell around 700-800 litres of diesel but on Tuesday, the demand soared upto 1,500 litres. When asked that whether there is a problem is getting diesel, he said, \"Till now the oil companies have been able to meet the demand, but in case, power is not restored, the crisis may worsen.\"Admitting the sudden increase in demand, president of Uttar Pradesh Petroleum Traders' Association, DN Shukla said, \"There is no denying that there is an enhanced need for diesel on Tuesday. But, there was no crisis of diesel reported from anywhere.\" According to him, the city's local consumption on Tuesday was around 350-400 metric tonnes in comparison to 200-250 metric tonnes on a normal day.Stating reasons behind the demand, Shukla said, \"Not only the gensets were used in hospitals, but malls that majorly rely on the generators demanded more diesel. Besides, mobile towers also consume diesel. Almost all households that have gensets, bought diesel to meet requirements.\"Ajay Awasthi, owner of another petrol refilling unit at Ashok Marg said, \"All tanks went dry soon after the outage. In fact, we somehow managed to get another tank of diesel. Once this was finished, there was no hope of getting more. There seems to be little respite from the power failure.\"The outage also resulted in mall owners being forced to shell out huge amounts on generators. \"The gensets had to be run for more than 8 hours as against one or two hours on usual days. It was obvious that we had to spend a good amount buying diesel,\" said a senior employee at a mall located at Shahnajaf Road. As per the mall owners, they used nearly 4,000 litres of diesel to combat power crisis on Tuesday. Usually, they end up using around 500-600 litres of diesel.To combat power crisis, work was also suspended at places where there was no alternate source of power. At other places, air conditioning services were held up so as to support minimum load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15304355", "title": "Flood death toll four, 1.5L hit in Lakhimpur, Sivasagar", "text": "JORHAT: One person died and over 1.5 lakh were affected by the second wave of floods that hit Assam's Brahmaputra valley on Monday.Over 1,50,000 people under Bihpuria, Nauboisa and North Lakhimpur revenue circles in Lakhimpur district and Nazira revenue circle in Sivasagar district were affected by the second wave of floods on Tuesday.The death toll in the second wave has already risen to four. Three persons died in three separate incidents under Bihpuria revenue circle due to floods on Monday.In Sivasagar district, thousands of people have been affected by floods in the past three days. Circle officer (Nazira) Sushma Hazarika said, \"As per a report received this afternoon, 8,615 people in 21 villages have been affected by the floods so far. A schoolgirl was drowned in floodwaters at Sunpora area in the circle.\"She added, \"As the water level of the Dikhow river started receding from last night, the situation seemed to be improving on Tuesday and no relief materials has been distributed so far.\"Sources said incessant rain in neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh for the past few days has led to rise in the water level of the Brahmaputra and its tributaries.The Lakhimpur district administration has sent a requisition to the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) to stay ready to deal with any kind of emergency caused by floods. Deputy commissioner (Lakhimpur) Anwarwiddin Choudhary said, \"We have sent a proposal to the concerned authorities of the NDRF to come to the district immediately and they have assured us to come here by next week.\"The state administration has opened relief camps at higher locations and relief material is being distributed among the flood victims. Over 60,000 have left their homes and taken shelter in nearly 100 relief camps in these affected districts.In the North Lakhimpur revenue circle, about 1,000 families from more than 15 villages have been affected by the floods so far. Circle officer (North Lakhimpur) Utpal Bora said, \"The water submerged a vast area in the circle and 1,600 people of 240 families are affected badly. They are taking shelter in relief camps and relief material has been distributed.\"The rising waters of Dikrong, Singora and Ranganadi rivers in Lakhimpur and Dikhow Rivers in Sivasagar district submerged more than 120 villages under the four revenue circles since Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15300039", "title": "Trichy police chief livid with 'mischief' by Cong workers", "text": "TRICHY: City police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav on Tuesday took strong objection to functionaries of the Trichy District Congress Committee (Urban) for unnecessarily dragging him into a controversy during the recent visit by Union minister P Chidambaram. They were allegedly spreading news that Chidambaram had instructed the commissioner to take action against police officers who registered cases against Congress party functionaries and cadres in connection with a hunger strike held in September 2011, in Trichy.\"It was entirely wrong news. In fact, I called on the Union minister at Circuit House, Trichy, on July 28 as a courtesy call. During the meeting, none of them were present. He did not talk about this issue. With such irresponsible comments, they are trying to drag the minister and me into controversy,\" he told TOI.The latest controversial statement of the Congress functionaries was the continuation of a case filed against 10 functionaries including district president G Jerome Arokiaraj following their hunger strike on September 22, 2011 in Trichy, which was aimed at insisting upon the Central government that the killers of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi be hanged.On the same day, another group of protestors from some political parties staged protests in support of the LTTE for the same issue. So, the police arrested them and brought them by van through a route where the Congressmen were staging a fast. By that time, assistant commissioners Srinivasan, Stalin and fort police station inspector Paravasudevan were on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301538", "title": "Don\u2019t want to be cajoled by corrupt ministers: Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a week of fasting, the health of Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal and Gopal Rai deteriorated on Tuesday. Despite doctors advising hospitalization, the two refused to end their fast and warned the government against any attempt to force-feed them.Tests showed both activists had elevated ketone levels, indicating that the body was breaking down stored fat. Rai, whose ketone level was in the danger zone (four plus), has been vomiting frequently.\"I am warning the government to not try to arrest and hospitalize us.The consequences will be bad,\" said Kejriwal, questioning grounds on which he could be arrested.\"My lawyers said I could be arrested for attempt to suicide. This law was made in 1860 and despite that Mahatma Gandhi use to hold fast. We never heard that he was forcefully arrested. Is this government worse than the British Raj?\" asked Kejriwal.A doctor who examined the two said they needed be administered intravenous fluids because rising ketone levels may affect crucial organs.Turns hereWith the government silent on the agitation and Team Anna refusing to budge on their demands, the stage seems set for a confrontation. \"The government said no minister will come here, or try to stop the movement. But there's no need for corrupt ministers to come here anyway,\" he said. In his evening speech, Anna made a reference to the government's apathy, and said that their visit to the fasting venue would be a 'kalank' (shame). Addressing apprehensions that a Lokpal would not end corruption, he said, \"At least bring the Jan Lokpal Bill and see what it does. It may not end corruption 100%, but will definitely bring it down by 60-65%.\" He added that ministers like P Chidambaram would be behind bars had there been a strong Lokpal.The Gandhian also said when the time is right, he would return his Padma Bhushan. Anna remained on stage throughout the day, but both Kejriwal and Rai stayed in their enclosures off the dais. Despite the declining health of the fasting activists, footfalls dwindled at the protest venue on Tuesday. Apart from the fact that it was a working day, rain and chaos resulting from the power grid failure also kept many away during the first half of the day. But by evening, the crowd had swelled to about 4000 protesters. Large groups of schoolchildren could be seen in their uniforms.At around 6pm, actor Ranvir Shorey made his way to the protest, and was seated next to Kiran Bedi on the stage. During his speech, he urged Anna and his team to continue the campaign, but to leave the 'anshan'. He also motivated the people to step up and actively participate.\"This is about corruption, which has led to so many problems, whether it's bad roads, lack of education, barren land or malnourished children. We have truth on our side, and it is more powerful than corruption. It may take time and perseverance, but I'm willing to come even when I'm as old as Anna,\" he said.Some protestors undertook drastic measure to show their support for the cause. Satyanarayan Sisodia, a farmer from Mathura, was lying half naked on the thorny branches of a babul tree. \"If Anna Hazare and his team can undertake such troubles then so can I,\" said Satyanarayan. He claimed to be on fast since July 25. Some even cycled or walked for days from their homes to reach the venue.Large groups of protesters also organized impromptu marches. One group walked from the venue to ITO, from where they marched back holding candles and torches. After the evening speeches, another group took out a rally to Connaught Place and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15302270", "title": "Pot holes, incomplete work along BRT corridor a risk to commuters", "text": "BHOPAL: The ongoing construction work along the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor, especially in Roshanpura and Polytechnic square is posing great inconvenience for the commuters as open pits covered by rain water and piles of construction material pose a serious risk.\"The pits as well as the roads are full of water making it difficult to demarcate. The problem is further compounded in the absence of proper caution or sign boards,\" Suresh Soni and Ramnath Tripathi, an engineer told TOI.\"BRTS work is troubling the residents as the companies engaged in construction work are giving a go by to the safety norms. The road from Roshanpura square down has a steep slope and incomplete work without proper caution and street lights are a potential risk,\" Nilesh Shrivastava a resident of New Market said.There are over a dozen pits dug up by the municipal corporation along the one km road to install barricades to demarcate the corridor to run the special buses. Interestingly, none of these have any sign boards to caution the commuters.\"This is violation of Indian Roads Congress (IRC) SP 55 which states that, the civic bodies cannot leave any manhole, pot hole or dug up roads unattended. These needs barricading, Siddharth Rokde, traffic and road engineer, MANIT told TOI. \"They can cause serious injuries to the commuters,\" he added.\"The dug up patches have steel rods needed to barricade them lying unattended and are a risk to commuters. We have asked the contractor to install caution signs or radium lights indicating pot holes or dug up patches,\" Rajneesh Shrivastava BMC commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300750", "title": "Former teachers' protest against unsettled arrears", "text": "RANCHI: The Federation of University Retired Teachers' Association of Jharkhand staged a dharna in front of the vice-chancellor's office on Tuesday pressing for their pending demands.Talking about the demands M P Sharma, convener, of the federation said, \"We have some demands which we presented to the vice-chancellor, who will forward them to the state government.\"He said Rs 1 lakh gratuity had been paid to the teachers retired between 1997 and October 2000 whereas they were entitled to Rs 3.5 lakh. \"Currently, revision of pension should be implemented with effect from April 10, 2010. As per statute, we are entitled to get revised rate of pension from January 2006 but till now we haven't received it. Also those teachers who retired after 2006 gratuity of Rs 10 lakh is payable. But this has not been implemented till date,\" he added.Sharma also said, \"Arrears of fifth pay revision is paid partly. Arrears of the sixth pay revision has also not been calculated and sent to the central government till date. If the demands are not met within a month, we will stage continuous dharna in front of Raj Bhavan and the chief minister' house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15302143", "title": "Petition challenging Gujarat University search committee dismissed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday dismissed the petition challenging the constitution of the search committee to select a vice chancellor on the ground that it was in violation of norms. This has paved way for the existing search committee to continue it's search for a new vice chancellor of the university.The division bench comprising chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala upheld section 10 of the Gujarat University Act and said that UGC regulation cannot overrule GU rules.Petitioner Dhaval Patel had challenged the setting up of the search committee saying that it was in violation of provisions made by the University Grants Commission Act and Regulations of 2010. He contended that the committee had been formed under the Gujarat University Act, but the provision made to constitute the search committee was ultra vires to provisions of the UGC Act.Patel had submitted that the recently-appointed committee comprises advocate Saurabh Amin who was nominated by the chancellor, Y P Singh appointed by the Central and Academic Council of Gujarat University and Dr Kamlesh Joshipura who was appointed from the joint board of VCs. The petitioner claimed that these appointments are not in accordance with the UGC Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300647", "title": "Shravani Mela brings business boom to Deoghar", "text": "Ranchi: Deoghar earns Rs 2,500 crore in 30 days during the Shravani Mela. Not only thousands of temporary and permanent traders and priests, even beggars become richer - thanks to the grand fair. The month-long earnings keep the district alive and kicking throughout the year, or almost.According to president of Panda Dharma Rakchhini Sabha Vinodutt Dwari, a devotee of the Baidyanathdham shrine on an average spends Rs 5,000. Around 50 lakh devotees have visited the temple this year.President of the Santhal Paraganas Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SPCCI), the main commercial and industrial body of Deoghar, Rajesh Rajpal said growing number of \"kanwariyas\" (devotees) were bringing more money. Deoghar SP Subodh Prasad said more than 1.5 lakh devotees had been visiting the temple everyday for the past 28 days. \"On Mondays, the footfall has gone well up to 2.5 to 3 lakh,\" said the SP.The \"pedas\", the main prasad of the festival, bring over Rs 70 to 80 crore alone. Former president of SPTarkeshwar Singh said on an average a person buys \"pedas\" worth Rs 150. Rajesh Mishra, a wholesaler, said over 700 temporary shops came up in the season. It should be added to 300-odd permanent \"peda\" shops situated around the shrine.The transport business is well over Rs 100 crore. According to a priest, a devotee on an average spends over Rs 200 on vehicles. Deoghar Bus Owners' Association (DBOA) president Dineshanandji said there was no denying the fact that the business boomed throughout the month.The food business is also well over of Rs 100 crore. A devotee spends around Rs 200 on food. Jeevan Prakash, the president of Deoghar Hoteliers Association, said, \"There are around 1,000 hotels and lodges in the city,\" Prakash added.The ganja business is of well over Rs 25 crore. \"This business is spread from Sultanganj to Deoghar. Although the narcotic is a banned, traders stealthily sell a packet of ganja for Rs 20. Almost 80% of male devotees use ganja,\" said a priest.The case with beggars is interesting who earn around Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore. A government official said over 10,000 beggars descended in the district during the season. It is considered a noble virtue to give alms generously during the holy month. Some professional agents of beggars are also involved in the business and they bring beggars from outside as well. On an average, one beggar fetches somewhere between Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 a day.The flower business is also attractive and earns over Rs 5 crore. All the 50-lakh devotees necessarily buy flowers.Deoghar Khudra Bayapari Sangh president Narayan Tibrebal said around 7,000 confectioners and shops of toys, garment, tea and snacks, utensils, flowers, prasad and stationery shops had come up around Baidyanathdham shrine. Rajpal said over 15,000 temporary shops came up along the 105 km trekking route from Sultanganj in Bhagalpur district for 30 days.The district transport department has collected around Rs 1.5 crore from toll taxes in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15302094", "title": "Tsunami mock drill takes Thoppayil by surprise", "text": "KOZHIKODE: People residing in the surrounding areas of Thoppayil beach were taken by surprise when the ambulance and fire and rescue personnel of the disaster management cell rushed to the beach on Tuesday. It took some time for them to realize that it was a tsunami mock drill.The drill was conducted in association with various government departments to assess the disaster preparedness of the community-based disaster risk reduction programme implemented by the United Nations Development Programme and the state government.Police, revenue, coast guard, fire and rescue service, health department and around 300 persons of the rapid action force, Jeevana (a non-government organization), and volunteers of Active Network Group of Emergency Life Savers (Angels) took part in the drill.The drill started with a tsunami alert. Soon volunteers and people started running helter-skelter for safety. Police and task force volunteers swung into action and carried the 'injured' to the nearby emergency medical relief camp and provided primary aid. They also carried the 'critically injured' to the nearby hospitals. The coast guard demonstrated how to conduct rescue operation on land and sea. The fire and rescue personnel demonstrated how to rescue people trapped under collapsed buildings and in high-rise buildings.Corporation mayor A K Premajam, district police chief G Sparjan Kumar, assistant divisional officer of the fire and rescue service Arun Bhaskar, assistant commandant of coast guard Yusaf Ali, Beach General Hospital surgeon Dr Asha George, disaster management deputy collector K M Pankajakshi and Thoppayyil councillor T Sujan attended the drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301504", "title": "Probe riot relief scam: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has directed the state government to conduct an independent inquiry to deal with the scam in the disbursement of relief to victims of the 2002 riots.A public-interest litigation (PIL) had been filed highlighting a scam to the tune of Rs 7 crore in granting of relief to the victims in Pandarwada of the Panchmahal district. On the basis of the PIL, the court has ordered an inquiry into the disbursement of compensation in the Khanpur block.In 2010, 14 government officials involved in the embezzlement - and 15 others from the taluka panchayat - were served with show-cause notices, and departmental inquiry was initiated against them under the monitoring of the high court.A division bench has directed the criminal court concerned to speed up the process of trial against the accused and complete the proceedings in six months.According to certificates issued by talati-cum-mantris, victims eligible for compensation in Khanpur were 325 in 2002. But in 2009, when a special relief package was announced by the Centre, the number rose to 346.In 125 cases, financial assistance was awarded to ineligible or non-existent persons. The PIL also claimed that many of those who had actually suffered in the violence were not given any compensation, as their names did not figure in the list of riot-affected persons. Instead, some government officials and claimants connived to lay false claims.A case was highlighted in which a couple - Kharadi Gulam Gani and his wife Jebun Gulam Gani of Pandarwada - received cheques issued to 27 persons. The value of the cheques was Rs 92,12,700. Though the cheques were required to be deposited in a nationalized bank, they were encashed through private firms which were paid huge commissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15307451", "title": "Adnan Sami loses more weight for his acting debut", "text": "He was down from 230 kgs to 85 kgs. And now Adnan Sami has lost another 10 kgs ...And he is growing his hair to shoulder-length. With reason. Ranbir Kapoor , move over. The new Rockstar in tinsel town is getting ready to hit the marquee. Adnan Sami's happiness after the divorce seems to be taking him into the most unexpected areas of celebration.Adnan is all set to play a musician who battles the bulge, bickering biwi, slithering super stardom everything from obesity to anonymity to finally emerge triumphant. Sounds familiar? Yes, the story is inspired by Adnan's own life. Plans to shoot a film where the Rockstar would make love not to the guitar but to the piano, were on the anvil for two years now.But Adnan had made himself a pledge about his acting debut. Confesses the new wanna-act Rockstar, \"I had promised myself I'd get into the next level of my career only after my divorce came through. Sometimes blessings are disguised in misery. The ordeal and the trial that I've gone through in the last two years made me lose the ten extra kilos that I needed to lose for my new avatar.\"For his acting debut Adnan will play an overweight musician coping with personal and professional crises and emerging triumphant. The project will be produced by Adnan.Interestingly, Adnan would be using prosthetics to look overweight in the earlier parts of the film. Says the musician, \"It's going to be an incredible journey back to my nightmarish encounter with near-death. But I am looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300126", "title": "Padil could be booked under Goonda Act", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Tuesday said that habitual offenders among those accused of moral policing in Dakshina Kannada district would be booked under the Goonda Act.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who is in-charge of the home department, made the announcement in the legislative council after opposition parties cried foul about some of the culprits involved in the 2009 pub attack in Mangalore.The DyCM defended the government's action, saying they had taken strict and prompt action. \"We have invoked strong sections under the IPC. We have done all that's necessary,'' he said. Of the total 27 accused, 15 have been arrested so far.He said it was not a rave party and police hadn't found any drugs. \"There were only beer bottles. We have information about the victims. If need be, we will investigate their background too,'' he said.Referring to the moral police's objection to the girls' way of dressing, he said the government has no say in public dress code. \"It is left to their parents and society. We cannot interfere,'' he said.Regulating home-staysThe state government is planning to bring an Act to regulate home-stays. R Ashoka told the legislative council on Tuesday that the legislation - Tourism Trade Act - would be enacted shortly.Referring to Saturday's incident, he said the owners of Morning Mist hadn't obtained permission from the deputy commissioner to run the place as a home-stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15303983", "title": "Spinning out silk from banana plants", "text": "MADURAI: Soon, one may be able to wear his/her favourite silk saris, dhotis and shirts that are spun not of a silkworm thread, but from the banana plant, which can now be threaded using a banana yarn separator.Invented by a Tuticorinbased mechanical engineer, K Murugan, the banana yarn separator machine was granted a patent in July 2012 after a sixyear-long wait. According to him, the large quantity of banana fibres that went waste in his hometown of Tuticorin prompted him to find a solution to use this product. The machine took shape after 40 unsuccessful attempts and in 2006, it bagged the L-Ramp Award of Excellence, a joint initiative of Rural Innovations Network and IIT-Madras.\"Almost every part of a banana plant has a use. The fibres from the plant are used to tie garlands and string flowers, the leaves are used for eating, the fruits and flowers are consumed and even the innermost part of the stem is edible and has rich medicinal properties. But, I have seen the plants being cut after the fruit is harvested and allowed to rot. This disturbed me, because it was not the best way to dispose it,\" said Murugan.So he set to work on his innovation. The stem of the banana plant has 15 layers, with the outermost used for tying garlands. The other 14 layers can be used for silk production. The fibre equals the silkworm silk, in lustre and tension strength, said Murugan.Dr Dev Pura, head, department of textile technology, IITDelhi and others who inspected his product certified it as an excellent invention and commended him for his efforts during their recent visit to Tuticorin. Once he gets the goahead from the department of biotechnology in New Delhi, Murugan says he can start his production.His machine can process 60 lakh banana plants per year and he says that two saris can be spun using the banana silk fibres from a single tree. It would be very eco-friendly and is adaptable to natural dyes. The Central Institute for Research on Cotton Technology has certified his silk as one of good quality with a tenacity of 37 gm/text.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "15302458", "title": "Money matters: It takes $5m to feel like a millionaire", "text": "SYDNEY: Millionaires don't feel rich until they reach the five-million-dollar mark, a new study has revealed.The study undertaken by Fidelity Investments found that 86% of today's millionaires did not consider themselves wealthy while growing up. Overall, the research revealed that the current millionaires are, on average, 61 years old with 3.05 million dollars in assets.Twenty-six percent of US millionaire respondents said that they would need an average of $5 million of investable assets to get wealthy feeling. That's a significant difference from 18 months ago, when 42% of the same group said they didn't feel wealthy, and that they would require 7.5 million dollars to begin to feel rich, the Sydney Morning Herald said.The report, which surveyed more than 1,500 respondents, also discovered 86% of millionaires in the US are self-made. Australia boasts of 179,500 millionaires.Out of those who are self-made millionaires, their top sources of assets included investments/capital appreciation, compensation and employee stock options/profit sharing. Those who were born wealthy were more likely to include inheritance, entrepreneurship and real estate investment appreciation as an asset source. In terms of investment strategies, the self-made rich were more likely to add equity investments, while those born wealthy typically had more real estate investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300524", "title": "Pragati Express to go via Panvel on a regular basis", "text": "PUNE: The Pune-Mumbai Pragati Express will now permanently run on Karjat-Panvel-Diva route instead of the Karjat-Kalyan route.Of the five inter-city trains that operate between Pune and Mumbai every day, Pragati is the only one to go via Panvel.The train route was first changed on an experimental basis on July 7 and since then the changed plan has been extended thrice. The route was permanently changed on Tuesday. Two other long distance trains from Pune that go via Panvel include the daily Pune-Manmad-Bhusaval train and the bi-weekly Pune-Ernakulam train. \"We have received a good feedback from commuters. Besides, they do not have an objection because there is no change in timings,\" said railways public relations officer Y K Singh.Vice-president of the Pune Mumbai Railway Pravasi Sangh Mangilal Solanki also welcomed the decision. \"Most commuters and pass holders are happy because they will now have better connectivity to places like Vashi and New Mumbai. The train has an additional stoppage at Thane, besides there is not much difference in the time it takes to travel the whole distance,\" Solanki said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15301956", "title": "No respite from power woes before 24 hrs", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Following the collapse of eastern grid besides the northern and north-eastern grid of power Grid Corporation, acute power crisis is prevailing in the division besides various states. Sources said power cannot be restored before 24-hours in view of tripping of the electricity generating units at different power producing projects including NTPC's power units at Kahalgaon and other places.The Bhagalpur division that has always seen severe power crisis despite of NTPC power unit at Kahalgaon, the collapse of power grids has triggered major power crisis in the recent times. Worst hit are government hospitals and establishments besides private households and business setups, where alternative arrangements for power supply from diesel generating sets are not available.Power Grid Corporation of India (PGCI) is the exclusive organization that supplies about 50% of generated power across the country with the dedicated transmission system. Nearly 50,000 MW of electricity is supplied through the three grids that collapsed.The northern grid covers nine regions - Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , J&K; and Chandigarh. Whereas six states covered by the eastern grid are West Bengal , Chhattisgarh , Bihar, Jharkhand , Orissa and Sikkim. The north-eastern grid connects Arunachal Pradesh , Nagaland , Assam , Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura. The collapse has left more than half of the country powerless, said sources.According to sources, the failure of eastern and north-eastern grid especially occurred due to unwarranted and excessive hurry besides without taking precautionary measures for restoring the northern grid so that power supply to the areas under it is resumed.Meanwhile, people have expressed great resentment on the power crisis that has compounded since Tuesday. The president of Eastern Bihar Industries association (EBIA) Mukutdhari Agarwal said some integrated plan for production and supply at local level should be experimented by the power generating units instead of having nationwide setup or so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300842", "title": "Vacancies force govt to seek fresh applications for Plus III", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The department of higher education has invited fresh applications for admission into Plus III courses following large-scale vacancies in degree colleges across the state. \"Around 40,000 seats in degree colleges are vacant. So we had to invite fresh applications to fill up the vacancies,\" a senior officer said.The new dates for submission of manual common application forms is August 8. The merit list based on marks secured in the last qualifying examination will be drawn up by colleges for the remaining seats and declared on August 14. Admissions will take place between August 21 and 23.\"The fresh applications have been from students, who have recently passed in the instant examinations conducted by the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE). We also have to give another chance to students who could not apply online during the normal admission period and to those who did not get any seat during online admission or got selected but could not take admission because there are huge vacancies in colleges,\" said higher education secretary Aparajita Sarangi.Official sources said there are 142,150 seats in 671 degree colleges of the state. For admission in Plus III courses, a total of 218,857 students applied online out of which 178,017 common application forms were submitted at nodal centres. Of them 102,466 students took admission through the first selection list and around 2,133 students took admission through the ST/SC extension selection.Earlier, the state government had announced that there will be no second selection and admissions will be done though first selection list and spot admission only. Classes in plus-III courses were scheduled to begin on August 1. \"Classes will begin as per the schedule on August 1. The students who will take admission later will join them after admission,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15299825", "title": "CCMC cracks whip on plastic, encroachments in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Determined to keep the city clean, the Curchorem-Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) has embarked upon a drive against plastic carry-bags, illegal encroachments and the sale of gutkha within the city. The drive began with a two-day intensive awareness campaign led by chief officer Agnelo Fernandes and chairperson Jasmine Braganza last weekend.\"During the drive, we educated the traders against stocking plastic bags below 40 microns and offering them to their customers. Most of the traders voluntarily handed over their stocks of plastic carry bags below the specified thickness, and gutkha packets as well,\" Fernandes told TOI.Once the required level of awareness is created, the CCMC will crack down against the violators with an iron hand, it was said.In an indication that no illegalities in the allotment of stalls at the SUDA market complex would be tolerated, Fernandes ordered sealing of 51 stalls. \"The 51 shops that were yet to be allotted to vendors were being used by unscrupulous traders. When this was brought to my notice, we sealed the shops and they are now in our possession. We will allot the shops through an open auction shortly,\" Fernandes said.Similar anti-encroachment drives carried out by the CCMC in the past had met with little success, as the vendors would return to their road side places once the drive lost steam. This time, the CCMC is planning to accommodate the road side vendors in the proposed hawkers' zone near the SUDA market complex.Confirming this, Fernandes told TOI that the area has been identified and the work of earmarking the spaces for the hawkers will be done on Wednesday. \"We will allow hawkers to sell their wares only within the spaces allotted to them. They will also be permitted to erect umbrellas,\" Fernandes said.The setting up of the hawkers' zone in the town is primarily aimed at clearing all illegal encroachments and to ease traffic congestion to a considerable extent, besides protecting the vendors from being at the mercy of the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299908", "title": "War over? Pawar, CM to chalk out drought relief", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who has been critical of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's style of functioning, will meet him on Wednesday to discuss the drought situation in the state.The state has prepared an action plan to tackle the drought situation. To implement it, the government needs Rs 5,975 crore, said co-operatives minister Harshvardhan Patil. Fifteen of the 35 districts in the state have received poor rains so far, affecting 11,000 villages. Most of the districts are in western Maharashtra and Marathwada.What is worrying the government is the recovery of crop loans. It has so far disbursed loans to the tune of Rs 14,000 crore to farmers in this financial year. Patil said the recovery will have to be rescheduled in the light of the drought situation. The state has decided against cloud-seeding as a similar experience carried out five years ago, which cost Rs 25 crore, came to naught.While Pawar will lead a delegation of officers from Krishi Bhavan, Chavan will be accompanied by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil, relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam, co-operatives minister Harshvardhan Patil and others for the meeting to be held at the Sahyadri guest house.The state will ask for an immediate release of 5 lakh metric tonne of foodgrains and Rs 500 crore for fodder. The supply of water through tankers and cattle camps will continue, said Patil. \"The kharif season has been wiped out and we will now concentrate on an early rabi crop. In areas, where there has been good rainfall, we shall concentrate on planting fodder for the animals which will need Rs 100 crore,'' Patil said. The state will also outline its plans for January to March when it will not only have to provide water and fodder but jobs as well, he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15301918", "title": "Attack victim's ear damaged", "text": "MANGALORE: The attack by moral vigilantes on revelers at a birthday party on Saturday has no doubt scarred the victims physically and emotionally. One victim, who was slapped hard, has perforations in her ear drum.The visual footage of Saturday's incident shows a girl being slapped hard on her left side of the head by a goon. The blow was so hard that the girl, who fell down on the bed, was lying and writhing in pain.After she retuned home, the girl had complained of buzzing in her ear. Her parents had not given so much attention, because they were also under stress. A relative took her to a doctor the next day. The doctor told her that her ear drum had been perforated because of the trauma.The parent, on condition of anonymity, said: \"Yes, she is suffering from ear perforation.\" Regarding whether he will lodge a complaint, he said: \"When it comes to investigation, my daughter will cooperate with the investigating officers. We will not file a separate complaint.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299014", "title": "Can MLA funds be used for private work, asks judge", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday questioned how the MLA fund can be spent for private works while hearing a petition which alleged that work of laying paver blocks on the playground of Bandra's Dureulo Convent is being done with it.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by parents of ex-students and also some former students alleging that the Society of Duruelo Carmelites, which runs the convent, had laid paver blocks on part of the 2,300-sq.m. playground.Their petition alleged it was done for the convenience of a caterer as the ground is rented for marriages and commercial events and is not for its 2,300 students. The petition said the work is being funded by local Congress MLA Baba Siddiqui. Also that repairs to the nuns' dormitory was also done with it. At an earlier hearing, the school submitted that paver blocks were laid on the periphery.When the matter came up for hearing on Tuesday, the school's advocate sought time to file its affidavit in reply to allegations in the petition. Petitioner's advocate Pradeep Havnur referred to the former principal Sister Dorette's statement in a press report where she said the work was carried as rain water seepage was weakening the foundation and the dust is affecting the students. \"She has also stated that the work is being carried out with the MLA fund,'' said Havnur. Justice Bobde asked, \"How these funds can be spent for private concerns?\" The judges, by way of 'last chance', directed that the school and even MLA Baba Siddiqui file their replies. The matter was adjourned to August 14, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15300429", "title": "Gold, cash worth Rs 6.5 lakh stolen in two burglaries", "text": "PUNE: Cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 6.51 lakh were stolen in two separate house break-ins at Tadiwala Road and Bavdhan on Monday.Minali Mangal Parmar (44) of Lonavla has lodged a complaint with the Bund Garden police station. In her complaint she stated that unidentified persons broke into her sister's flat at Tushar building on Tadiwala Road between 1 pm and 6 pm on Monday.They stole cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 5.1 lakh from a cupboard in the bedroom.Police said that Parmar had kept her gold ornaments worth Rs 4.8 lakh in her sister's flat. The Rs 30,000 the suspects stole belonged to her sister. The Bund Garden police are investigating further.The burglary at Bavdhan took place between 9.30 am and 2.30 pm, when complainant Kiran Prakash Patil (31) had gone out for some work.Unidentified persons broke into Patil's flat and stole gold ornaments worth Rs 1.4 lakh and Rs 1,000. Sub-inspector S S Shinde of the Hinjewadi police station is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15300729", "title": "Boy run over by truck", "text": "Lohardaga: A schoolboy was run over by a truck near Milan Chowk here on Tuesday. His left leg and waist was badly crushed in the incident. He was rushed to the sadar hospital from where doctors referred him to Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) in Ranchi for better treatment.Protesting the incident locals broke the wind screens of the truck bearing the registration number CG-04 JC 5561 that was on its way back to Raipur. The mob also tried to set the truck on fire but was prevented by police, said town police station in-charge RC Deogam.He said police have sympathy for the victim but no one can be allowed to violate the law. \"The matter is now part of investigation,\" he said.The victim, identified as Ashish Ram is a Class V student of Lutheran High School. He was returning to his house at Barwa Toli from a nearby market on his bicycle when the incident occurred. He is the son of Ranjeet Ram, a rickshawpuller.The truck belonged to Shree Balaji Cargo Movers, Raipur. The driver of the truck who took the boy to hospital was beaten badly by the locals, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15300591", "title": "Betters' racket busted", "text": "AMRAVATI: The city police nabbed a gang of persons betting on India-Sri Lanka cricket match on Tuesday.The police got a tip-off that Dinesh alias Ashish Marote, Rahul Mebnan, Vikki alias Harish Girani and Bhaiyya Gadwale were betting on the cricket match near Wadali locality. Frejarpura police rushed to the spot and caught Rahul who revealed the names of other accomplices.Police have seized a cash of Rs2.5 lakh from the accused and are investigating. ACP Shweta Khedkar said the accused were fixing deals on mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15299542", "title": "3-R mantra for water conservation", "text": "SURAT: With a deficient monsoon in the offing, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has started working on a major long term conservation plan for the water sources available at its disposal.With officials being unsure whether the Ukai dam will get filled to the level that it reaches every year, it has been decided to undertake an elaborate exercise aimed at recharging the water sources.\"Our major source of water throughout the year is Tapi river and Ukai dam built on it. Every year, the dam gets filled up to its rule level of 331 feet and we have no problem. But, we are doubtful this year,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer of SMC.\"It has to be realized that we can't only depend on the dam water. For the future we have to look at alternative sources and adopt methods like ground water recharging. We have started doing this at major facilities like Science Centre and zonal offices.\" said Shah.The city draws nearly 745 MLD of water on daily basis to fulfill the requirements of water for 45 lakh people. This requirement is likely to go up to 1400 MLD by 2020 when the city will have an estimated population of nearly 75 lakh.\"We are working on a plan under which we would be able to cope up with a dry situation for two consecutive years. Timely interventions are required before the effects of climate change become more pronounced,\" said Shah.International Council for Local Environmental Initiative (ICLEI) that advises SMC on sustainable development of the city and efficient water supply mechanism recently came out with a suggestion of double water lines for all the new buildings that are coming up in Surat.Imami Kumar, executive director of ICELI, South Asia , said, \"Long term planning is the only way out. State government should make double lining mandatory for all the new upcoming buildings to adopt reuse and recycling of water.\"Mahesh Desai, a former deputy director with Central Water Commission (CWC), told TOI, \"We have an aqua fur of 40 feet. Previously we used to get water in the city area by digging just 30 feet. But now we have to dig 70 feet. This 40 feet gap could be utilized. A 300 square metre space could conserve and provide you with 3 lakh litres of water.\" He said that the flood and rainwater that is allowed to gush out through the storm drains must be conserved.Besides working on a methodology that involves reuse and recycle of water, the SMC also plans to introduce water audit in the days to come. Officials claim that the plan being worked upon is elaborate and would be effective in scarcity situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302701", "title": "M S University shows door to Oriental Institute's 'copy cat' teacher", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) has debarred the 'copy cat' teacher, who was accused of plagiarism at Oriental Institute . On Tuesday, MSU's syndicate members decided to debar Milind Joshi from employment in the university for the next three years.Joshi was accused of plagiarism for the article he had published in an in-house journal of Oriental Institute. A probe committee appointed by MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh had found Joshi guilty of plagiarism and had recommended that the temporary teacher be debarred from holding any position in the university. During their meeting, the syndicate members also decided to initiate the process of affiliation for the Gotri Medical College ( GMC) as a special case since the college has been established by a society set up by Gujarat government. The members have resolved that this will not be treated as a precedent.A report prepared by affiliation committee that will be formed by Singh will be placed before the syndicate members in the next meeting and the senate for final approval.A new incentive-based scheme for the forthcoming faculty level and MSU Students Union level elections was also approved by the syndicate members. On the lines of Gujarat government's samras scheme for gram panchayats that opt for uncontested elections, MSU will also provide incentives ranging from Rs one lakh to Rs 50 lakh for development of faculties and union to student bodies if they opt for uncontested elections.In another decision, the syndicate members have approved a new scheme of governance of higher payment programmes. There will be a uniform framework of rules and regulations for these programmes. A proposal to appoint full-time teachers and non-teaching staff in these programmes on graded salary as per government rates has also been approved.A University Higher Payment Advisory Board will be formed as a supreme regulatory authority for the management of these programmes. A three-member committee will examine the proposed MoU between MSU and Microsoft Corporation for establishment of Microsoft Innovation Center at Faculty of Science while Singh has been authorized to accept the committee's report. The syndicate members have also approved two MoUs. The MoU between Department of Physics and Gujarat government's Centre for Entrepreneurship for starting six-month diploma course in skill development has been approved. Now, research and teaching programme in chip technology will commence at the department.Also, an MoU for providing consultancy to the Sardar Sarovar Nigam Limited by Faculty of Technology and Engineering's Department of Civil Engineering has been approved. Prashant Rajdeep of Baroda Medical College is new Jivraj Mehta Hall warden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15306671", "title": "For a fare ride", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has begun cracking the whip on errant auto drivers/owners in the city. It proposed on Tuesday the cancellation of another permit of an auto-rickshaw owner recently found with a tampered e-meter in Mulund.The Wadala RTO sent the proposaltostatetransportsecretary Shailesh Sharma on Tuesday morning and it is likely to be cleared (for permit cancellation) by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) in a few days, sources said. This will be the second such case in a week. The permit of an autoowner from Jogeshwari was cancelled permanently on July 25 andtheRTO gotthedriver and e-meter mechanic/dealer arrested.\"In the Mulund case, the driver was arrested under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code,\" said an officer from Wadala. \"We have now strong grounds to get the permit cancelled permanently, as evidence shows the owner got the e-meter tampered,\" he stated.Sharma, who heads MMRTA,will gothroughthe proposal on Wednesday, sources said. MMRTAwill also pass a ruleto stipulate only cancellation of permits of drivers caught; it means, the RTO will no longer impose fines or suspend permits, but directly send them for cancellation, sources said.\"It will be a serious deterrent. Anybody caught even once for tampering will be thrown out of business,\" the official stated. Every permitholder either drives the auto for one shift of 12 hours or gives it on rent for one/two shifts. The livelihood of two to three persons often depends on one auto. If the permit is cancelled, they become jobless overnight and this should be a huge deterrent, said consumer activist Sunil Mone.Commuters in the western and eastern suburbs have been complaining about rampant tampering of meters.State transport commissioner V N More said tampering should reduce after the recent crackdown and stringent punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299538", "title": "Driver kidnaps, rapes girl", "text": "JAIPUR: A 12-year-old girl from the Mahesh Nagar locality here was allegedly kidnapped and raped by the driver of her family. The victim was found in Alwar and a massive hunt is on to nab the accused, police said on Tuesday.According to the police, the victim was kidnapped on July 19 by a youth identified as Sanjay Sharma, who was working as driver at the residence of the girl. After the girl went missing , the parents raised an alarm and informed the Mahesh Nagar police. The police started their investigations but no got headway. A few days back, the government railway police (GRP), Alwar, found the girl near the Alwar railway station. The girl narrated her plight before the GRP officials who later intimated Jaipur police.\"A team was sent to Alwar to recover the girl. The accused is still at large,\" said an officer with the Mahesh Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299977", "title": "Students flood Karnataka Examination Authority Facebook page with their angst", "text": "BANGALORE: By Tuesday afternoon, Karnataka Examination Authority's (KEA) Facebook home page was flooded with messages from students and parents, complaining against private colleges demanding money for admission.SC, SNQ or general category candidates, private colleges had spared no one. Apart from posting their experiences on the KEA webpage, people were walking in with complaints.\"My son opted for GMIT College in Davanagere after getting CET rank 22,500. During counselling and document verification process, we submitted a demand draft for Rs 41,590 as tuition fee. My son went to the college to claim the seat and was surprised when the college authorities demanded Rs 16,000 more,\" says Manjunath, a parent.When Manjunath asked for a clarification, college officials said the fee is for surplus facilities like ID card, bus fare, lab facility and student safety fund. \"We were told that if the amount is not paid, the admission stands null. I was in no condition to take the chance, so I paid the amount. But after paying KEA Rs 41,590, I was left with no option but to borrow money from friends and get my son admitted to college,\" said Manjunath.The situation is worse even for candidates under reserved categories like Super Numerary Quota (SNQ) and SC quota. SNQ quota was introduced by AICTE this year for students with a parental income of less than Rs 4.50 lakh per annum. According to the rules, the tuition fee for such students is waived.Suprith Shetty, a student who got a seat under SNQ was also asked to pay extra money for admission. \"I've paid Rs 25,000 as college fee though I got the seat under SNQ. One of my friends, who got in under SNQ, paid Rs 30,900 as college fee,\" said .Sahana Shree, another SNQ student, posted on the KEA Facebook page: \"Though we get seats under SNQ, colleges are asking us to pay more than what others do. What is the use of the SNQ, sir? We feel happy when we get a seat under SNQ, but when we go to colleges and ask about the fee, we are disappointed and many of us are left with no option but to return empty-handed,\" posted Sahana.Students and parents were also curious if the money they have paid will be refunded or not. \"Some colleges in Davanagere have taken Rs 15,560 as tuition fee and we have already paid it. Will they refund it?\" posted .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15300068", "title": "Book on festivals create furore", "text": "BANGALORE: A circular asking schools to purchase a book on Indian festivals created furore in the legislative assembly on Tuesday.UT Khader (Congress) raised objection that the book titled \"Habba Haridinagalu\" (festivals) refers to only those festivals that are being celebrated by a particular religion and there was no mention of festivals of other religions. \"Government's idea of giving insight to schoolchildren on festivals is good. But we want a book on festivals of all religions and distribute them among students,\" he demanded.Primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri said the book was published by the Bharat Samskrithi Prakashana and was not mandatory for schools to purchase the book. \"Government is not printing or publishing the book. We will ask the publisher to include all festivals in the book,\" Kageri said.To another question on Metro/high speed rail, public works minister CM Udasi said the government will consider running Metro/high speed rail underground near government Flying Training School at Jakkur. Goolihatti D Shekar (Ind) said the present alignment of the metro and high speed rail to Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) would destroy the runway of the flying school, so the government should take up works underground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299417", "title": "Speeding car knocks down 2 women cops", "text": "MUMBAI: A Dadar resident was arrested on Tuesday after he allegedly rammed his car into a two-wheeler, injuring two women constables who were on it. The accused, Akshay Jain (45), was later released on bail.The incident occurred around 7.50am on in Worli. Constables Rupali Mhatre and Pallavi Bhapkar were on their way to work when a car rammed into their Scooty. \"Jain was speeding. His medical examination showed he was not drunk,\" said senior inspector (Worli) Dipak Pawar. Mhatre suffered injuries on her head and hands and Bhapkar on her right eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299272", "title": "\u2018Doctors harassed over paperwork not gender tests\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Two months after the state launched an offensive against doctors flouting the Pre-conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, medical associations claimed that data collated by them showed over 90% of the offences were 'clerical'. The legislation, on the other hand, is clear that any violation calls for penalty or punishment.If medical associations are to be believed, then a majority of the gynaecologists and radiologists have fallen foul of the anti-female foeticide law, particularly pertaining to Form 'F'. The PCPNDT Act mandates all genetic laboratories, genetic clinics, including ultrasound centres to maintain records. Form 'F' records identification data of the clients, menstrual history, genetic diseases, procedure or investigation conducted, the result of the procedure and medical advice. The Federation of Obstetrics and Gynecological Societies of India has complied information about 16 doctors charged for flouting PCPNDT Act and claimed not \"a single case was about sex determination\".However, doctors from across the state have been miffed about how many have landed up in police stations and faced harassment because of \"simple clerical mistakes\". A doctor from Akola said he was subjected to intensive questioning because he wrote 'NA' instead of \"not applicable\" in one of the Form F columns.\"Many doctors were pulled up for not maintaining an eight-column register,\" said Dr Balasaheb Deokar, secretary of Ahmednagar obstetrics and gynecology society. \"Many patients do not have phones in rural areas. But, authorities insist on phone numbers and count the form incomplete if it is absent,\" he said.A gynaecologist from Mumbai, who practices in Dharavi, said she was questioned several times over not mentioning proper dates pertaining to menstrual history. \"Most women who are uneducated rarely remember dates. However, authorities stated that my forms were incompletely filled,\" she said.However, activist Varsha Deshpande came down heavily on doctors. \"They will say the offences are minor but that amounts to non-maintenance or falsification of reports,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15300268", "title": "Overdrawal, grid indisciplineled to back-to-back grid failure", "text": "LUCKNOW: The power crisis that paralysed the 22 states and Union territories on Tuesday was not just because of overdrawal from the Central grid, but also gross mismanagement and grid indiscipline on the part of state power utilities. And once again it was apparently a snag in the transmission line near Agra, which eventually triggered the failure of the Northern Grid.While UP Power Corporation Limited officials refused to divulge the reasons for the failure, the sources said that the Power Grid Corporation of India located the failure in the Agra region. UPPCL managing director, AP Mishra, told TOI said that it was only after a proper inquiry that anything could be said. He also refused to accept that UP was resorting to overdrawal from the Central pool.However, sources said that the transmission lines were carrying almost double of the power load than the permissible limit. There were strong indications that it was Agra-Gwalior that went off, after which the entire load got transferred to the other transmission lines tripping them one after the other. The effect gradually transferred to the entire grid and it collapsed.The UPPCL officials maintained that the snag in the transmission lines originated also because of frequent changes in the frequency. When the grid collapsed on Monday, the frequency in the grid was detected to be above 50 Hertz, which was the maximum permissible limit.Experts claimed that an overdrawl at a high frequency did not affect the grid. However, there were frequent load shedding that led to frequent changes in the frequency, as a result the grid collapsed. At around 1.05 pm, the load was transferred to the eastern grid, even as the states continued to draw power resulting in its collapse as well.Interestingly, principal secretary (energy) and chairman, UPPCL, Anil Kumar Gupta, maintained that before the grid failure Uttar Pradesh was withdrawing only 40 mw more than the permissible limit . His observation ran contrary to the report of the power system operation corporation, which showed that the state was overdrawing nearly 1,500 mw (see graph). Gradually the transmission system pushed the entire northern region plunged into a severe power crisis.This is not all. The UPPCL, in a statement issued on Tuesday evening said that it was withdrawing 3339 mw from the central quota, which was permissible. Interestingly, the quota happens to vary according to the performance of the thermal power stations. On Tuesday, the power plants were not functioning up to the mark and therefore the allocated quota was reduced accordingly to 2500 mw only.Not surprisingly, Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , who was later shifted to the home ministry, was quick to point a finger at the UP government. However, authorities in UP were unwilling to buy the theory. Gupta said, \"The power systems of UP were stable without any emergency condition or any known abnormality. The grid frequency, which should be in the range of 49.5 and 50.2, was 49.7 Hertz,\" he said.Gupta added that the generation from the power stations owned by UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited was around 2,200 mw. As against this, the schedule supply from Central sector was 3,339 mw. He said that given the parameters at the time of grid failure, there was no reason to believe that any power operations in Uttar Pradesh triggered it.\"As far as power swing as a result of tripping of transmission lines is concerned, it will be investigated to ascertain the real cause,\" Gupta said, and added, \"Instructions have been issued to all engineers to make efforts to maintain grid discipline. We have also appealed to the consumers to save energy and prevent pilferage of power as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15299679", "title": "Couple held for running call-girl racket", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Tuesday evening busted a call-girl racket being operated by a non-Goan couple residing in Colva.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said they received reliable information that the Colva-based couple would be arriving in Calangute on Tuesday evening with two women to be \"delivered to prospective customers\".The police intercepted a Maruti van at Naikawado Clanagute and took the couple -Gausapak Jamadar, 21 and his wife, Mainaz Jamadar-into custody. Two women from the car-one from Mumbai and the other from Assam between the age group of 24 and 26 years-were rescued. The couple admitted that the the girls were to be delivered to prospective customers.The two victims were produced before the JMFC, Mapusa, in the presence of an NGO, Savera.The couple has been booked under the Immoral Trafficking of Women Act. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15303218", "title": "'Obama mom descendant of America's first black slave'", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama's white mother has descended from America's first black slave, a new study has claimed. A study of the DNA analysis, marriage and property records suggested that Obama is the 11th great-grandchild of John Punch, the first black slave living in colonial Virginia nearly four centuries ago.While it was known that Obama's mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, had European ancestors, researchers have now discovered that she also had at least this one African American forebear, Ancestry.com reported.John Punch was captured and condemned to a life of slavery in 1640 for escaping a home where he worked as a servant. The sentence which came years before Virginia set laws condoning slavery, has led historians to regard him as America's first legally sanctioned slave.Records show Punch fathered children with a white woman, who passed on her free status to them and gave them a slightly different name - Bunch. The team traced two Bunch family branches - one that stayed in Virginia and one that moved to the Carolinas. In North Carolina they were recorded as 'mulatto'. Descendants of these mulatto family are the president's cousins, records show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15301604", "title": "SC faults Odisha for clumsy handling of cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday criticized the Odisha government for paying little attention to the clumsy representation it had in pending cases that had significant importance to the state's revenue and natural resources.The state had gone unrepresented before the apex court in as many as 12 cases, including some related to mining issues, and the court had adjourned hearing to protect public interest though it had the discretion to dismiss them.But, finding that several adjournments did not improve the situation, a bench of Justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Mishra was forced to seek personal presence of the law secretary to explain the \"administrative deficiency\" on the part of his government.\"Non-appearance of your government before us reflects administrative deficiency in the state. We will treat it as misconduct on your part,\" the bench told the secretary, Debabrata Dash.His counsel, senior advocate P P Rao, blamed the earlier standing counsel of the state for the confusion and handed over a sealed cover affidavit detailing his mishandling of cases leading to his removal from the post on April 9.Rao said a resolution was passed on July 12 replacing him by another lawyer in all cases that were handled by him earlier for the state. However, the law department did not receive the case records which resulted in these being not allotted to other lawyers, Rao explained.But the bench questioned the three-month delay (between April and July) and said it amounted to \"dereliction\" on part of the officer concerned. \"At least half a dozen matters have come before us where the state counsel did not appear. We see through the things. I think it is a kind of modus operandi on part of the state government,\" said Justice Mishra.On learning that the secretary was a senior district judge in the Orissa Higher Judicial Service cadre posted in the law department on deputation, the bench wondered how the officer could be so callous in a case related to mining, where \"anybody can raise a finger on his integrity\".\"If he does not know how to handle litigation in the Supreme Court, what will be the position in lower courts,\" the bench noted. \"There is dereliction on your part in not making any lawyer appear. We had to take care of the case as if we are your counsel,\" the bench said before letting him off with a verbal warning on assurance that there would be proper representation for the state in all future hearings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ludhina", "code": "15303572", "title": "Power cut: Not again, cries Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHINA: Even before the city could come to terms with the northern grid-spurred blackout, Tuesday brought the agonizing memories back a tad too soon as electricity supply remained disrupted yet again till late evening. While this reminded Gurdev Nagar's Manpreet Singh of stories about powerless days that he had heard from his grandparents, BRS Nagar's Archana Sharma thought the blackout had catapulted them back to pre-Independence era.The chief engineer of PSPCL, Ludhiana, K L Sharma, had no encouraging words to offer. \"We were yet to come to terms with the earlier problem... but things just went worse. We have been told that some power is being released by the BBMB. But I can't comment on when things will normalize,\" he told TOI.With the snapping of power supply, residents had to face problems like insufficient water supply and disrupted rail schedule.\"Electricity continued to play hide-and-seek in the morning and then it went completely off for over three hours, before being resumed around 5pm,\" said Manpreet, a businessman.Used to working in the comfort of AC offices, many like business development manager Vasu Mohan, a resident of Civil Lines, found the day too hard to bear.Industry in agonyLudhiana industry, which is already reeling under crises, is suffering production losses to the tune of Rs 500 crore everyday,\" said Badish Jindal, the president, Federation of Punjab Small Industries Associations. \"Due to power failure, exports have been hit as we have been unable to fulfil our commitments. Exporters in the city are incurring a daily loss of Rs 40 crore. If the scenario continues for another five days, the customers will start going to China and once that happens, it'll be difficult to get them back. The world has already seen on international channels that 50% of the country is facing a blackout and this will affect FDI as well,\" said S C Ralhan, the president of Ludhiana Hand Tools Association. Talking to TOI, Vinod Thapar, the chairman of Ludhiana Knitwear Club, said, \"All big units of the textile industry in the city have already moved to the neighbouring states and if such problems continue, the small hosiery units will also be left with no other choice but to go in for an exodus. The government needs to provide a safeguard to the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299910", "title": "Maid dies after falling from employer\u2019s 15th-floor flat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 19-year-old domestic help died after she fell from a flat on the 15th floor of Iqbal Heights in Madanpura on Tuesday. The Nagpada police said they were investigating whether it was a case of an accidental fall or a suicide.The police have collected the CCTV images from the room from where Sana Razzaq is believed to have fallen off around 6.20pm.The security guard saw her falling down and informed the members in the building and the police. \"It is too early to confirm whether it is a case of suicide or an accidental fall. We have recovered the CCTV footage which will give a clear picture about the incident,\" said Nagpada police senior inspector Vinayak Savade.Sana was employed by businessman Abdul Hamid . \"She was the third maid servant employed by Hamid. She stayed at Agripada and used to come for work in the morning and leave in the evening. She was staying in the flat after the beginning of Ramzan,\" said Savade. \"The deceased was alone in the room when the incident occurred.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15297115", "title": "Populism kills", "text": "Mukul Roy and burning trainsThe fire on the Tamil Nadu Express, which killed 28 people, debunks claims of improved safety on the railways. The reluctance of rail minister Mukul Roy to attempt even a token visit to the site within 12 hours of the accident reflects his callous attitude to railway safety. Four train collisions have already claimed 40 victims in this year. In addition, there was a major derailment which claimed seven lives, and other run-ins which killed many more on the tracks and at level crossings. The figure for death on the tracks or inside railway compartments is on the rise, from 12,972 in 2010 to 14,670 in 2011.All these call for a radical relook of the ways in which railways can improve safety. The High Level Safety Review Committee has pointed out, in its report this year, that the railways need to spend at least Rs 1,00,000 crore over the next five years to put adequate safety mechanisms in place. But chances of that are scotched by relentless populism, as railway ministers have generally shied away from raising resources and preferred to subsidise rail fares.Roy is not original in this regard, he has taken after his mentor and erstwhile rail minister Mamata Banerjee . That he cannot even deign to be in Delhi for long periods, but prefers to run his ministry by remote control from Bengal, attests to the degree of seriousness with which he attends to his duties. When, in order to raise resources for the railways, his predecessor Dinesh Trivedi attempted to hike railway fares after a decade, Trivedi was drummed out of the ministry following pressure from Trinamool Congress . How long before our politicians realise that mindless populism kills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15301924", "title": "Woman cremated; lover held for murder", "text": "MYSORE: The death of a homemaker, who had eloped with her lover, came to light on Tuesday. District police have taken up a case of murder against her lover and his family.Preliminary investigation has revealed that Lakshmi, 25, died on July 23 and was subsequently cremated by Shivu, her lover, and his family in Beesanakuppe village in Periyapatna taluk.SP R Dileep told TOI that Lakshmi's death is shrouded in mystery as villagers claim she was beaten up and murdered while Shivu's family claims she committed suicide. Prime accused Shivu has been taken into custody while five others, including his parents, have been booked %for murder.The incident came to light on Tuesday after Lakshmi's father Honnegiri Gowda of Talaghattapura village, Bangalore rural district, visited Beesanakuppe as his daughter didn't' respond to their phone calls. When he could not find his daughter, he filed a police complaint against Shivu and his relatives. Lakshmi's 5-year-old son has been rescued. She took him along with her when she eloped.Bylakuppe police have taken up a case under IPC Section 302 (Murder) and section 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence). Police say as Lakshmi was cremated a week ago, they don't have any physical evidence to prove if she was murdered.Case historyLakshmi married Nagaraja in 2007. They lived with his parents and were working in a garment factory in Bangalore. Lakshmi got friendly with Shivu, who was working in a cable factory next to her factory. In 2009, they eloped. Lakshmi refused to return home. Recently she called her relative saying she wanted to come home, following which her father came to visit her on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300695", "title": "Central Mine Planning and Design Institute for scrapping of old power plants", "text": "RANCHI: Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI) chairman-cum-managing director (CMD) AK Singh has suggested for scrapping of the old power plants if the country wants to conserve its coal stock.The CMPDI chief said as per an estimate made by his officials the country can save at least 120 million tonnes of coal per annum. This assumes importance because the CMPDI is the pioneering agency in the country on mining and coal studies.\"All power generation units in the country should be replaced by super critical plants or super ultra critical power plants which have the capacity to use at least 45-50 per cent of the combustion energy of coal,\" Singh, a gold medalist in mining engineering from Indian School of Mines University, said.All existing power plants in the country only use 30-32 per cent of combustion energy of coal. \"It is important that the government take a stand on the matter at the earliest and save coal because the way things are moving in the country it will not be possible for both public and private sector companies to increase coal production to meet the requirement of power and steel companies,\" Singh said. At least 200 coal blocks allotted to private and public sector companies have failed to start production due to delay in environment clearance and land acquisition.He said India imported around 70 million tonnes of coal last year because coal companies in the country could not supply it. \"The fact is that we cannot not supply coal because of lack of infrastructure for evacuation from mines and not due to non-availability. Coal companies had 70 million tonnes of mined coal in pits but it could not be evacuated and transported due to lack of infrastructure,\" he said.Citing an example of poor infrastructure, Singh said the Central Coalfields Limited, a subsidiary of Coal India Limited , has failed to start mining operations from two major mines in Jharkhand as there is no rail link.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15303718", "title": "Corporation mourns \u2018death\u2019 of woman recovering in hospital", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation at an emergency meeting on Tuesday mourned the \"death of a woman\" who, it was later found, was very much alive.It all began when DMDK councillor K Sankar initiated a discussion on the menace of stray cows on the city streets. He was joined by DMK councillor G Sathiya Moorthy who said a woman was attacked by a stray cow on Monday and she was battling for life in a city hospital.Then, Sathiya Moorthy said, \"I have just received news that the woman I was referring to is no more.\" As silence prevailed, he continued, \"the House must accept responsibility for her death and must explore the possibility of giving compensation to the next of kin.\"Mayor A Jaya ordered the House to observing three minutes silence to mourn the death. All the nine resolutions meant for the day were passed in one go and the proceedings brought to a close. Immediately afterwards, news broke out that Roopavathy (60), who was attacked by a cow, was recovering well at the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital. AIADMK leader J Srinivasan said the party would take up the matter in the House seeking disciplinary action against the member who misled the House .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303523", "title": "Can\u2019t demand admission to school citing transfer, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The government rules relating to admission of students to schools by transfer or migration do not give any enforceable right to parents to demand admission as a matter of right, the Madras high court has ruled.Justice K Chandru, dismissing a writ petition filed on behalf of three minors, said even the provisions of the Right of Children for Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 (RTE Act) gave only limited scope as it was applicable only to LKG or Class I and not higher classes.The minors' mother G Pravina, who holds MBBS and law degrees, filed the petition complaining that a residential school in Yercaud had refused them admission. Noting that her husband was an Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officer posted in Maharashtra, she said though the children were studying in Maharashtra they were shifted to Tamil Nadu so that they could study in their mother tongue. The school conducted an entrance examination for the children, and later informed her that since they had scored low marks they could not be admitted.Besides violating the provisions of the RTE Act, the school failed to follow any reservation scheme and accommodate the children who are from a Scheduled Caste family, she said. The management also demanded 32,000 as fee which was way beyond the fee structure fixed by the statutory committee, she addedThe school, denying any demand for high fee, said it had already filled up all seats. It said that immediately after the RTE Act came into force, the school became the first institution in the state to approach the local bodies seeking students from weaker sections of society. It claimed that 25% of students in its LKG section were from poor families.Justice Chandru, concurring with the submissions, said: \"Merely relying upon guidelines issued by the state government with reference to the admission of students to school by transfer or migration, does not give any enforceable right on the part of the petitioner.\"Pointing out that the petitioner's children wanted admission in Classes IX, VIII and V, he said the RTE Act envisaged admission of children from weaker sections only in either LKG or Class I as the case may be. \"Section 12(1)(c) can be pressed into service only at the stage of admission to LKG or at the first standard and certainly not in the mid-stream admission as demanded by the petitioner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300715", "title": "HC deadline for disposal of cases related to encounter victims", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Tuesday ordered the state government to dispose all pending applications related to claims of civilian death in cross-firing between security forces and rebels by December 31. According to the law, the state government has to make provisions to pay Rs 1 lakh to the kin of those killed in crossfire. The ordered was passed by a division bench headed by chief justice Prakash Tatia while disposing the petition filed by one Gopi Nath Ghosh in May last year.Anup Kumar Agarwal, advocate of the petitioner, said that the court has also asked the government submit the status report on the matter by the second week of January 2013. \"The petition was filed by Ghosh after he found out from various sources that around 200 such applications were pending and government had not yet compensated the kin of victims,\" said Agarwal. The court also ordered the Union government to file a status report on such applications pending before it by September 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299738", "title": "E-tenders for sand mining from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The government will adopt the e-tendering system for sand mining from August, said Swadheen Kshatriya, principal secretary, revenue and forests.In 2010, the revenue department had directed all collectors to use e-tender for sand mining deals. Collectors of Yavatmal, Nanded and Nagpur then experimented with the system. Kshatriya said that at a conference of collectors and divisional commissioners last month, three collectors had made a presentation of the system they adopted to award sand-mining contracts.\"Yavatmal collector Shravan Hardikar had used e-tendering. Not only was it transparent, it also increased the district's revenue from sand mining. It was higher compared to previous years. All collectors and divisional commissioners voted for the Yavatmal pattern,'' said Kshatriya. So, the government has decided to implement e-tenders for sand mining in all districts from August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15302700", "title": "VMC-GAIL city gas JV's shareholding finalised", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) and GAIL (India) Ltd have reached an agreement over asset valuation and the shareholding pattern for the joint venture for the city gas distribution company. Both the companies will now have an equal share in the company that has been christened as the Vadodara Gas Company.VMC was the first civic body in Asia to start distributing piped gas through its gas project. In 2009, the civic body had entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with GAIL for the JV. The general board of the VMC and the board directors of GAIL had also given a formal nod for the project.Initially, it was proposed that 26 per cent of the equity will be with GAIL while 24 per cent would be held by VMC while the remaining 50 per cent will be with strategic partners and financial institutions. \"It has now been decided that we will have an equal stake in the company,\" said VMC project engineer (gas) Shailesh Nayak. The apprehensions regarding a possible very low assessment of VMC's assets in the asset valuation process have also been taken care of as the assets of the civic body have been valued at Rs 107.23 crore. The assets of GAIL are valued at Rs 107.86 crore.The detailed proposal will now be put before the general board of the civic body. Once it gives a nod, the proposal will be sent to the state government for a final nod. Nayak said that the GAIL board will also take up the matter on its agenda before signing the dotted line.As per the present agreement, a GAIL director will hold the post of the chairperson for the first two years following which a VMC official will take over for an equal period. The position shall remain in rotation in a similar way. The managing director of the company will be form GAIL while the director (commercial) will be from the civic body. The board for the JV company will have three members each form VMC and GAIL.In the wake of the finalisation of the nitty-gritty of the JV, it can now be expected that the new company will take off soon. Against 75,000 gas connections in the city presently, it is expected that the number will be more than double in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15302618", "title": "New construction stayed till Aug 21", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday reiterated its earlier ban on usage of underground water for construction work and fixed August 21 as the next date of hearing.A division bench headed by Chief Justice (acting) Jasbir Singh directed the Gurgaon deputy commissioner to hold a meeting with the Central Ground Water Board to constitute a committee for checking the illegal borewell connections used for construction work in the city. Directions have also been issued to ensure all the authorized borewell connections in the city are equipped with meters. The HC further directed the state government to inform the court about the main source of water for construction work in the city and how the authorities concerned plan to tackle the water woes in Gurgaon. The authorities will also have to inform the court about the total requirement of water for the city and how much out of that is required for construction work.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench on Tuesday, principal secretary, department of Town and Country Planning Haryana, S S Dhillon, secretary, local bodies, Ram Niwas and other senior officers of Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) were present in person before the court.Apparently miffed with the attitude of the departments for their failure in keeping a check on misuse of groundwater in Gurgaon by builders, bench observed that the state appears to be hand in glove with them. On a query from the bench, S S Dhillon informed the court that around 628MG underground water was being used every day in Gurgaon, the bench observed that if the exploitations of underground water continue to this extent, there would not be a single drop of water in Gurgaon by 2017.The bench also observed that the misuse of groundwater could not be checked without a strong will from the state authorities. While fixing August 21, as the next date of hearing, the bench also directed the authorities to inform the court about the total requirement of water for the city and how much out of that is required for construction work. The matter had reached before the court through a bunch of petitions filed by Qutub Enclave Residents' Welfare Association and others alleging that the builders in Gurgaon were illegally extracting underground water and using it for construction purposes, because of which the level of underground water has gone down.In the earlier order, the court had restrained the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) from issuing new licences to developers in Gurgaon unless they give an undertaking that groundwater would not be consumed for construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308633", "title": "Diljit set to return with Back To Basics!", "text": "International Punjabi superstar Diljit Dosanjh recently announced on his Facebook account that he will be returning with a brand new album. Titled 'Back To Basics' - the album is set to be produced by highly acclaimed Tru Skool. 'Back To Basics' will be Diljit Dosanjh's first full album since 'The Next Level' - which released in Autumn 2009.Diljit has been no stranger to controversy of late. His last album 'Urban Pendu' was scrapped for release, among criticism from fans that his style had become too raunchy and explicit alongside Honey Singh. Diljit released his dharmik album in April earlier this year, titled 'Sikh'.More recently Diljit has found huge success as an actor, with movies such as 'Jihne Mera Dil Luteya' and the huge sucess of 'Jatt and Juliet'.'Back To Basics' is will release this Sept/Oct worldwide.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303477", "title": "Arsh\u2019s dad arrives for his cremation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ashwani Bhatia, the father of Arsh Bhatia, who succumbed to his injuries on Monday, would reach the city from US in wee hours of Wednesday to cremate the body of his 19-year-old son.Arsh's sister, Muskan, who had already bought a rakhi for him, was in a state of shock, when Arsh's body was brought home. Though Ashwani, who runs a department store in US, has constantly been in touch with her, nothing could alleviate her pain.Arsh was injured in a freak road accident when a Chevrolet Beat , in which he was sitting on front seat, hit the road divider and crash landed on the official vehicle of senior IAS officer of Haryana cadre Keshni Anand Arora on July 28.The daughter of IAS officer, Revati, who is also injured, had returned from USA on the same day and is recuperating in ICU ward of PGI. The condition of IAS Keshni, her daughter Revati is stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299086", "title": "20 minutes after birth, twins stopped moving", "text": "MUMBAI: Parvinissa, who lost the premature twins she delivered on Pratapgarh Express while on her way to the city from UP, was accompanied by her mother Saidunia and her mother-in-law Sajrunissa. Around 11 am on July 20, Parvinissa unexpectedly went into labour and delivered twins when the train was approaching Kanpur station. The two babies, a boy and a girl, were weak but the women did not know whom to approach for help. \"About 20 minutes after they were born, the twins stopped making any movement. A frightened Parvinissa called up her husband, who said he would board the train as soon as it reached Kalyan and take her to hospital,\" a police official said.Around 4.30am on July 21, the train reached Kalyan and Sakir got into the S-3 bogie. \"At Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), the family hailed a cab and rushed to Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central. But their twins were declared dead on arrival. Doctors informed the Agripada police nearby, who recorded the couple's statements and registered a case of accidental death. The papers were then transferred to the Kurla railway police in whose jurisdiction LTT lies,\" said senior inspector S Dhumal of the Kurla railway police.The husband and wife have since returned to their hometown in UP to conduct the last rites of the infants. The police, who say that they were not informed by Sakir or his family members about the twins' deaths between Kanpur and LTT, are waiting for him to return to gather more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300740", "title": "Cops refuse to buy bag-snatch story of Ranchi businessman", "text": "RANCHI: Police doubt the intention of the businessman whose bag containing Rs 13 lakh was snatched away at one of the busiest streets here on Monday.A senior police officer said the businessman was lying that his bag contained Rs 13 lakh. \"We have verified his documents. He did not withdraw any money from the bank on Monday,\" he said. He withdrew the money on Friday and Saturday.Pramod Kumar, the businessman, had produced documents to claim that he had to pay Rs 13 lakh to ICICI bank's Pandra branch to repay a home loan. \"Today (Tuesday) was the last date of depositing the money. The man has faked the incident to extend his deadline with the bank,\" said a police officer.An FIR was lodged in this connection on Monday. The man was interrogated by police on Tuesday also. \"He is also unable to specify the sources from where he brought the money. Few of the sources, which he has established, are not reachable by phone,\" said the police officer.\"The case is being investigated further,\" said Arvind Sinha, inspector.Kumar, however, claimed that police were not cooperating with him. \"They have decided not to believe me. I had to pay the money today against a house loan. My house at Ratu Road will be auctioned otherwise,\" he said.The businessman owns a water-bottling factor at Tantisilwai. He has recently purchased a house at Ratu Road.Kumar had reportedly collected the money from his clients in the city and was on his way to deposit it in the bank. His motorcycle was punctured at H B Road and when he went to a garage to get it repaired, his bag was snatched away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15299626", "title": "CAG asks for realistic budget estimates", "text": "PORVORIM: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) report for 2010-2011 has pointed out that several departments of the Goa government submitted unrealistic budget estimates during the appropriation bills passed.The CAG report which was tabled on Tuesday in the house has castigated these savings claiming that 'all departments should submit realistic budget estimates, keeping in view the trends of expenditure and the actual requirements of funds'.In most of the cases the budget estimates were either overestimated or underestimated. There were five grants/appropriations in which no expenditure was incurred and the entire amount was surrendered by the departments concerned in the last month of the financial year.\"Last minute fund releases and issue of re-appropriation/surrender orders at the end of the years should be avoided,\" said CAG. The report said surrender of funds should be done much before the closing of the financial year so as to enable the government to utilize the money on other schemes.The government should take steps to ensure better value for money in investments. Projects which are justified on account of low financial but high social-economic returns may be identified and prioritized.With revenue arrears being 14.09%, the government needs to step up recovery said the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301887", "title": "Sufi saint's kin had claimed they owned Mughal palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shah Jahan's Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug had seen a queer legal battle in the British courts over its ownership in 1847, exactly 100 years before the country became independent. In 1677, the palace and the elaborate Mughal gardens were gifted by Aurangzeb to a Sufi saint Hazrat Sheikh Yahya Chisti Auliya.The petitioner, Kazi Mehmood Mian Chisti was a resident of Shahpur and had appealed to the Ahmedabad collector to restore the rights of the property to him, based on Aurangzeb's 'Bakshishnama'. He claimed to be one of the descendants of the Sufi saint. The Shahibaug property was located in the then Maksudhpura area during Mughal rule.Aurangzeb believed in Sufism and followed the Naqshbandi-Mujaddidi order. He was a disciple of a Khwaja Muhammad Masoom. It was for this reason that the Mughal emperor did not think twice before gifting the palace and the stately buildings around it to this Ahmedabad-based saint. The property was to be used for the activities of the Sufi order. Aurangzeb, himself, was a prolific writer of letters and commentaries on religious petitions.\"The collector had turned down Chisti's application as the prevailing British laws required that the owner be in possession of the property for at least 40 years. The property transfer had taken place according to the Persian document on November 13, 1677,\" says historian Rizwan Kadri.According to the Persian document produced by Chisti, Aurangzeb's Bakshishnama has mentioned a donation of the 1.02 crore square feet land of Shahibaug, including the palace, Mughal gardens and stately buildings around the palace to the Sufi saint. The donation was made on the completion of 22 years of rule of Aurangzeb and on the 22nd day of Ramzan.However, after Chisti there was no one to contest the case in the courts in Ahmedabad and the palace was taken over by the British government. The property was later transferred for protection under the British Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in 1928.\"A large part of Shahibaug which had a garden spread over 105 acres had been damaged during floods during the time of Nizam-ud-Daulah. Shahibaug lost its trees and elaborate gardens during the Maratha period when it faced a lot of neglect. It was said that the tall trees began from Shahibaug entrance to Hajipur road,\" says Kadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15300031", "title": "Madurai doctor held for molesting teenage patient", "text": "MADURAI: A 52-year-old doctor, who allegedly molested a 16-year-old girl who came for treatment to his hospital, was arrested by the police late on Monday night.Police said, the girl Radhika (name changed), studying plus one from Sholavandan had approached Dr Shankarnarayanan of K K Hospital in Bypass Road in Madurai a few days ago, as she was suffering from fever. She was accompanied to the hospital by her sister. The doctor, who diagnosed her fever to be typhoid prescribed two injections per day and asked her to come to the hospital in the morning and evening.On Monday, the girl had come to the hospital at around 5.30pm during which the doctor administered some fluids. But suddenly the girl rushed out shouting that the doctor abused her. Since the girl's sister had gone out to a shop near the hospital at the time of the incident, the general public and the patients came to her rescue. The doctor, on the other hand locked himself up in his room and refused to come out.As people started gathering in large numbers and protested in front of the hospital, a police team led by deputy commissioner Thirunavukkarasu rushed to the spot. They forcibly brought out the doctor by breaking the door as he refused to come out despite several pleas.S S Colony police arrested the doctor and registered a case under Sections 376, 341 and 506(1) of the IPC. Both the doctor and the girl were subjected to medical examination on Tuesday.Dr Shankarnarayanan resides on the ground floor of his 20-bedded hospital, with his family. Both his son and daughter are medical students. Police said that medical practitioner was accused of a similar crime when he served in Usilampatti, eight years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303454", "title": "IITs, IISc to help grads get better insight into subjects", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon, engineering graduates in the country will be able to get rid of the 'unemployable' tag they are marked with now. The National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning (NPTEL), an initiative of the IITs and IISc to provide e-learning for basic science and engineering students, plans to offer certification courses that will help students become job ready.\"We are looking to enhance the employability criteria of the 500,000 students passing out of our colleges annually. The students will have the fundamentals taught to them more clearly with demos too,\" said professor Mangala Sunder Krishnan, web coordinator of NPTEL at IIT-Madras. The certification courses are set to come up in a couple of months with the decision-makers yet to meet formally. But corporate trainers have sent out feelers to industry for inputs to see what students are expected to know.Professor Krishnan said that while the certification will carry the IIT brand, NPTEL was also looking to collaborate with corporates for evaluation and mentorship. \"NPTEL will decide on the academic requirements of candidates who want to get the certification. We want to offer it to a large number of students,\" he added.Some of the courses being considered for certification include programming, algorithm and data structures in computer science and basics of electronics and communication engineering, digital circuits and VLSI. Besides these courses, NPTEL offers 260 courses in engineering, science and humanities, and hopes to achieve a target of more than 1,200 courses by year-end or the beginning of 2013.NPTEL also allows universities to map their curriculum with the content available on www.nptel.iitm.ac.in free. For instance, Anna University can put up a link on the website connecting to a repository of all the course content in its curriculum.The new courses also come with quizzes and assignments, seen as a step towards developing a virtual university, said Usha Nagarajan, principal project officer, NPTEL.Faculty associated with NPTEL said they would like to see more students making use of the free facility that can help explain concepts clearly. \"We find the courses are very popular with students appearing for GATE. At least 50% of the six lakh are aware of the courses, and around three-fourths of the postgraduates looking to join IIT-Madras have looked at them. We hope to see more undergraduates benefit from them,\" said institute co-ordinator with NPTEL professor Andrew Thangaraj.As professor Krishnan puts it, \"we have shown that we are ready to offer everything we teach students in IIT. It is now up to people out there \u2014 corporatea, students, faculty and institutions \u2014 to make the most of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298886", "title": "Minister rules out rise in land market price", "text": "HYDERABAD: Quashing all speculation about an increase in market value of land in the state with effect from August 1, minister for stamps and registrations, Thota Narasimham, on Tuesday said that the matter was still under consideration. Speaking at the curtain-raiser of the Andhra Pradesh Real Estate Developers Association's (APREDA) third property show, scheduled to be held in the city on November 10-11, the minister said, \"No decision has been taken yet on revising the market value. The subject is still being debated.\"For the last few weeks, AP's realty industry has been abuzz with rumours about a steep rise in market value of both urban and agricultural land in the state. It was reported that the districts were likely to see a near 60% jump in values post this revision.APREDA's upcoming property show is likely to have close to 198 stalls by various industry players and attract a footfall of over 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15298929", "title": "Telugu Desam Party, Telangana Rashtra Samithi to boycott vice-presidential poll", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sticking to the same policy they adopted for the Presidential election, both the TRS and TDP are likely to abstain from the vice-presidential poll slated for August 7.While the TRS had decided to stay away from the presidential poll to register its protest against the anti-Telangana stand of the UPA government, the TDP chose to maintain equal distance from the Congress and the BJP and abstained from voting. Now, the parties are apparently set to repeat the show in the vice-presidential poll where UPA candidate Hamid Ansari and NDA's Jaswant Singh are the major candidates.Somireddy Chandramohana Reddy, a former minister and senior TDP leader, said, \"The criterion remains more or less the same as in the presidential poll as we see corruption in the UPA government as the main issue and we don't want to associate with the BJP under any circumstances. However, the party politburo meet will take a final call on the issue.\"On the other hand, the TRS is nursing the hope that the UPA government would come out with a clear stand on Telangana before the poll and the party has taken an official stand that it would boycott the vice-presidential poll in case nothing positive comes from Delhi on the issue before the election. \"We expect the UPA government spells out its stand before the poll, hopefully a positive stand, and in case it is not so, we will stay away from the voting as there is no question of supporting the BJP candidate,\" said Dr. Sravan Dasoju, a politburo member of TRS.In the electoral college comprising the members of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, the TDP has 11 votes- six from the lower house and five from the upper while the TRS has two seats in the Lok Sabha. Considering their miniscule representation in Parliament, the loss of the TDP and the TRS votes will have no impact on the outcome of the VP poll, but it is significant for the parties as they want to leverage the opportunity to send a clear political message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15300379", "title": "Top honour for Presidency mentor group member", "text": "KOLKATA: He is one of the finest physicists the country has ever had. In his illustrious career, he has received many accolades from many prestigious institutions. And now, his recognition found a new height with the $3-million Yuri Millner Fundamental physics prize coming his way. He is one among the nine physicists who have received the award. From next year, the prize will be awarded to only one individual.Ashoke Sen, professor of physics in Harish Chandra Research Institute, Allahabad, was ecstatic after receiving the news of his latest achievement. \"It is gradually sinking in. Awards are always special since they mean recognition of hard work,\" Sen beamed. The theoretical physicist is also a member of Presidency University's mentor group, which is chaired by Harvard professor Sugato Bose. A student of Presidency College, Sen did his post graduation from the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur. He received the S S Bhatnagar award in 1994 and in 2001, he was conferred with Padma Shri.Sen has been credited for making significant contributions in the field of string theory. In fact, his landmark paper on strong-weak coupling duality gave a new direction to research in the field. Besides, he has also co-authored many important papers on the string theory. Of his 200-odd research papers, 47 have over 100 citations each.Elated with the success of Sen, Presidency University vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said, \"He has made great contributions to the field of string theory, including the duality symmetry string theory that has resulted in great advances in his domain.\" When TOI contacted education minister Bratya Basu, he said, \"This is indeed great news. He will inspire many students of this generation to take up research work.\"Sen was a pioneer in the study of unstable D-Branes. The Sen Conjecture on open string tachyon condensation on such branes is now famous in the world of physics. His description of rolling tachyons is influential in string cosmology. Among the physicist's recent contributions is the entropy function formalism for external black holes and its applications to attractors. The professor's current research is focussed on the attractor mechanism and the precision counting of microstates for black holes in string theory.\"I would like to utilize the prize money to fund education of children,\" Sen said, adding, \"The award was announced last week. The amount has already been transferred to my account.\" Incidentally, this is one of the awards with the highest prize money. Even a Nobel Prize recipient receives $1.2 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15302670", "title": "Power continues hide &amp; seek game", "text": "NOIDA: Residential, commercial and industrial sectors continued to bear the brunt of the power grid failure for the second day on Tuesday. Till 6pm, Noida and Greater Noida faced a complete blackout. All essential services were found running on back-up systems, including the district hospital in Sector 30.Power supply was restored to around 40% both in Noida and Greater Noida after 8.30pm. However, power distribution companies were advised by Lucknow not to draw excess load from the grid for the time being and to withhold supply to industries till the grid became completely healthy. Samarjeet Mohanty, deputy manager of Noida Power Company Limited, said, \"We have ensured supply to our special feeder line for water pumps so that water distribution is not hampered. Supply to hospitals has also been restored.\"Residents complained that the cascading effects of the past two days has led to them running huge bills as they have been accessing power in the last 40 hours through back-up systems. While most independent residences ran on inverters and generators, services in high-rise residential societies were provided through power back-up systems.\"We are being charged Rs 11.50 for every unit of electricity consumed through the back-up system,\" said a resident of Emerald Court housing society in Sector 93. \"While we cannot avoid paying for essential services like lifts and water supply from borewells, we have rationed our individual consumption to avoid huge costs. No ACs, less fans and TV only when required,\" he added.Industries with a 24-hour cycle were most affected as they continued facing losses. Most such industries shut down completely. By Tuesday evening, around 25% industries were forced shut down due to shortage of diesel in the market which disabled them from running generator sets. The Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association (IIA) informed that around 4,000 industries came to a complete halt.\"There is shortage of diesel and most industries could not run generators today. Those who have generators placed outside their premises refused to run them due to incessant rains,\" said SP Sharma of IIA (Greater Noida). With no power supply for the past 40 hours, the industry body in Noida claimed to have had losses of over Rs 300 crore. Orders were also cancelled by industries as there was no word when Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) would restore supply.Power firm officials said industrial sectors could not be assured of power till the next 36 hours.\"Industries have to wait for the grid system to get completely healthy. As soon as we get supply, we will ensure it first for essential services and residential sectors,\" said superintending engineer of UPPCL, CL Gupta.Motorists, however, were spared the agony of waiting for roads to clear as few jams were reported. The traffic department says that as most traffic signals are solar powered, the lights were working. To avoid major traffic snarls, the district administration and traffic police deployed staff at all 16 non-solar powered traffic junctions as soon as power supply was cut off. The situation in Greater Noida was also under control and a regular fleet of UPSRTC buses helped balance the spill over crowd from the Metro.Traffic inspector Dharmendra Yadav said, \"As soon as we got to know that Metro services had been halted, we prepared for the traffic to spill over onto the roads. The rains added to some chaos, but we could manage things smoothly.\"The commercial sector, like shops and malls, had no choice but to resort to running gensets through the day. Most mall authorities said that they had \"adequate power back up\" to ensure that power supply remained uninterrupted.\"Those who have gensets are using them in spite of it turning out costlier and adding to pollution levels. But if the state does not help us, what choice do we traders have? Some shops in Sector 18 market had inverters but those ran out and soon they drowned in darkness,\" said Kedar Bansal, president Sector 18 traders' association.\"Besides the power grid failure, Noida witnesses regular power cuts even otherwise and we are forced to regularly use gensets. The government must find a permanent solution,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15308315", "title": "Former dakshina Kannada district youth Congress leader Bondala dies in tragic accident", "text": "MANGALORE: The district on Tuesday night lost a young Congress leader when Bondala Jagannath Shetty (43), who had held the DK district Youth Congress president's post for about eight years from 2001 to 2009, died on the spot when his vehicle collided with a gas tanker near Panemangalore on late Tuesday night.Popularly known as Bondala among his friends and party workers, he became the general secretary of Karnataka Youth Congress committee in 199, and general secretary of Karnataka state youth INTUC the same year. In 2000 he held the post of conveyor of KSRTC Employees Union (INTUC) Mangalore Division, and went on to become president of DK Youth Congress in 2001, a post he held till 2009. He contested the 2008 assembly elections from Puttur and lost to Mallika Prasad of BJP by a slender margin. Born on April 1, 1969, he studied at Sharada High School and Mangalore University.Many prominent leaders in the district have mourned the death of Bondala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15303227", "title": "Power grid failure: 40 crore Indians still in dark age", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the lights went out again on Tuesday afternoon, Twitter lit up with outrage from north Indians, the vast majority of them from Delhi.But across large swathes of the north and east, the outage went almost unnoticed \u2014 it was just another day of being powerless in India.Data from the 2011 Census shows that just 67.2% of Indian households use electricity as their primary source of lighting, meaning some 40 crore Indians get little or no power on a regular basis.Moreover, 35 crore of those deprived of power live in the 21 states and Union territories which were struck by Tuesday's blackout. So while 68 crore people were technically without power for those few hours, more than half of them would scarcely have been able to tell the difference. Almost all of these families, the census data shows, use kerosene instead to light their homes.Over 21 crore of these people with little or no electricity belong to two states alone \u2014 Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Just 16.4% of households in Bihar use electricity to light their houses and just 10% in rural Bihar, while this proportion is 36.8% in UP. Among the other states with abysmally low electricity access are Assam (37%), Odisha (43%), Jharkhand (46%) and West Bengal (55%).In contrast, in western and southern India, which were unaffected on Tuesday, all states (except Maharashtra at 84%) have over 90% of their households using electricity as the main source of lighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308175", "title": "As fast enters 8th day, Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal, Gopal Rai's health worsens", "text": "NEW DELHI, With government showing no inclination for talks to end their stir, a worried Team Anna today held discussions among themselves on the way ahead even as the health of fasting Arvind Kejriwal and Gopal Rai worsened.The team held two rounds of talks at the protest site of Jantar Mantar, where Anna Hazare's fast entered the fourth day and that of Kejriwal, Rai and Manish Sisodia entered the eighth day.After being advised hospitalisation, Kejriwal had yesterday warned the government against using force to remove him and his associates from the protest site.Addressing protesters this morning, Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas said the health condition of Kejriwal and Rai was serious. \"The whole country is concerned about their health,\" he said.The crowd count in the morning was low as rains kept the protesters away from the venue.Concerned over the deteriorating condition of the activists, the team went into a huddle this morning on the future course of action.Asked what they are planning to do, a Team Anna member said, \"Wait and watch.\"Miffed over government not initiating any dialogue process, Hazare yesterday ruled out talks with even the Prime Minister to end their stir. He also threatened to return Padma Bhushan bestowed on him as protest.Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan targeted government for not initiating a dialogue with Team Anna alleging that they want people like Hazare to die so that they can continue to loot the country.\"Government said they were not ready to talk to us. This is their attitude. They have utmost disrespect for people. They want people like Anna, Arvind, Manish and others to die so that they can continue their loot,\" he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15300919", "title": "Rain fails to cheer up farmers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The rain triggered by the cyclonic circulation has failed to cheer farmers though it reduced the state's rainfall deficit by 3% to 11 (491.6 mm) against normal rainfall of 550.5 mm during this monsoon so far. \"We were expecting that this system intensifies and brings heavy rain helping agriculture activities to pick up. But the system disappointed us though it brought some relief to the farming community,\" said an officer in the agriculture department. He said rainfall deficit has been reduced in 13 out of 30 districts to some extent. \"We can overcome the present rainfall deficit and also the fear of drought-like situation if such rain continues,\" the government officer said.There has been 18 cm of rainfall in Kesinga, 10 cm each in Panposh and Binika, nine cm each in Jujumura , Dunguripalli , Bijepur and Jamankira and seven cm each in Kolabira , Boudhgarh ,Hindol ,Birmaharajpur , Binjharpur , Athmalik , Padampur , Bhograi and Banaigarh.The local meteorological centre further forecast that, rainfall would continue at many places in the state on Wednesday under the influence of the system. The weathermen said the cyclonic circulation which was over the Bay of Bengal has moved towards the land and rain would continue under its influence.This monsoon Balasore, Deogarh and Bhadrak districts have suffered the worst rainfall deficit of 43%, 40% and 31%. The state government has also started implementing its contingency plan in these three districts to tackle the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15303145", "title": "Patent waiver: US goes online to placate India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though India had granted its first ever \"compulsory licence\", a patent waiver, to make a cancer drug more accessible, an official of the Barack Obama administration condemned it in a congressional hearing as a violation of \"international standards\". What has however gone unnoticed is that the deputy director of the US patent and trademark office (USPTO), Teresa Rea, has since used a blog to \"clarify\" that India was legally entitled to exercise such an option.In the blog published in the USPTO website on July 2 recalling the questions put to her in the congressional hearing, Rea said that she wanted to \"take this opportunity to clarify my responses relative to ... compulsory licensing under TRIPS\" (trade related aspects of intellectual property rights).Her clarification distinguished between the rights conferred by TRIPS and conflicting national interests. \"Although compulsory licensing can be permissible under the TRIPS agreement, we encourage our trading partners to consider ways to address their public health challenges while maintaining intellectual property rights systems that promote investment, research and innovation.\"It was then that Rea conceded, however indirectly, that India had deviated only from American interests and not from any global norms. She wrote, \"The broad interpretation of Indian law in a recent decision by the controller general of patents of India regarding compulsory licensing of patents, in my view, may undermine those goals.\"This was a far cry from the scathing attack she had launched against India on June 27 before the House judiciary subcommittee on intellectual property, competition and the internet. Responding to a question, Rea said she was \"dismayed and surprised\" when India had granted compulsory licence on March 9 to Hyderabad-based Natco to manufacture a generic version of Bayer's patented cancer drug called Nexavar.Showing no qualms about attacking a quasi judicial decision taken by controller general P H Kurien, Rea said in the hearing that the first compulsory licence granted by India in the TRIPS era \"didn't meet international standards and was not due to national crisis.\" She had even made insinuations against the rigour and integrity of the decision by claiming, with a touch of exaggeration, that compulsory licence had been \"granted by commissioner Kurien on the very last day of his leaving office.\"In reality, after giving a three-day hearing to both sides, Kurien announced his decision three days prior to his retirement. It was just that the detailed order had been uploaded on the net minutes before his exit on March 12.Rea's retraction through her blog followed protests from civil society. The controversy served to highlight the irony that US itself was in the forefront of exploiting the TRIPS provision for compulsory licence. There are several instances of the American executive and judiciary waiving patents, among other reasons, in the public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15303167", "title": "Power grid failure: Regulators bow to netas\u2019 pressure, delay reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Failure of regulators to enforce and set the ground rules objectively has been identified as one of the key factors behind the precarious state of the country's power sector.Several reform measures have been suggested but experts say it will require strong political will to shield regulators from political and other influences so that they are able to perform their role in an independent manner.A back-of-the-envelope study of 15 state electricity regulatory boards shows that 14 are headed by retired IAS officers while Uttar Pradesh has a former NTPC official at the helm. der political pressure,\" the Planning Commission has said in a report.The Shunglu panel has suggested several steps to ensure the integrity of the regulatory regime. It has recommended that state electricity regulatory commissions should be made independent financially as wellA high-level panel headed by former CAG V K Shunglu, which was set up to identify measures to restore the health of state electricity boards (SEBs), has said the huge accumulated losses of the SEB's was due to poor management and operational practices of distribution companies \"compounded by irrational tariffs fixed by regulators\".Even the Planning Commission has said that state regulators often succumb to political pressures on the issue of tariff adjustments. \"Electricity to the consumer is also under-priced . Electricity prices are set by state regulators but most regulators have shown a tendency to hold back tariff adjustments, typically unas in their functioning. Selection of chairman and members of Electricity Regulatory Commissions needs to be fine-tuned and their functioning should be scrutinized by an expert group.\"Irregular determination of tariffs, leaving uncovered revenue gaps, camouflaging the same through measures like creation of regulatory assets and laying down unrealistic efficiency improvement targets instead of revising tariffs, etc, are nothing but examples of regulatory failure to discharge statutory responsibilities,\" said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15299530", "title": "Diesel demand up, hoarding begins", "text": "JAIPUR: When there's a crisis, some make the best of it. The demand for diesel to run generators has soared even as the country, including the state, is facing one of the worst power cuts.To provide constant power supply to shops at various malls and shopping complexes, the generators were seen pumping and polluting the environment severely pushing up the demand for diesel, during the three-hour power failure.The Rajasthan Petroleum Dealers' Association (RPDA), president, Suneet Bagai, said, \"Diesel consumption rose by 10 %.\" He added, \"The situation has worsened as most buildings do not have any back up.\"Fearing that the situation may worsen further, shopowners and builders are reportedly hoarding the fuel. Ramesh Chandra Sharma, manager of a petrol pump at the Vishwakarma industrial area said, \"We expect a steep rise in the sale of diesel due to the power crisis. Everyday, our pump sells approximately 8,000 litres daily. Today, we crossed that figure around 5 pm and are still counting.\"Tara Chand Chaudhary, United Council Rajasthan Industries said, \" Many industrialist can't stop production at any cost and so they are keeping their stocks to face any eventuality.\"Ecohing similar thoughts, Gopal Das Gupta, a city builder, said, \"After the first incident of power grid failure on Monday. We luckily stored diesel that was used on Tuesday. With the generators we can supply water and carry out other construction work. However, in the absence of power, 50 % work in residential buildings have been affected as generators cannot do be used to operate all machinery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15299528", "title": "\u2018Flats were meant for defence personnel\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A retired army officer on Tuesday told the judicial commission that Adarsh was meant for defence personnel, while another said it was not a security threat.Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo said Adarsh was meant for the welfare of military officers. \"At that stage (in 1990s) the bye-laws of the society said Adarsh was meant exclusively for housing army, navy and air force personnel. To my knowledge the bye-laws were never amended. But when we decided to take civilian members, the bye-laws must have been amended but I don't remember if they were,\" said Wanchoo. On Monday, he had said then revenue minister Ashok Chavan had suggested including civilians in the society in June 2000.Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh told the panel that he did not consider Adarsh a security risk. \"Any highrise in the area is not a security threat to army installations. So, even the Adarsh building does not pose a threat,\" said Singh who was the GOC, Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat in 2006 when he applied for a membership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15300653", "title": "Spell of rain brings hope for Garhwa", "text": "Garhwa: Fresh monsoon rain in Garhwa for the last two days - the heaviest shower this season - brought back smiles on the faces of farmers whose hopes of a good crop were dashed because of poor rains this year. Till July 24, Garhwa received a total of 236mm of rain against the normal 467mm. The deficiency stood at 42 %, according to local Met office on Tuesday. The situation had disappointed the cultivation of kharif crops like paddy and coarse cereals. \"Garhwa district will have to face drought this year,\" said Ganesh Mahto, a farmer of the district were disappointed to see the unfavourable weather condition till the last week of July.However, the fresh downpour on Sunday and Monday boosted the morale of the farmers as it could signal more rains in the days to come. The district administration, too, heaved a sigh of relief of the revival of monsoon. Deokant Prasad, an agriculture scientist in local Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) said: \"Though the fresh monsoon is not so favourable for paddy, it is good for crops harvested in uplands such as maize, arhar and sesame etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15293600", "title": "Angry Birds, a hit this Rakhi", "text": "TOI finds out that everything from cartoon characters to exquisite jewelled rakhis have taken the market by storm this season.With just a day left for the festival of Raksha Bandhan, the city markets are flooded with unique 'designer' rakhis, with each stall vying with the other in the department of novelty. We find out what are the most popular choices.Angry Bird on your wrist The biggest hit this year is the 'Angry Bird' Rakhi which is selling like hot cakes. Priced between `15 and `50, they even beat toons like Chhota Bheem, Ben 10 and Doremon to make it to the top of the list. Says LK Agarwal, owner of a rakhi shop at Begum Bazar: \"Every year there's one particular toon that becomes a hot favourite with the kids. And this year it's these birds from the popular game that has captured everyone's imagination. Keeping this in mind, we also have 'Angry Bird watches' in the collection that are available in different colours. Kids can't get enough of them.\"Antique is the flavour The older shoppers are opting for the antique look of the rich 'boutique rakhis'. Studded with pearls and crystals, they are available in myriad designs. The rakhis with fine meena, kundan and zardozi work are worth checking out. Ramkumar Agarwal, a shop owner, adds, \"The 'boutique rakhi' is designed with an antique finish and can cost you anything from `100 to ` 700. The best part is that these rakhis can also be used as key chains and earrings too after the festival. We also have traditional 'lumba rakhi' with kundan and zardozi work for bhaiya-bhabi, which comes as a set.\"Strings of silver Rakhis with American diamonds and semi-precious stones and metal rakhis studded with colourful crystal and ruby stones, which used to rule the market once, are still in vogue. Viru Rajapurohit, who owns a rakhi stall at Madhapur, says, \"Stone-studded metal rakhis are still favourite because they not only glitter, but also look sophisticated. They are priced between just `20 and `150.\"Other hot pics Bead rakhis \u2014 Rakhis in which beads are embedded into the threads or on the base for a tribal look. Cartoon rakhis \u2014 Chhota Bheem, Doremon, Ben 10, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Casper and Shaktiman are still popular. Resham rakhis \u2014 Be it just a simple dori, or a heavily decorated one, resham rakhis in all colours, are a hit. Feng Shui rakhis - Rakhis with Laughing Buddhas, dragons, tortoises', that bring good luck are popular too.elina.nayak@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15302681", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal turns down Nashik Municipal Corporation's demand for more water", "text": "NASHIK: The city's guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday vetoed the demand made by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for additional quota of water from the Gangapur dam.Coming down heavily against Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s demand that additional water from the Gangapur dam could be reserved for drinking purposes, Bhujbal categorically ruled out any revision in the decision and in turn asked the NMC to revise its own water distribution system, while responding to a letter written by the NMC to him seeking additional quota of water for the city. \"Even today the crisis of water scarcity has not blown over. The water storage in dams has barely reached the 25% mark. Given the water that NMC draws round the year, it is very clear that the corporation will not get any additional reservation of water. In fact it will have to revise the water distribution system and do all things things to ensure optimal water supply,\" Bhujbal said after visiting the Gangapur dam.\"The issue of water should not be politicised. Whatever water is collected in the dam will be distributed fairly. No one can demand additional reservation of water and everybody will have to cooperate with each other in the current situation,\" Bhujbal said as he addressed the scarcity review attended by revenue commissioner Ravindra Jadhav along officials from collectorate, NMC and the zilla parishad.On the measures related to scarcity undertaken by the various departments, the guardian minister additionally asked the officials to focus on water conservation measures this year to ensure that next year the availability of water was enhanced.The minister asked the rural water supply department to work in close coordination with the respective departments to ensure that water supply was not affected at any given time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303645", "title": "AICTE decision to refuse approval for engg college upheld", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that courts have no power to interfere with the decisions taken by expert bodies, the Madras high court has refused to interfere with an order of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) refusing to grant approval for an engineering college.Justice K Chandru passed an order to this effect, after dismissing a writ petition filed by the by Amudhasurabi Educational and Charitable Trust seeking a direction to the AICTE to grant approval to establish Amudasurabi College of Engineering and Technology near Mettur in Salem district.When the trust applied for approval, an expert committee inspected the institution and noticed deficiencies. On appeal, a second committee was constituted and it too found deficiencies. Claiming that the inquiry panel's findings were erroneous and that they had not taken proper note of the facilities available on the premises, the trust filed the present petition.In its counter-affidavit, the AICTE said that the expert committee personally visited the institution and submitted the report and hence it could not be \"substituted and rectified by a mere representation of the petitioner\". Reiterating the finding that the deficiencies still existed in the college and that the infrastructure was not in accordance with AICTE norms and regulations, it said the approval was justly denied.Agreeing with the submissions, Justice Chandru said that the Surpeme Court had held that courts had no power to interfere with the decisions taken by the expert bodies. In the light of this, the petition was dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15308260", "title": "Veteran Malayalam actor Thilakan in critical condition", "text": "THRISSUR: Veteran Malayalam actor Thilakan, who was hospitalized on Tuesday at Thrissur-based Jubilee Hospital after suffering a stroke, is critical, hospital authorities said on Wednesday morning.Sources from the team of doctors who are treating the 77-year-old versatile actor said he is also suffers from pneumonia in addition to kidney disease and the infection has spread to entire body.Dr Gilvas, head of the hospital's neurology department who leads the team of doctors that treat the actor said the coordination of the muscular movements of the mouth and tongue has been affected causing in difficulty in speech.Thilakan was admitted to the PK Das Institute of Medical Sciences (PKDIMS), Vaniyamkulam last week, when he felt uneasiness on his way to address a public gathering. On Tuesday, he was referred to Jubilee Hospital for better care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15301543", "title": "Fishing scam: Minister moves HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Facing fire for the alleged Rs 400-crore fishing contracts scam, state minister Parshottam Solanki on Tuesday moved the Gujarat high court against governor Dr Kamla's decision to grant sanction for his criminal prosecution.The governor sanctioned Solanki's prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act on July 26, in response to a complaint by one Ishak Maradia. Earlier, the state government had refused sanction. The issue was hence decided by the high court and the governor took a decision on Maradia's demand.Now facing a criminal complaint and trial, an odd situation just ahead of assembly elections, Solanki has challenged Dr Kamla's order. In a petition filed through senior counsel Prakash Thakker, Solanki contended that the governor could not pass such an order without the aid and advice of the council of ministers. This will once again bring up the debate about friction between Narendra Modi's government and the Raj Bhavan, which has been simmering since the Lokayukta-appointment issue first came up.Solanki denied that there was any Rs 400-crore scam. He contended that the government passed a resolution to award fishing contracts at a base price to persons displaced by the Narmada project and to tribals.The decision to not earn from the fishing contracts was taken in good spirit. Hence no tendering process was initiated to award the contracts. The move was not meant to earn revenue at all, he has claimed.Since Maradia questioned the government's decision not to auction these contracts, a division bench of the high court cancelled all contracts saying that there was an extraneous reason for them. Advocate Thakker said Maradia did not even make Solanki a party in the litigation; neither did the court make any comment against the minister's actions.The lawyer said they have demanded the governor's order be quashed on the basis of a judgment passed by a seven-judge bench of the Supreme Court.This order made it mandatory for the governor to work on the aid and advice of the government, which was not done in this case.On the other hand, a single judge of Gujarat high court had held in this case that the deciding authority in corruption charges against a minister is the governor, since Raj Bhavan appoints ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15300584", "title": "Man gets 10 years for raping deaf, mute girl", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur District and Sessions Court has awarded 10 years' rigorous imprisonment (RI) to a person accused of raping a deaf, mute and mentally challenged girl. The 14-year-old victim is resident of Gumgaon in Hingna tehsil of Nagpur district. Seventh additional district judge Vibha Ingle also imposed a fine of Rs10,000 on the accused Bandu alias Daulat Gulab Itankar.Itankar (43) used to live as a tenant in the victim's house and was a regular visitor there. On June 29, 2008, he lured the victim outside her house by offering her something to eat. The girl did not return home till 9:30pm. Later, a youth found her weeping on the roadside and took her to parents. On being questioned by her mother, the girl revealed what had happened through gestures. Her mother then registered a complaint with the Hingna police. Apart from Section 376(1) of the IPC, the accused was also booked under the Atrocities Act. Medical investigation of the victim confirmed she had been raped by the accused.During trials, a lot of complications arose. As the victim's family did not possess a caste certificate, the offence under Atrocities Act could not sustain. Thereafter, the victim was made to undergo a medical examination to confirm that she was deaf, mute and mentally challenged. Her statements as a witness could also not be considered because of her disabilities.Finally, the 14 witnesses and strong evidence presented by assistant public prosecutor (APP) Sunita Khobragade, as well as the statements of a friend of the accused, the victim's schoolteacher, and her mother resulted in confirming the guilt of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15300732", "title": "Ranchi University syndicate members to get travel allowances", "text": "RANCHI: Syndicate members of Ranchi University will now draw travel allowance at par with state government officials. The varsity syndicate on Tuesday approved a recommendation submitted earlier by one of the sub-committees for the same.Pro-VC V P Sharan said, \"The recommendation suggested payment of Rs 8 per kilometre as travel allowance if the member is using his own vehicle for travelling which has been approved in the meeting.\"While on one hand the syndicate members will be getting travel allowances, on the other their telephone bill will be cut. \"Earlier the amount paid to syndicate members for mobile phone was Rs 2,500 per month, but the meeting decided that it will be decreased to Rs 1,000 per month,\" said Sharan.In a previous meeting, a committee was formed to give a report on the utilization of provident fund of university staff. Sharan said, \"After the report being submitted, it was decided that the PF amount of the university staff will be deposited in the flexi-fix deposit. This way whatever money is deposited after a basic deposit of Rs 10,000, it will automatically convert into fixed deposit.\"Explaining the importance of the decision, Sharan said, \"In the long run when the employee retires, the provident fund will be double the amount deposited.\"A report was also submitted by a committee which was formed to sort out the problem of the non-teaching staff of the RU journalism department. Sharan said, \"The report recommended that the four non-teaching staff of the department should be regularized. The meeting also decided that the university advocate would be consulted on this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15299963", "title": "Cops pulled for shoddy probe", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday pulled up Chikkaballapur police for \"shoddy investigation\" into the death of law student BN Bramarambika and gave them time till August 10 to file a comprehensive report.\"You don't know the A B C of the treatment she was getting? What made a young girl commit suicide? You don't know whether she was depressed or there was abetment? So, the police don't know what to find out? This is nothing but shoddy investigation. God help people of India with such sub-standard investigation,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed when there was no proper response from police with regard to key aspects.The bench also asked police why they hadn't examined Narasimhaiah, her maternal uncle. The police, in their report, stated that the body was exhumed on June 23 and the FSL report only stated there were black ligature marks on the neck while ruling out any traces of poison.The high court had registered a suo motu PIL acting on a letter by her classmates at Seshadripuram Law College, Bangalore, as they suspected \"honour killing\".Made Snana before dharmic councilA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday adjourned the hearing by a month of a PIL seeking a ban on the Made Snana ritual at the Subramanya shrine in Dakshina Kannada district. The state government informed the court the Karnataka Dharmic Council is taking up the issue on August 7. The court fixed August 14 as the next date of hearing. Made Snana is a ritual in which people roll on plantain leaves off which Brahmins have had a meal.Hearing adjournedA division bench headed by the Chief Justice adjourned the hearing on a PIL seeking enquiry by the Committee for Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace, Karnataka High Court into the alleged 'sexual assault\" on women advocates by police during the March 2 violence at city civil court complex. City advocate Sumana Baliga, who filed this petition, also sought direction for constituting similar committees in all district courts in the state.Segregation of solid wasteA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has ordered notice to state government, BBMP , BDA, KSCB, KSPCB and various Resident Welfare Associations with regards to a PIL seeking mandatory segregation of municipal solid waste at source in Bangalore.Kavita Shankar sought for a direction to enforce segregation of solid waste at source by each resident of Bangalore by separating organic waste from recyclable waste and to only hand over residual waste to the BBMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15299981", "title": "Govt to improve midday meal scheme", "text": "PANAJI: The government will greatly improve the midday meal scheme through various modifications including earmarking more money for it within three months.Announcing this in the Goa legislative assembly, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he is considering various ideas to improve the scheme in terms of hygiene and nutrition. Parrikar said he wants to \"convert the midday meal scheme to one of the best schemes\" in Goa.Replying to a starred question by Bicholim independent MLA Naresh Sawal on the midday meal scheme, Parrikar admitted that \"60% to 70% of the food is thrown out by students.\" Parrikar said he is considering a few ideas to improve the scheme. One is to involve parent-teachers' associations in arranging the food through a contractor and the government will pay the school. Parrikar said involving parents will ensure that the quality of food.The second idea is to have community kitchen where self help groups will come and cook for the students. Parrikar said the third idea is to provide students with flavoured milk packs of companies like Amul or Nestle along with multi-grain biscuits that ensure the proper measure of calories and proteins to the children.The chief minister clarified that these are just ideas and said fellow legislators were welcome to make suggestions to further improve the scheme.The Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai said that the contractors of the midday meal scheme in Goa could not give good food to the students because the money earmarked for the food per student was very less. Parrikar said the government did not mind raising the sum to Rs 6 or Rs 7 per student but that would still not ensure that the quality of food was good. \"The best way to ensure good food quality is by involving parents in quality control. Before the next assembly session, you will have a smooth functioning of the scheme,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15299018", "title": "India Against Corruption rally in support of Anna Hazare", "text": "HYDERABAD: The youth wing of India Against Corruption(IAC) held a rally today near Uppal in support of the fast undertaken by Anna Hazare and his team and also to express solidarity with the local volunteers who are on fast. The rally was attended by about 1500 school students from various schools across twin cities and a few volunteers of IAC.The participants first poured milk on the Ambedkar statue as a mark of respect and later raised slogans in support of the Janlokpal bill. Later, they took out a rally near Uppal X roads.A candle light march was also organized near Ambedkar statue of Tank Bund in the evening by the IAC members. The rally was attended by about 50 activists and supporters of the movement.Meanwhile, the protest reached the seventh day at Dharna Chowk even as two members continue to fast from day one.While seven volunteers began the fast, five of them pulled out owing to deteriorating health. A few supporters also observed relay fast at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15303467", "title": "HC stays info panel direction to open up", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has stayed a state information commission order directing its registry to furnish details such as the vigilance mechanism in the judiciary, complaints against subordinate judicial officers and the fate of those complaints, to an applicant under the RTI Act.A division bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy granted interim stay on Tuesday, on a writ petition filed by the registrar-general of the high court.The matter relates to an RTI application filed by K Elango of KK Nagar seeking replies to 10 queries under the RTI Act. Starting from the number of subordinate judges in service in the state, the application sought details of the number of employees in the subordinate judiciary, staff strength of the vigilance department of the high court, style of functioning of the vigilance department, presence of special team to trap corrupt judicial officers and court employees, and the number of corruption complaints received and action taken on them.After the high court rejected the query, he filed an appeal before the state information commission. On January 10 the commission allowed the appeal and asked the high court to furnish the information sought by Elango within 15 days. Against this order, the registrar-general has filed the present writ petition.In his petition, the registrar-general submitted that the information commission had failed to realize that the information sought by Elango clearly infringed on the internal administration of the high court, and that the commission was wrong in entertaining the appeal, because the motive of the applicant was to hinder the administrative functions of the high court.Noting that the information was barred by the provisions of the RTI Act, he said administration of any public authority would come to a standstill if such frivolous applications were entertained. The bench has also issued notice to Venkatesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15302866", "title": "Man tries to stop robbers, shot at", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Robbers on Tuesday shot at a man when he tried to stop then from looting his house. The incident happened in Abhay Khand of Indirapuram when Abhay Pandey (25) saw three people trying to enter his house around 7.30am. Pandey was shot in the elbow and was taken to Avantika hospital for treatment.Indirapuram SHO, Gorakhnath Yadav, said, \"The robbers were carrying knives and a gun. Pandey's wife Usha and daughter Priyanshi were inside the house when the trio tried to enter the house. At this, they ran out and raised an alarm. When Pandey, who has a jewellery showroom in Nyay Khand, tried to prevent them from escaping, they shot him.\" Police said nothing was stolen from the house, but no one has been able to identify the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15301948", "title": "Govt OKs Rs 80cr grant for 1,128 madrasas", "text": "PATNA: Teaching and non-teaching staff of the 1,119 approved madrasas and nine girl madrasas will soon get their salary and allowances as the state cabinet on Tuesday sanctioned the release of Rs 80 crore for the purpose in the financial year 2012-13. The amount of employees' claims in high court cases will also be paid from it.The cabinet also approved a social welfare department's proposal to launch Bihar Family Benefit Scheme (BFBS) on the pattern of the Centre-sponsored National Family Benefit Scheme (NFBS) to help those families whose main bread-earners die suddenly in an accident or criminal violence.As per the provisions in the NFBS, if the main bread-earner of a BPL family, in the age group of 18-64 years, dies in an accident, his/her next kin is given a sum of Rs 20,000. \"During the review of the scheme, it was observed that sometimes the main bread-earner, who is killed in an accident or violence, does not fulfill the criteria of either BPL family or the age group. But the government has to announce financial assistance to their dependents just for maintaining the law and order situation in the area. Now, we have decided to accommodate such cases. The affected family will be paid a one-time financial assistance of Rs 20,000 under the BFBS,\" said cabinet principal secretary Ravikant.The cabinet also decided to increase the retirement age of teachers of all government-run engineering colleges, polytechnics and women polytechnics to 65 from the existing 62 years.Approving another proposal of the agriculture department , the cabinet allowed continuation of the interest grant scheme on the agriculture loan in the financial year 2012-13. Ravikant said, \"All farmers, who have taken agriculture loan or Kisan Credit Card loan up to Rs 3 lakh, will continue to get 1% interest grant during the current financial year.\"The cabinet further approved an urban development &amp; housing department's proposal for reorganization and strengthening of the directorate of municipal administration. It also approved a disaster management department's proposal to create 49 new posts in the Bihar State Disaster Management Authority.The cabinet has OK'd the release of Rs 158.68 crore and Rs 110.76 crore respectively in the financial year 2012-13 and 2013-14 for the construction of 100 godowns of 1000MT capacity, 1,616 godowns of 200MT capacity and 159 godowns of 500MT capacity in different parts of the state.The 176 child development projects, being run in 12 districts of the state, will get Rs 48.94 crore. The cabinet gave its nod to another proposal of social welfare department for expenditure of Rs 44.97 crore for the implementation of the Indira Gandhi Maternity Assistance Scheme in 28 child development projects of two selected districts, Vaishali and Saharsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303386", "title": "Students want dorms meant for guests", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's hostel crisis is far from being resolved.While scores of PU students are being forced to shell out anywhere between Rs 5,000-Rs 6,000 per month for an alternate lodging in nearby sectors, their classmates who could manage a hostel seat in PU are paying Rs 375 per room as rent in the university hostels.University students, including those representing Panjab University Students Union (PUSU), were at loggerheads with university authorities on Tuesday over making available to students, the dormitories meant for guests in every hostel. This, say students, would accommodate 120 extra students from the waiting list of over 400 girls who are still awaiting a hostel seat. \"Each of the five girls' hostels has one such dormitory on each floor and these could be made available to students,\" says Sumit Gokhlaney, a PU student.\"Rules cannot be breached because students are saying so. Besides students' guests and parents need some space to be accommodated when they come here,\" reasons A S Ahluwalia, dean student welfare (DSW).To deal with hostel crisis, PU DSW office has mooted to shift its research scholars in clusters of six to eight students to residential areas of sectors 37, 38 and 15 and its adjoining sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15300456", "title": "Sushilkumar Shinde: Power failure &amp; high-voltage job", "text": "NEW DELHI: From PowerGrid of electricity to NatGrid of intelligence, Sushil Kumar Shinde's journey has been one of a consummate survivor. And then, on Tuesday, he managed to emerge from the darkness India plunged into, to land in North Block.If there was amusement at the irony of \"power failure leading to high-voltage job\", Shinde had colleagues to underline that country never added as much to power capacity during a five-year plan as under the present power minister.Not that failure, or success, has affected Shinde's career that started with the police sub-inspector trading khakhi for khadi in 1971. In fact, over the four decades in the rough and tumble, the affable, soft-spoken leader has sailed along smoothly like life was one long serene drive through verdant hills.In elevating him to the home ministry, Congress leadership demonstrated what Shinde means to it - a trusted pair of hands in a sensitive job.Like in 2003, when Vilasrao Deshmukh's failings as CM of Maharasthra became too glaring to be ignored and elections loomed 18 months away. Shinde was sent as replacement to prepare the party for the contest. He was seen as a Dalit leader who would keep the massive SC vote-base interested in Congress, but also a loyalist who could be given the keys of the 'rich' state without apprehensions.The twin tag \u2014 Dalit leader and party loyalist - has helped him steer past cutthroat competition that runs deep in Congress. The leadership's unshakeable faith in him even blew away suspicions that he undersold the party to Sharad Pawar's NCP in the 2004 seat-sharing formula - cited by many as the reason why the NCP finished only one seat behind the Congress. The charge would have wrecked other worthies.There is no dearth of surprised souls in Congress who marvel at how the low-key leader from the land of Maratha intrigues has not just survived, but thrived.Insiders say the Solapur MP is the right mix of virtues to be liked by the Congress brass surrounded by ambitious, aggressive individuals. He is faceless, steers clear of controversies, is non-confrontationist. Though a Dalit, he brings the politically useful tag into play only for political contingencies, eschewing the temptation to deploy it to arm-twist the party for benefits.As CM in 2004, he passed the bill extending Dalit reservation to private sector, if only to consolidate the SC votes. Polls over, the bill was never notified in the gazette!His caste credentials were flagged once before in 2002 when AICC tried to earn some brownie points by fielding a dalit to take on NDA's Bhairon Singh Shekhwat in vice-president's election.Shinde's experience is a politician's delight. He has been CM of Maharashtra, elected thrice to Lok Sabha and twice to Rajya Sabha and served as governor. This, when he started off as MLA and has been elected to the assembly seven times. In addition, he has led the Maharashtra Congress unit and also served in the AICC as general secretary.Home ministry is the topping on his successful career, but it would not have been possible if Shinde had accepted the \"retirement plan\" Congress offered to him in 2004 when he was made the Governor of Andhra Pradesh. It was a not-so-gentle nudge to the veteran that his time was up.Shinde served in Raj Bhavan for two years. However, after the first year, he had begun to send messages to party bosses that he wanted to return to active politics. He had his way. He became Union power minister in 2009.That was not the only time he survived. Last year was particularly testing. Barely a week ago, when the CBI chargesheet was coming, there was speculation about the rogue's gallery since all the Congress CMs in Mumbai in last five years had signed the Adarsh files, a cooperative society that turned into a big scam. Shinde emerged unscathed, his decisions found to be bonafide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15303426", "title": "Railways stop selling tickets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was chaos at Chandigarh Railway Station as authorities stopped selling tickets for an hour, fearing that trains may not run. This resulted in a mad rush when the ticket window was opened once supply was restored.Soon after announcement was made that sale of tickets will be suspended, there was a scramble at the ticket window and the authorities had to call in the police to control the large crowd.\"I was afraid that I may not get the ticket on time as my train had been announced and I still had a long way to go in the queue,\" said Ramesh Tiwari, a passenger.\"We stopped ticket sale for an hour as there was a possibility that trains might not come\" said station superintendent, Parveen Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-01"}
