{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15373779", "title": "Voltage fluctuations affect 20 villages", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an unusual event nearly 20 villages in Rajpardi taluka had exceptionally high voltage fluctuations. These villages experienced close to 16 hours of power cuts. The Daxin Gujarat vij company limited is yet to explain the reasons for the voltage fluctuation.Some of the worst hit villages include Achchalia, Madhupura, Sanjali and Umadra. Residents in these vill ages have reported a that the voltage fluctuations have led to Their appliances clonking off. \"\"will the government compensate us for the loss. This is not our fault at all. We will lodge a complaint with the power company,\"\" says Saiji Parmar, a resident of Achchalia village.The power fluctuations had begun early in the morning at 9 am.\"\"We are in control of the situation. The unusual voltage fluctuations had taken place owing to the rains in certain villages. We have rectified that error,\"\" says a senior official of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369389", "title": "Allahabad University students face accommodation crunch", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The rise in the number of students coming to pursue professional courses at Allahabad University has created acute crunch of hostel accommodation.Most of these students have taken admission in courses like BTech from JK Institute of Applied Physics and Technology, Centre of Behavioural and Cognitive Science (CBCS), five year integrated course from law faculty etc.\"While selecting an institution for my son to pursue his BTech, I preferred AU over various other institutions since it's a Central University. But now I have to think twice whether I have made a mistake given the accommodation crunch here. I have to come to the city thrice in the past fortnight and looked for a decent accommodation for my son but we don't know whether we would be getting hostel,\" said a harried parent.Given the imbalance between the increased number of students and the number of rooms available at AU, the office of Dean Student Welfare is flooded with requests for hostel accommodation.Though the number of students being admitted in AU has risen following the implementation of the quota for Other Backward Class (OBC), the university has not been able to raise the number of rooms in the hostels.There is just one hostel each, specified for providing accommodation to the male and female students of professional studies and with the limited capacity in it, harried parents are a troubled lot, especially during starting of new academic session. Although, varsity authorities are working out on the viable option for providing decent accommodation to the students coming at AU from other districts, they are helpless when confronted with the high demand and lesser rooms. Among the growing demand, varsity has just two hostels, one each for the boys and girl's pursuing professional courses from AU. Boys are accommodated at Shatabadi boys and for girl's AU has Kalpana Chawla hostel.Situation is grimmer for the students who are being admitted in BTech course and CBCS especially after varsity getting an all India identity as majority of students are coming from other states. TOI, on Saturday witnessed large number of students, of these two courses, wanting to meet the DSW. Although the DSW, Prof R K Singh did meet these students but even he was helpless owing to the ground reality that rooms are less and number of aspirants much larger.Sources inform that there are around 35 students of BTech who want room but the varsity authorities can provide accommodation to only 25 students at Radha Krishnan hostel and in these limited seats authorities have to strike the balance between reservation and merit of individual students. Similarly, in CBCS, there are 13 students who have come from distant states, as far as Kerala, but authorities can accommodate only 5 students among which both merit and reservation has to be considered.Moreover, the recent agitation by the student and their leaders regarding hike in the rent of rooms in private lodge and houses located at various localities of the city, there is crunch of rented rooms in various localities (called as delegacy) as house owners are reluctant to rent out rooms to these students coming from other states.\"There is no doubt that the varsity is in dire need of accommodation but we are doing our best to accommodate as many students as possible,\" said dean student welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367952", "title": "Garbage piles up as vans get stuck at Deonar", "text": "MUMBAI: From uncollected garbage to a saturated dumping ground, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is facing a tough time managing solid waste generated by the city and the root of all woes seems to be the delay in the scientific closure of the Deonar yard.The inordinate time taken to construct the boundary wall of the dumpyard and to repair the access road\u2014 both are part of the scientific closure of the Deonar ground plan\u2014had led to a long queue of garbage vehicles outside the compound, alleged corporators. They claimed with the vans stranded at the yard for most part of the day or breaking down on the stretch, they cannot make enough rounds of the city and consequently, cannot collect all the garbage piling up.Samajwadi Party group leader and corporator from the area Rais Shaikh told TOI, \"The boundary wall of the dumping ground is taking ages to be completed; in fact, it has been over two years since the work began. The access road to the ground, too, is in a mess and the garbage-collection vans often get stuck there.\" The BMC also admitted that even the slightest rainfall made the access road sludgy. \"Often vehicles entering the dumping ground break down on the road, which is in a terrible condition,\" said a senior BMC official. Incidentally, the stretch has remained in the same pathetic condition for several years now. \"The little rainfall that we have received so far has been good enough to make the condition of the access road worse,\" said Yogesh Sharma, a Deonar resident.Civic officials conceded that with the vans getting stranded, they cannot collecet all the garbage that keeps piling up. \"The condition of the dumpyard does prevent the vans from making the required number of trips,\" said an official. Shaikh said, \"The BMC must expedite the closure. Only that can solve the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15369134", "title": "Task force on unauthorized layouts will meet on August 16", "text": "HUBLI: The taskforce formed to prepare an action plan to curb the growth of illegal layouts in the twin cities will hold its first meeting on August 16.Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) president Lingaraj Patil told reporters on Sunday that the taskforce consists of the assistant commissioner, corporation commissioner, Hubli-Dharwad tahasildar and other officials. \"With the help of the taskforce, we will remove illegal buildings, encroached sites, and CA sites,\" he said.Explaining the progress of the joint venture housing scheme of the state government and the HDUDA, Patil said they we have already identified land in Tadasinkoppa near Dharwad.The 60:40 project entails buying land for farmers and carving out layouts there. About 40 per cent of the houses built on the area will be given to farmers who have given up their land and the remaining will be distributed to people through calling applications by the HDUDA.The HDUDA chief also gave a piece of advice to farmers, warning them against selling their land to private builders who may deceive them by offering lower prices.\"Prices of land are surging. Don't give your land at throwaway prices to private builders,\" he said.For the drought relief work, HDUDA is contributing Rs 51 lakh, which will be handed over to chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Monday.Also the blue print of the construction of ring road in Hubli will be presented before the chief minister, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15369082", "title": "Winners of cartoon contest felicitated", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Winners of district level cartoon contest on theme of 'Save Girl Child', selected by famous cartoonist Irfan were felicitated in a function in Chunni Lal High School conference Hall here on Sunday.The contest was organized by Ramchandra Prasad Memorial Trust that added the cartoon contest in its annual programme of 'Pratibha Samman Samaroh' to felicitate district toppers of Intermediate and Matriculation examinations. This is the third consecutive year when the Trust held the function in which people took a vow to save the girl child.Ghutra Oraon and Chandra Kishore Bhagat of DS Public School and Ajay Oraon of Manjurmati High School secured first, second and third position respectively. They were given cash prizes and certificates signed by Irfan. While DSP (HQs) Anil Kumar Jha inaugurated the function, veteran social worker Sitaram Sharma and Principal of BS College Lohra Oraon gave away the prizes.Among the toppers of Intermediate and Matriculation Examinations- 2012 felicitated on the occasion were Meenakshi Kumari, Mahima Gupta and Karan Sharma of DAV, Deepak Kumar Gupta of JNV, Aman Kumar and Preeti Kumari of Vidhya Mandir, Rabiya of BS College and Pintu Kumar of Plus- 2 Nadiya Hindu High School.Children of Divine Spark Fine Art Club presented a cultural show on the occasion which included a short play 'Save Girl Child' presented by the child artists. A message of cartoonist Irfan for participants of cartoon contest was presented to encourage children. Irfan has praised local child cartoonists and provided them needed guidelines.While Ranjna Sharma of the Trust managed the stage of the function,secretary Shashi SP Gupta delivered vote of thanks. Several personalities of the town including VK Balanjinappa, Sudheer Chaudhury, Alok Sahu and Yugal Prasad were present on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15368756", "title": "Contractual safai workers to continue in urban local bodies", "text": "The services of safai karmacharis appointed on contract basis in urban local bodies in the UP will not be terminated, says a circular issued by principal secretary, urban development Pravir Kumar to all district magistrates, municipal commissioners and director, local bodies. It has been clarified in the circular that the government order (GO) issued on July 23 regarding immediate termination of services of contractual employees appointed in an irregular and arbitrary manner in urban local bodies will not cover the contractual safai workers.Fishermen body demands SC status: National Association of Fishermen at a national meeting held here on Sunday has demanded Scheduled Castes (SC) category reservation for Nishad, Bind and Kashyap communities. National chairman of the association GK Bangi has accused Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party of misleading Nishad, Bind, Kashyap, Dhiwar, Kahar, Manjhi, Turaha, Godia, Rajbhar and Prajapati communities in the name of providing them SC status.Rich tributes paid: Senior officers of the regional headquarters of Indo-Tibet Border Police Force (ITBPF) have paid rich tributes to Dr Fauzia Turk, medical officer, ITBPF, who died recently. She was posted at 42{+n}{+d} battalion of the force in Lucknow. She had joined the ITBPF as medical officer on July 27, 2010 and in a very short time earned laurels for being an efficient officer in the medical field.People remember Janeshwar Mishra: Krishna Kutumb Media (Trust), a socialist social service organisation, paid rich tributes to a great socialist thinker and a source of socialist movement late Janeshwar Mishra on Sunday. Convener of the organisation Suresh Krishna Yadav speaking at a function said that it is the duty of every person who believes in socialist ideology to strengthen the socialist movement in the country help the SP government to fulfil its commitments made to the people of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15368958", "title": "Xavier's Institute of Social Services to host conference on commons &amp; governance", "text": "RANCHI: A two-day international conference on 'Governance of commons and livelihood securities' will be organized at Xavier's Institute of Social Services (XISS) on August 17 and 18.XISS director Dr Alexius Ekka SJ said: \"The commons are integrated to the social, economic and cultural identity of the communities that depend on them. Communities' access to and control over the commons are defined by the social and political relations within state and its legal framework. Yet it has been adversely affected by the absence of enabling policy, legal and institutional frameworks since colonial times, particularly in Asia and Africa.\"He added: \"These have not only impacted the management of the commons, but have also engendered conflicts within and among resource dependent communities and threaten their livelihood.\"Elaborating on the governance of commons in context of Jharkhand , convener of the conference Dr HImadri Sinha said: \"Today in Jharkhand, governance of commons has become of immense importance due to development induced displacement of the tribals and the dalits, loss of forest land, water bodies, and grazing land irreversibly. Effect of climate change has added another crucial dimension to sustenance as the environmental commons is degraded beyond measure.\"Around 280 delegates from India and overseas have registered for the conference and they represent a diversity of bodies comprising academicians, lawyers, activists, research scholars and students of rural management, social sciences and agriculture. The conference is being organized by XISS in collaboration with 'All India Council of Technical Education' (AICTE), Nabard, Unicef and other organizations. The conference will make policy recommendations to Government of India and to International Association for Study of Commons.Eminent environmentalist and internationally acclaimed author, Dr Vandana Shiva will deliver the keynote address and Dr Virginius Xaxa, deputy director of Tata institute of Social Sciences (Tiss), will be the chief guest of the inaugural session. The panel of guest speakers will include Prof P S Ramakrishnan from Jawaharlal Nehru University; Prof Koen De Feyter from Antwerp University, Belgium; Prof D Suar from IIT-Kharagpur; Fr Stanlourdu Swami, director, Bagaicha; advocate Sanjay Upadhyay from Supreme Court of India; Dr Jagdeesh Rao, director, FES; Prof Rita Brara from Delhi University; Dr N C Narayanan from IIT-Mumbai, Y Dayakar from V S University, Nellore and P C Deogharia from VBU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367940", "title": "No study on impact of stone crushers on tiger reserve", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) said that no study or assessment has been done yet on the impact of stone quarries and stone crusher units on the tiger habitat and animal corridors around Kaziranga National Park and Tiger Reserve.The NTCA response came after RTI and environment activist Rohit Choudhury filed an application under the RTI Act recently seeking information on the impact of stone quarries and stone crushers unit on the tiger habitat of Kaziranga.Choudhury has filed another application to the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF), seeking information on the total number of stone quarries in Karbi Anglong, Golaghat and Nagaon districts. He also sought information on the stone quarries that got clearances from the ministry under the Forest Conservation Act. The Kaziranga Tiger Reserve abuts these three districts.The ministry said it has no information on the queries sought by Choudhury.However, the MoEF in May this year had submitted a preliminary affidavit to the National Green Tribunal, saying that there are 64 units - 26 stone crusher units, 14 brick kilns, 12 tea estates and 12 miscellaneous units - within the No Development Zone (NDZ) around Numaligarh Refinery. The refinery is very close to the national park.A legal case is underway in the National Green Tribunal following an application filed by Choudhury against the presence of stone-crushing units in the vicinity of Kaziranga.In reply to a similar RTI application filed by Choudhury, the Eastern Assam Wildlife Division Office (EAWDFO) had said that all the 12 stone crushing units situated within a 15-km aerial distance from Kaziranga National Park have been shut down from January this year.\"None of the units are running at present,\" the EAWDFO said adding that no mining activities were carried out within the area either. It also said that no stone crusher units exist within the NDZ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15369043", "title": "ABVP protest rally today, Nilamber Pitamber University officials' leave cancelled", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Leave of all officials of Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) due on Monday has been cancelled in the wake of the demonstration by Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activists.Sources in the university said the vice-chancellor (VC) and other officials were camping in Ranchi for the past two days to hold meetings and set question papers. The NPU team would reach Daltonganj on Sunday to take stock of the situation ahead of the ABVP's demonstration on Monday. The ABVP is demanding for a better, effective and corruption-free educational system here.VC Firoz Ahmad has confirmed the cancellation of leave. \"The dean students' welfare and proctor have been asked to report to duty on Monday. The registrar too has been asked to skip the Study Board meeting in Ranchi and rush to Daltonganj,\" said Ahmad. \"We are taking all possible measures to avert any sort of untoward incident,\" he added.The sources said recently one such demonstration had turned violent. The protestors had damaged the varsity property and made intimidating gestures towards the VC forcing the authorities to lodge an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374260", "title": "Actress Rima launches her own designer label", "text": "Actress Rima Kallingal, who has started her own designer label 'Soul Sisters' with her childhood friends, Swetha Vijay and Neetha Manoj, exhibited their collection for the first time in Kochi the other day. The two-day exhibition was inaugurated by actor Asif Ali and Hibi Eden MLA, which was attended by bigwigs from the film and fashion industry. After Thrissur and Calicut, this is the third time that Rima and her partners are organising an exhibition of their collections.While the first two exhibitions had handpicked readymade attires and accessories, the trio decided to opt for self-designed ensembles and accessories this time. \"Kochi is the fashion hub of Kerala. So we exhibited a lot of innovative designs in cotton and linen fabrics in saris,\" says RimaA wide range of elegant ethnic Indian wear, including saris, semi-stitched salwar suits, skirts, African-beaded jewellery and other artefacts were on display. Celebrities like Gautami Nair, Poornima Indrajith, Ranjani Haridas, Reshmi, Sarayu, O G Sunil, Asha Sunil, and DJ Savyo made their presence felt at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371553", "title": "Amrita Singh ignores Kareena Kapoor", "text": "There's an unwritten rule in the industry. Uncomfortable situations involving personal or professional rivals are studiously avoided. However, Saturday evening turned out to be an exception; call it a goof up of sorts on the part of YRF Studios, which is otherwise quite well organised.According to an eyewitness, Saif Ali Khan's ex-wife Amrita Singh walked into the studio and headed for her make up room on the ground floor. However, when she saw Saif's beau Kareena Kapoor's name on the door of the opposite makeup room, she left the area and went to a different location to avoid a sticky situation.It is learnt that minutes later, a walkie-talkie message was conveyed to the team to have Amrita's makeup room shifted to another floor. Also, the plate on the door of her original makeup room, which read somewhat like: 'Amrita Singh look test for Aurangzeb ' was removed.Said an eyewitness, \"Amrita went to the other floor and carried on with her work, and didn't give much importance to whatever happened.\"When contacted, Amrita Singh confirmed her presence at YRF Studios on Saturday. However, she quipped, \"I am not a newcomer to run away from such things. I have been here for 30 years and we are all professionals. I straight away went to the makeup room, which was assigned to me.\"Minutes later, a YRF spokesperson called and said Amrita and Kareena's makeup rooms were always supposed to be on different floors.Aurangzeb, a YRF production directed by Atul Sabharwal, stars Arjun Kapoor in a double role. A source close to YRF told, \"Amrita is playing an important role in Aurangzeb. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "15369852", "title": "RTO wants stamp of quality on e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI : Alarmed by the recent incidents of electronic-meter tampering , some RTO officials have proposed that every e-meter should have the \"ISI\" mark , ostensibly a stamp of guarantee for quality products .RTO officials plan to propose to the transport department to get all existing emeters in autos and taxis certified by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS ), which after rounds of strict inspection certifies the screened products ; after that , manufacturers can used with the \"ISI\" mark .\"The BIS follows the most stringent measures for quality control . It takes into account the factory quality management system and rigorous surveillance of samples from the factory (manufacturer ) and open market (autos ),\" an RTO official said . The officials have been rooting for the BIS check after a few cases of e-meter tampering came to light in the past two months . Some meters were also found with defects. The official added that BISapproved e-meters would ensure that there was no defect in the product and that manufacturers would maintain the same standard for all certified e-meters . He also said under the system , all e-meters in autos and taxis would be of uniform quality standards .The transport department has recently sent samples of e-meters from 11 manufacturers to the labs in Maharashtra Institute of Technology , Pune . \"The devices will be checked for any fault . A team of experts will also check if the meters generated an error message if tampered with,\" an official said .Auto unions leaders like Sharad Rao and Thampy Kurien have been demanding that e-meters should have the option of displaying an error message , if the devices are tweaked . \"We are not against e-meters . We just want it to be tamper-proof as far as possible ,\" said Kurien .Seal of approvalThe Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), empowered by the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 1986, operates a product certification scheme, which aims at providing third-party guarantee of quality, safety and reliability of products to customers. It has granted more than 30,000 licences to manufacturers covering practically every industrial discipline. The certification allows licensees to use the \"ISI\" mark. The stamp, known as Standard Mark, on a product is an assurance of conformity to the specifications. The conformity is ensured by regular surveillance of the licensee's performance by surprise checks and testing of samples, drawn both from market and factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15373812", "title": "Allahabad HC grants bail to Seema Azad, Vishvijay who were convicted for waging war against nation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad High Court has granted bail to journalist and civil right activist Seema Azad and her husband Vishvijay. The couple were convicted by a lower court on June 8, 2012, on charges of sedition. They were accused of having links with banned Maoist outfit and were held guilty for 'waging war against the nation'.The bail was granted by a division bench comprising Justice Dharnidhar Jha and Justice Akhok Pal Singh. Counsel for the couple Ravi Kiran Jain argued before the court that there was no concrete evidence with the police which can prove that the couple were engaged in naxal activity. He also said that having Naxal literature to study for the purpose of journalist does not amount to any connection with Naxals. Jain also said that Azad and her husband had exposed illegal mining being carried out in Allahabad and adjoining areas by the mafia in connivance with the government officers and police. The couple was implicated in a false case for writing about illegal mining.Seema Azad's case is similar to that of Dr Vinayak Sen , who was also implicated by the Chhatisgarh police, for alleged naxal connections. The Uttar Pradesh (UP) chapters of the National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM) and the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) have welcomed the court's decision.\"We had full confidence in the judician system,\" said Vandana Mishra, secretary PUCL, UP. At the time of arrest Seema was also state secretary of the PUCL and publishing a magazine 'Dastak' in which she had written several articles on illegal mining. The couple were also involved in sensitising people on violation of their rights and raised human rights issues.The Special Task Force (STF) of UP had arrested the couple in February 2010 and had claimed to have recover Maoist literature and large amount of cash from their possession. They were charged with having association with a banned organization, the Communist Party of India (Maoist). After arrest, the STF handed over to the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) of UP making it a case involving 'terrorist activity'. In its charge sheet submitted in the court, the ATS claimed that the couple were involved in inciting people through CD, laptops and books. The court held the couple guilty and awarded them life term.After detaining the couple, the police had then said that two activists were arrested at the Allahabad railway station. However, in the FIR lodged later at the Khuldabad police station, police showed that the couple were arrested by the STF from Khuldabad in Allahabad.The police had then also claimed that it found incriminating material which included a detailed programme of Krantikari Jan Committee, pamphlets carrying message of CPI (Maoist), a pamphlet related to the arrest of Kobad Gandhi, a pamphlet on arrest of Naxal and Maoist functionaries and members in Bihar , Jharkhand , Orissa and Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372309", "title": "It was a 'one night stand' for Kashmera and Krushna", "text": "Kashmera Shah's love for Krushna began with 'a one-night stand'! Over a tete-e-tete that makes mush look obsolete and jaded, the hottie who has been living in with Krushna from almost six years; candidly revealed the little secret behind how it all began!\"Before we landed on the sets of a film we were to do together, I didn't even know him (Krushna). I knew I was to work with Govinda's nephew in the film, that's all. I never carried high heels hence,\" said Kashmera. So was it during the course of the film they started seeing each other? \"It was a one-night stand for both of us,\" Kash divulged, without even batting an eyelid!What's more! Surprisingly, the otherwise media-shy Krushna was as outspoken as his lady love! He added, \"Actually that is how it happens with everyone, it is just that they do not admit. But after that night, she got a lot more caring towards me... bringing me khaana and all!\"Krushna further revealed, \"Actually, Kash was giving me hints from the beginning itself. There was this once when we were seated in the van and the lights when off and I said, 'Ab kya kare?' Now that is something anyone would have said in that circumstance, and very suggestively our lady here says, 'Kyun, kuch kare?'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15367678", "title": "Post-2014 polls, non-Congress, non-BJP PM likely: LK Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP veteran LK Advani on Sunday stumped his party colleagues and provided mirth to opponents by conceding the possibility of BJP not being able to lead the coalition at the Centre after the 2014 polls.While ruling out the possibility of a Third Front-led coalition, Advani wrote in his blog, \"A non-Congress, non-BJP prime minister heading a government supported by one of these two principal parties is, however, feasible. This has happened in the past also.\"Advani also predicted that the Congress was headed for its worst-ever debacle and might for the first time \"sink to just two digits\" in Lok Sabha , adding that BJP would benefit from the ruling party's \"fast-eroding reputation\". However, his comment about the possibility of a non-BJP prime minister leading the next coalition implied that the saffron party would not be able to cross the threshold -- estimated to be around 170-odd seats -- where it would be the natural claimant to the reins at the Centre.As BJP leaders dived for cover or valiantly tried to spin the statement positively, Congress pounced upon the blog. Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla and Samajwadi Party's Mohan Singh reacted by saying the BJP had given up the fight even before it could be joined.The commentary was in line with the disappointment Advani has publicly expressed earlier on BJP's failure to make the most of Congress's bungles, and mirrored the assessment in neutral political quarters. However, the prognosis is at odds with the BJP leadership's assessment that the growing disgust with Congress \"misrule\" could see the party post a 180-plus tally.It comes at a time when the BJP leadership is debating whether it can risk annoying allies like Bihar CM Nitish Kumar by projecting his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi as its prime ministerial candidate.'Advani has conceded defeat'The divergence stunned the party's voluble spokespersons into silence. They refused to comment, citing the leadership's instruction \"not to react to Advaniji's blogs\". However, party leaders who spoke on the condition of anonymity were fuming. \"The remarks are demoralizing and betray the mindset of someone who knows that his innings is over and has, therefore, concluded that he has no stake in whatever may happen now,\" a leader said.Agencies quoted former party president Rajnath Singh as seeking to put a positive spin on Advani's blog. He claimed that the party veteran meant to say that BJP would finish as the single largest party. \"It would only be natural in a democracy for the single largest party to have its prime minister,\" Singh said. Another BJP functionary Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi asserted that NDA would get a majority of its own.Congress swiftly seized upon Advani's candour to claim that the BJP had conceded defeat when the battle had not begun yet. A scathing Rajeev Shukla said, \"I can say about the blog that he has himself conceded defeat saying there will be no BJP PM in 2014.\" Terming Advani a \"reluctant general\", he further said, \"What kind of general is he who concedes defeat when the battle has not even started.\"Shukla's colleague Satyavrat Chaturvedi said the statement reflected the rift in the BJP.Samajwadi Party's Mohan Singh also joined in the fun at BJP's expense, saying, \"BJP has conceded defeat before elections.\"In his blog , Advani also wrote that a government which will not be led by either the BJP or Congress was not likely to last long. \"This has happened in the past also. But as the prime ministership of Chaudhry Charan Singh, Chandrashekharji, Deve Gowdaji and Inder Kumar Gujralji, as also of Vishwanath Pratap Singhji have shown, such governments have never lasted long,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373432", "title": "Madonna looks like stripper: Elton John", "text": "Elton John has re-ignited his long-standing feud with Madonna by calling her a stripper whose career has come to an end.The veteran has also blasted the 53-year-old for repeatedly targeting his pal Lady Gaga for copying one of her 1989 tracks titled 'Express Yourself,\" the Sun reported.\"I thought, 'What a wonderful way to redo my song'. I mean, I recognised the chord changes. I thought it was... interesting,\" she had recently said.But the 65-year-old is adamant the star no longer has any authority to criticise others because she has lost credibility as an artist.\"Why is she such a nightmare? Sorry, her career is over. Her tour has been a disaster and it couldn't happen to a bigger c***,\" he said.\"If Madonna had any common sense she would have made a record like Ray Of Light and stayed away from the dance stuff and just been a great pop singer and make great pop records, which she does brilliantly.\"But no, she had to go and prove... she looks like a f****** fairground stripper. She's been horrible to Gaga,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15368071", "title": "Rs 249 crore spent on underground cabling in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The government has so far incurred a cost of around 249.36 crore on ongoing underground cabling works in 20 assembly constituencies of Goa.Of this, the highest amount of Rs 67.50 crore was spent in Margao/Fatorda constituencies. The second highest amount of Rs 65.90 crore for underground cabling works was spent in Nuvem constituency.Margao and Fatorda got an even bigger share. While Rs 67.50 crore was spent in Margao/Fatorda for conversion of 11 KV and low tension overhead lines to underground network in the balance part of Margao municipal area, Margao and Fatorda also got a share from the Rs 18.77 crore spent of four other constituencies of Cuncolim, Canacona, Curtorim and Nuvem for laying of 33 KV, 400 square metres, XLPE, double circuit, underground cables from Ponda sub-station to Fatorda sub-station via Raia sub-station, from Xeldem sub-station to Cuncolim sub-station and from Xeldem sub-station to Aquem sub-station.The amount of Rs 65.91 crore spent in Nuvem has been split into two works; one is Rs 46.86 crore for conversion of low tension overhead line to underground network in scheduled tribe area of Nuvem village panchayat and another amount of Rs 19.04 crore for conversion of 11KV overhead line to 11KV underground system.The government has also spent Rs 29.78 crore in Taleigao and St Cruz for underground cabling as well as Rs 11.09 crore for the same work in Vasco, Cortalim and Dabolim. An amount of Rs 30.05 crore has been spent for underground cabling in Mapusa and an amount of Rs 5 crore in the constituencies of Ponda, Marcaim and Priol.The details were given by power minister Milind Naik in reply to a question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai in the Goa legislative assembly. Sardesai also wanted to know whether underground works are proposed to be taken up constituency-wise for the next five years.Naik replied that the work of interlinking of 33KV sub-stations through 33KV underground cabling system has been already taken up, directly or indirectly benefitting most constituencies in Goa.Naik said that work of conversion of 11KV and low tension overhead lines to underground cabling are being planned to be done in phased manner giving priority to coastal areas which are important from tourism point of view and important cities depending on the availability of funds for which the electricity department is in the process of preparing preliminary estimates for the whole of Goa.Naik also informed that the work of laying underground cables has been partially completed in the constituencies of Margao, Fatorda, Panaji , Taleigao, Calangute and Benaulim.Asked whether five star hotels in the coastal belt of Salcette have power outage issues, Naik stated that five star hotels in Salcette's coastal belt did suffer from power outages during the commencement of the monsoon season due to breakdown of overhead 33KV link line from Xeldem sub-station. The power minister also informed that a separate 33KV feeder is proposed from Xeldem sub-station via Nessai to provide alternate source of supply to the coastal areas of Benaulim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15367924", "title": "Over 21% in Jaipur leave private hospitals holding caesarean babies", "text": "JAIPUR: Statistics provided by the Union government on caesarian deliveries showed that one out of five deliveries taken place in private hospital were done through caesarean section (C-section) in Rajasthan, while in government hospitals, it was one out of 20 deliveries.The recently released Annual Health Survey 2010-11 also showed that 21.3% of total the deliveries that have taken place in private hospitals in Jaipur were C-sections but the figure of C-sections in government hospital was only 8.4%. The gap in terms of percentage of C-section deliveries between government hospitals and private hospital was noteworthy in several districts like Bundi, Barmer, Baran, Dungarpur, Jaisalmer, Bhilwara and Pali.Remote districts of western Rajasthan, including Barmer and Jaisalmer, the figure of C-sections were much higher. In Barmer, 33.4% of total deliveries that taken place in private hospital were caesarian, while in government hospital it was 9.6%. Similarly, in Barmer, 35.8% of total deliveries in private hospitals were C-sections, while in government hospital it was 4% of the total deliveries.In urban areas of Bundi district, one out of two deliveries were C-sections. The figure of government hospital in urban part of Bundi district was 8.3%. Similarly, in urban area of Baran district, 40.5% of total deliveries that have taken place in private hospitals were done through C-sections, while in government hospital in urban part of Baran district, 9% of total deliveries have taken place through the cesarean process.Besides, the gap between rural and urban areas in terms of caesarian deliveries is significant. Around 23% of total deliveries in private hospitals in urban areas were caesarian while in private hospitals in rural areas it was 18.5%. But in rural government hospitals, around 3.3% of total deliveries were C-sections while in urban government hospitals, it was 10.9%.The C-sections in private hospitals was much higher in comparison to government hospitals even though the institutional deliveries in private hospitals were much lesser when compared with government hospitals' figures. Around 55% of total institutional deliveries took place in government hospitals while 14.6% deliveries took place in private hospitals at that time the survey was conducted.The survey was carried out by the Centre during July 2010 and March 2011 in nine states including Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, MP, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Among these states, Rajasthan is the state with minimum C-sections in private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369413", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University senate poll gets murkier", "text": "SURAT: The senate election of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) turned murkier with one of the candidates alleging conspiracy behind the rejection of his candidature.The donor seat candidate Mahendra Chauhan alleged on Sunday that his form was rejected based on an application with forged signature of another candidate, Anuj Shah.Chauhan provided two different documents to TOI with different signatures of Shah, one of the candidates in donor constituency. He produced the form for candidature of Shah in which he signed in English while in his application against Chauhan, the signature of Shah is in Gujarati.VNSGU authorities claimed on Saturday that Shah gave an application that Chauhan is registered as voter in two constituencies, medical teacher and donor, and hence his name should be removed as voter from both and should not be allowed to contest election.Based upon Shah's application, VNSGU scrutiny committee rejected Chauhan's form. However, during detailed examination of the papers Chauhan found that there is a huge difference in signatures of same person. \"The signature in election candidature form is in English and is real sign of Shah but the signature in the application is in Gujarati and it is not of Shah. We are going to demand inquiry in the issue. The issue will be challenged in court and truth will come out in forensic examination,\" said Chauhan.\"The fake signature has been done by another donor seat candidate and he will also face legal action for the forgery.\"Gaurang Vaidya, one of the three members of the scrutiny committee said, \"Shah met me in the evening and claimed that the signature in the application was his and Chauhan's allegations are baseless. Further the form has been rejected under section 16 and 19 of VNSGU Act as demanded in Shah's application.\"Further, Hosang Mirza, a senior Congress leader claimed, \"It is conspiracy against Chauhan to remove his candidature. In the scrutiny committee for donor seat, two members are BJP workers and one member is faculty in college of one of the candidates, Dinkar Naik, for donor seat. The committee gave a biased decision.\"Vaidya, rejected the allegations of conspiracy and said, \"I was member of different scrutiny committee in 2002 and 2007 but this issue was never raised. The issue is being raised to save one person's candidature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367700", "title": "Fee row: Engineering colleges moot loan scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fresh proposal, which puts the onus of paying fees on students from weaker sections, was on Sunday put in front of the experts' committee set up for examining the fee structure in professional colleges in the state. As per the new blueprint, which was drawn up by the managements of state engineering colleges, the government should provide educational loans to students in collaboration with Indian Banks' Association. Students will have to start repaying the loan six years after joining the course, that is, two years after its completion. The student would, however, need to repay the loan with interest.As per the proposal, the government will have to spend only Rs 400 crore instead of the Rs 4,000 crore it currently does on the fee reimbursement scheme wherein the state pays the fees of students from the BC community.The central government, in collaboration with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has taken permission from about 18 nationalised banks to provide loans to students without the wherewithal to fund their education. The banks are expected to set up counters at the counselling venue to offer loans to students looking to avail of the fee reimbursement scheme.The colleges have also suggested that students who benefit from the fee reimbursement scheme refund the money to the government six years from the date on which it was taken up.On Sunday, CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy looked into the proposals in the presence of some members of the expert committee. It was learnt that the committee has yet to come up with its final report and is still weighing several options.While over 133 engineering colleges are demanding that they be allowed to go in for hikes which may see their fees touch the Rs 85,000 per annum mark, the government has decided to conduct fresh inspections at these institutions to determine whether they do offer the services which they have promised on paper. The members of the experts' committee are expected to brief a cabinet sub-committee on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15374957", "title": "Cognizant goes past Infosys, becomes second-largest IT company in India", "text": "CHENNAI: Technology titan Cognizant goes past Infosys in quarterly revenues to emerge as the second largest IT services provider leveraging India.The company reaffirms 20% revenue growth guidance for the calendar year 2012 as against Nasscom growth guidance of 11-14%.Quarterly revenues rose to $1.795 billion, up 4.9% sequentially and 20.9% from the year-ago quarter. GAAP net income was $251.9 million, up 3.4% sequentially and 21.1% from the year-ago quarter.Non-GAAP operating margin was 20.0%, at the top end of the company's targeted 19-20% range.The company added approximately 4,700 net during the quarter, taking the global headcount of approximately 145,200 as of June 30, 2012.Cognizant has guided to at least $1.875 billion during the third quarter, indicating at least 4.5% sequential growth.Fiscal 2012 revenue reaffirmed and is expected to be at least $7.34 billion, up at least 20% compared to 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368684", "title": "Mumbaikars lend Rs 22L lifeline to acid victim", "text": "MUMBAI: About 10 years ago, an acid attack disfigured and maimed her. Last week, an impromptu network of caring Mumbaikars came forward to fund reconstructive surgery for the victim.On April 22, 2003, 18-year-old collegian Sonali Mukherjee was subjected to an acid attack by village hoodlums in Jharkhand that left her blind, deaf in one ear and permanently disfigured. Despite having undergone 22 operations, Sonali required an additional Rs 22.5 lakh for reconstructive surgery.With numerous pleas for help having gone unheard, the young lady recently petitioned the Centre to allow her to die by euthanasia.Following an outcry over television, Anu Ranjan, president of the Indian Television Academy (ITA) and founder of the voluntary organization BETI, was alerted to her plight. Within a matter of 72 hours, Anu gathered Rs 12.5 lakh from donors such as Mehul Choksi of Gitanjali Jewels, actor Juhi Chawla and producer Ramesh Taurani apart from her husband, actor-filmmaker Shashi Ranjan . Payal Kapoor, whose husband is a senior official with Western Union Money Transfer, also stepped forward to help.The results of this cumulative effort became apparent by Tuesday. On Thursday, Anu handed over the funds to Sonali's doctor Sanjeev Bagai at the B L Kapoor Hospital in New Delhi and will monitor her treatment to the end. \"Sonali will be admitted to the hospital on August 14 and following a few days of pre-operative care, her first surgical procedure will start on August 19,\" she said.The victim, now 27, is forced to live in a shanty in Delhi. She vividly recalls the night of horror when the family was sleeping on the open terrace of the house. \"Around 2.30am, I woke to a sharp burning sensation that engulfed my face and my limbs. The miscreants who had been harassing me for weeks jumped over from the neighbour's roof and doused me with acid. I suffered 70% burns,\" Sonali said.\"My life has come to a standstill while the three men who attacked me are out on bail despite having received a prison term. In fact, they continued to threaten my family, forcing us to move to another village 50km away,\" she said.The estimated cost of Sonali's treatment is about Rs 30 lakh, of which Rs 7.50 lakh includes the hospitalization charges which the doctors have agreed to waive. The remainder of Rs 22.50 lakh will take care of surgeries spread over a period of one year as well as rehabilitation.Choksi, who pitched in with a sizeable amount of Rs 10 lakh, said he was taken aback by the magnitude of Sonali's injuries. \"I was horrified to see that even in this modern age, women continue to be subjected to such violence. I felt this was a fit case to contribute to,\" he said.In 2003, Sonali Mukherjee was subjected to an acid attack that left her blind, deaf in one ear and disfigured. Despite having undergone 22 operations, she required an additional Rs 22.5 lakh for reconstructive surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368707", "title": "CRPF head constable found dead outside Bijnore camp", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Central Reserve Police Force head constable was found dead under mysterious circumstances in his four-wheeler outside the CRPF camp at Bijnore under Sarojininagar police area late on Saturday night. Prima-facie it looks to be a case of murder, however, the police said anything concrete could only be said once the autopsy report is received. The police are also investigating the possible theory that some miscreants might have poisoned him with an intention to rob him.The head constable was posted at radio signals wing at CRPF group centre and stayed at staff quarters inside the Bijnore camp. He was missing since Saturday morning, when he left his house after having a dispute with his wife. The victim's body was later found in the car parked at gate number 3 of the camp.Sarojininagar Station Officer said since the body of the CRPF head constable found on co-driver's seat, it hints that some other person, who might have been driving the car was also present along with him. He said the victim's body, however, did not bear any visible injuries. The police have also found a half empty liquor bottle in the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15368599", "title": "Man axes wife, her siblings to death", "text": "GONDIA: An enraged man axed his wife, brother-in-law and sister-in-law to death on Saturday over a dowry dispute in Rapewada village under Gangazari police station. On learning about the gruesome crime, villagers thrashed the murder accused, who was later arrested by police.According to information, Uma Ramchand Rangdale, 23, of Rapewada village was married to Naresh Patle of Pandhari (Gongale) village of Sadak Arjuni tehsil about two years ago. Uma was being allegedly harassed for dowry by her in-laws.On August 3, Naresh and Uma went to Rapewada for celebrating Rakshabandhan. In the morning of August 4, Naresh's mother rang up Uma's father Ramchand Rangdale and asked him to send Rs50,000 along with her son, who was in Rapewada then. Rangdale, however, did not care much and proceeded to his field. Upset with this, Naresh started quarrelling with Uma.The quarrel took an ugly turn and Naresh killed Uma with an axe. When her sister Poonam, 21, tried to intervene, Naresh killed her too. He also axed Uma's brother Manoj , 19, who rushed to rescue his sisters, to death. He then locked all three bodies in a room and left the home. The crime came to notice when Uma's father returned home around 5pm. When Rangdale questioned Naresh, he confessed of committing the murders.The news spread like wildfire. Agitated villagers first thrashed Naresh and later alerted Gangazari police. PI Suryawanshi reached the spot and arrested Naresh. Deputy SP Vasant Gaikwad also visited the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15369135", "title": "Goshalas fail to serve the purpose", "text": "DHARWAD: The district administration's initiative in setting up 'goshalas' to provide food and shelter to the cattle in the wake of drought has not been serving the purpose. The district administration has set up two goshalas one each in Dharwad and Kundgol. The two goshalas have come up on the APMC yards but are facing contrasting situation.Each goshala has been provided with two tonne of dry fodder, drinking water facility, medical facility to treat the ailing cattle and insurance cover for each animal taking shelter in the shed. The department of animal husbandry has arranged for these facilities.However, the intake capacity in Kundgol goshala is 50 while the farmers have sought shelter for more than 200 cattles. Farmers from surrounding villages are bringing their cattle to the goshala, unable to feed them and unwilling to sacrifice them to the abattoirs.Clearly the facilities available at the goshala do not meet the requirements. However, the picture is altogether different in Dharwad goshala. Though it has all the facilities, farmers are not inclined to keep their cattle there. The main reason is the lack of adequate staff from veterinary department to treat the ailing cattle.Said a farmer Shivanand Adaki of Kallur village of Dharwad taluk: \"There is shortage of fodder in the taluk and we have not been able to feed our cattle. But if we take them to goshala we have to stay there to take care of our cattle, which is expensive and unviable. The government should have opened goshalas at the hobli level\". Farmer Nagappa Menasinakai who is also the member of Kundgol APMC said the location of goshalas was not correct. The administration should have identified the villages suffering from shortage of fodder and set up goshalas at gram panchayat level, he asserted.With the rain god smiling and the district receiving good rainfall since the last four days, there is hope that the situation will improve.However, the problem of dry fodder will continue to haunt farmers for some more days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373042", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur 2 derives lot more from Godfather", "text": "The second part of the crime-saga that releases this week has even sharper analogy to The Godfather series.It's known by now that Anurag Kashyup's Gangs of Wasseypur had shades of the Hollywood classic The Godfather . The second part of the crime-saga that releases this week has even sharper analogy to The Godfather series. The revenge drama, ruthless vengeance and principal characterizations in Gangs of Wasseypur 2 has a strong parallel scenario with The Godfather .The Godfather is a multi-generational crime saga based in the parlance of organized crime, where a 'godfather' or 'don' stands for the head of a Mafia family. Gangs of Wasseypur (GOW) is a mafia saga that finds a strong connection with Godfather. The Godfather trilogy criticizes the content and structure of typical Hollywood films. Similarly GOW has broken the stereotype and entered the new Gangster saga. The Part 2 is a fitting conclusion to this story of vengeance, which by now, not just the family but also this town has come to inherit.Michael Corleone - the don's youngest son from the Godfather seems like a heroic outsider battling against the corrupt system. Likewise our mafia don Faizal Khan (played by Nawazzudin Siddiqui) has a parallel connection. Michael is cold-blooded, ruthless, smart and determined. His ability to think clearly under fire, to be decisive and to command respect makes him an excellent Godfather. GOW is about the rise of Faizal Khan who will take revenge for his father's and grandfather's death. The character played by Nawazuddin Siddiqui takes over his father's crime empire in Wasseypur.Richard S Castellano as Peter Clemenza is a caporegime for the Corleone family. He is also an old friend of Vito Corleone and Salvatore Tessio. Nasir Ahmed plays the character of the right hand of Khan Clan and helps in difficult situations.Huma Qureshi as Mohsina plays Faizal Khan's wife. The two share an amazing chemistry in spite of the fact that he is a Don and belongs to the mafia family. Diane Keaton as Kay Adams-Corleone also ignores the truth, using her love for Michael as an excuse to avoid seeing the truth that stares in the face.James Caan as Santino \"Sonny\" Corleone played Don Corleone's hot-headed eldest son. He was groomed to succeed his father as head of the Corleone family. Danish Khan played by Vineet Kumar plays that part of Sultan's eldest son.But it's Sultan's widow Nagma played by Richa Chadda who will shock and surprise audiences. She plays mother of Danish, Faizal, Perpendicular and an unnamed son. In Godfather, Morgana King played Carmela Corleone, Vito's wife and mother of Sonny, Fredo, Michael and Connie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368483", "title": "Nagpur continues to miss 115 million litres per day additional water", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) dedicated one of 24 new overhead water tanks to public on Sunday. At this stage, all 24 tanks were to become operational along with new water treatment plant at Godhani providing an additional water supply of 115 million litres per day (MLD) to the city. Even, citizens may not hope for the additional water at least up to March 2013 if the extended deadline is to be considered.Earlier, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari had dedicated the tank to public while MLAs Dinanath Padole, Krishna Khopde, Vikas Kumbhare and MLC Nago Ganar were the other prominent guests present. Mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers including deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari, chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle and others were present along with the officials including executive engineer (JNNURM) Prakash Urade.Sole said that one more newly constructed tank at Shanti Nagar will be inaugurated on August 11. \"Works at other two tanks are all set to complete soon. The works of remaining 20 tanks have been expedited. Citizens will be provided uninterrupted water supply in next two years after bringing 24 tanks into operation,\" he said.According to the data available from the NMC, the Central government under its ambitious JNNURM scheme, had given approval for construction of new water treatment plant with installed capacity of 115 MLD in the name of Pench-IV at Godhani. The approval was given on December 28, 2006. The plant was to become operational by September 2010.Besides, the Centre sanctioned 24 tanks including 22 overhead water tanks (ESR) and two underground water tanks (GSR) under JNNURM on December 28, 2006. The 24 tanks were to become operational by December 2010. These tanks were to get the water supplied from Pench-IV plant. Later, the water was to be distributed among the citizens from these tanks. Thus, the city was to get additional quantity of 115 MLD from January 2011 onwards.According to data available with the NMC, 40% work at the plant could have been completed till June end. The plant may take more time and estimated to be completed by April 2013. The work of tanks is also hit by inordinate delays. However, the works at the two tanks have been completed and two others are in final stage. With no options left, the two new tanks situated in Sakkardara and Shanti Nagar have been connected with Kanhan water treatment plant. This means that the city may not get additional quantity of water even though new tanks are brought into operation unless the Pench-IV plant become operational.However, Sole said that around 1 lakh citizens will be benefitted with the operation of new water tank at Sakkardara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369125", "title": "Patna's tipplers \u2018trip\u2019 over high-end brands", "text": "PATNA: Liquor market in the state capital has lately witnessed a distinct shift towards high-end brands.\"This is not the season for rum. This is an ideal season for whisky and vodka,\" said Patna Liquor Association president Nawal Kishore Singh as he talked about the change in people's taste. Foreign beer brands, he added, are catching the fancy of youngsters and bringing in good business. \"Of the liquor market, beer generally accounts for 20% share, whisky and vodka 60%, rum 15 % and others 5%. The demand pattern fluctuates with season,\" he added.He said vodka has become popular in the city, particularly because it's colourless and one can take it anywhere by diluting it with mineral water. \"With the end of Sawan monght, during which the religiously inclined refrain from non-vegetarian food and drinks, liquor shops have seen a straight 40% growth in business,\" he said.Ravindra Tiwari, manager of a city-based lounge bar, said the new concept of lounge is taking roots in Patna. Youngsters throng the lounge bars but the business and executive class still prefers to get tipsy while driving, at house parties, in clubs or hotels. He said, \"Young girls are also coming out for drinks. However, most of them are professionals who can buy their own drink. Women mostly come in between 6 and 8 in the evening in small groups.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15369022", "title": "State admn officials discuss problems at Jharkhand State Administrative Services Association meet", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State Administrative Services Association (JSASA) on Sunday held a discussion on 'Problems faced by members in criminal cases instituted against them while disposing official work' where the officers shared their problems like inadequate staff and growing work pressure and political interference in their work.\"We face many problems while working in the field. The reality is the number of officers deputed has become less due to which the work load has increased tremendously. There is unusual political pressure, besides FIR lodged in cases. Even after promotion, officers are not posted and all this has adversely affected our morale,\" said circle officer Jay Jyoti Samanta. He said: \"We should liberalize our legal laws. Since the nature of our work is quasi judicial, we also need an Act like the Judicial Protection Act. I say either amend the laws or remove us from the service.\"Officers appointed through second Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) examination, who have been suspended due to alleged irregularities in appointment requested the association to support their struggle for justice.Responding to the request, the members said the association would help them. \"We are there to support every members. We will collect funds for their assistance and support the members in trouble,\" said JSASA president Upendra Narayan Oraon. Shailendra, deputy collector (land reforms), Ranchi, said: \"If a registration officer can get immunity then why not us. We need resources, more officers and protection.\"The JSASA president, said: \"We have prepared a memorandum which we will present to chief minister Arjun Munda . We will keep monitoring the development and if things don't work in our favour then we will decide further course of action at our core committee meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gandhi colony", "code": "15369718", "title": "Bhupinder coins his passion", "text": "GANDHI COLONY: A businessman by profession, and numismatist at heart, Bhupinder Singh, a resident of Gandhi Colony, has been collecting coins for 15 years now. But what is special about his collection is the fact that he collects only 20 paisa Indian coins.\"Collecting coins was a hobby which developed into a passion as time passed. I have been collecting 20 paisa coins for the past 15 years now and have more than 400 coins of the same value,\" says Bhupinder, adding that great collections are built not with money but with passion.While for some coins are a piece of metal, for Bhupinder every Indian coin has a story to tell and is a piece of history. He says, \"For me coins are a piece of history, an expression of a culture, a work of art. They're priceless. But for those who seek to weigh its value - a coin's value increases in proportion to its rarity.\" He adds, \"I started collecting 20 paisa coins because they have completely vanished from the market. While the world has shortage of these, I am a proud owner of 400!\"Bhupinder, 48, gives the credit of collecting coins for him to younger brother and sister settled in Delhi. \"My family understands my passion for these and so they also help me collect 20 paisa coins. Sometimes people give me these for free, but there are also those who charge me for it. I don't mind either way as long as I get to increase my collection.\"Working in hosiery industry, Bhupinder hopes and feels that the 20 paisa coin will regain its glory one day. \"These will regain their lost glory one day \u2014 when people cease to find such coins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374946", "title": "Miranda Kerr's nude photos leaked online", "text": "Nude photographs of Miranda Kerr of unknown vintage have surfaced online.Shot by French fashion photographer, Laurent Darmon, the images were uploaded on his website and then were quickly removed but not before they were reposted elsewhere, News.com.au reported.The black and white photos show Kerr in various flirty poses and are fairly tame by internet standards, artfully hiding anything more risque than her bottom and breasts.Kerr has been photographed in various states of undress since she started modelling, but very few nude shots find their way onto the internet.According to Triple M, the photos were first published in 2009 before her marriage to Orlando Bloom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369976", "title": "Fuel price hike hits ferry services", "text": "KOLKATA: The hike in fuel prices has left the city's water transportation in dire straits. With the ferry services not undergoing a revision of fares, services on some of the routes have been shut. The situation has left thousands of passengers, who avail of the ferry to travel to Dalhousie or the rest of the central business district, jostling for space on the few vessels that are available.The fuel price hike without revision of fare of ferry services across the river Hooghly has hit the city's water transportation to such an extent that daily commuters find it difficulty to board a vessel during the peaks hours. Thousands of passengers who come from their suburban homes to Howrah station by train find ferry sevices most convenient and fast mode of transport to reach their offices in Dalhousie or in rest of the central business district. However, paucity of servives left them jostling for footstep on the vessels.The ferry services were initiated in 1980 to decongest the Howrah Bridge, then the only lifeline between the twin cities, Howrah and Kolkata - is now dying a slow death. There were 20 vessels that operated by the Hooghly Nadi Jalapath Paribahan Samabai Samity, a cooperative society formed to run the services. However, funds crunch and ever-increasing expenditure has led to the closure of some of the services, Armenian Ghat to Natun Mandir via Jagannath Ghat and Golabari and Bagbazar to Cossipore via Ratanbabu Ghat being the significant ones among them.\"Running ferry services in certain sectors has become a highly loss-making proposition because there has been no revision of fare since 2005. There has been consistent hike in the price of fuel in the last few years. So the number services were drastically reduced to strike a balance between the income and expenditure. Unless the government comes forward with a plan of rejuvenating the services, it will go moribund,\" said an officer of Hooghly Nadi Jalapath Paribahan Samabay Samity, a cooperative society that runs the ferry services.The cooperative society was declared sick during the erstwhile Left Front government because of wrong planning. \"Inland water transport (IWT) was our parent body. After its introduction in 1980, there was inflow of huge fund from the Centre. The state government disbanded IWT and formed surface transport corporation to channelise the fund. What happened was a recipe for disaster. The surface transport corporation started building jetties alongside ours and started running ferry services on our profitable routes,\" said an officer.Now, the cooperative society runs 37 vessels (12 owned by the government, 10 by the cooperative itself) and 15 hired from private owners at Rs 15,000 per month. With fuel cost increasing steadily, the cooperative is failing to pay the required rate to the private operators. The vessels are being withdrawn from the services. \"The fuel bill has gone up to Rs 30 to 34 lakh per month. We pay through our nose for maintenance of the jetties and vessels. However, our income still stands at somewhere around Rs 72,000,\" said the officer.\"Now we urgently need government help for survival. The earlier government did not do that. Instead of incorporating us, they began a parallel system by wasting resources. But we are seeing a flicker of hope the way this new government has revived the original parent body IWT by chief minister Mamata Banerjee ,\" said the cooperative society's assistant manager Debranjan Mandal.After the new government was formed, the earlier board of the cooperative society was also disbanded. Now an administrator runs the show. The secretary of the former board and former MLA Mohan Mandal said, \"This government has no other intention but to hand over this system to some private player. They have already scaled down the salary by Rs 4000 a month, the hike we gave to the employees. So employees are also getting demoralised.\"The state transport minister Madan Mitra said, \"We have inherited a lot of mess created in the last 34 years. We are in the process of a lot of restructuring. The water transportation system will also be revived.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15371950", "title": "Apple reveals 'origin and history' of iOS in Samsung patent trial", "text": "WASHINGTON: Tech giant Apple's senior vice president, Scott Forstall, has revealed all the secrecy, hard work and innovation that went into developing the iOS user interface, in its 2.5 billion dollar patent trial with South Korean mobile maker Samsung.\"The goal of an operating system is to run all of the machine, is to drive the machine. We wanted an operating system that could last for another 20 years. The strategy was a modern operating system,\" Wired.com quoted Forstall, as saying.Forstall, an Apple veteran since 1997, discussed how Apple decided to embark on the iPhone project.\"I remember sitting with Steve and some others, and we all had cell phones and hated our cell phones. Could we use the technology we'd been using with touch and use that same technology to build a phone, something that could fit in your pocket, but give it all the same power we were looking at giving the tablet?\" Forstall and his colleagues had wondered.Forstall claimed that the secretive iPhone project was originally called \"Purple Project,\" and the engineers involved weren't told anything about what they'd be working on, or who'd they'd be working for, when they were recruited and the building used for iPhone development was called the \"purple dorm.\"\"We put up a sign that said 'fight club', first rule of the Purple Project is you don't talk about Purple Project outside those doors,\" he said.Forstall referred to developing the onscreen keyboard as \"a science project.\"However, Samsung's attorney, while questioning Forstall, focussed on internal Apple documents to illustrate how Apple looked to competitors, particularly Samsung, for inspiration.One very interesting piece of evidence brought up by Samsung's counsel was an internal email between Apple executives talking about the 7-inch tablet size, in which referring to the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7, Apple VP of internet software and services Eddy Cue wrote, \"I believe there will be a 7-inch [tablet] market and we should do one,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375355", "title": "Kate prefers to go knickerless!", "text": "This happens to be the actress' confession!We have seen her fighting the goons and saving the world from unjust but the woman so bold on screen is much naughty off screen.Kate Beckinsale the Underworld star admits she hates wearing knickers. She feels more comfortable without knickers.The actress has admitted, \"Yeah, I don't wear knickers unless I am wearing a short skirt or may be if I am going on a mountain expedition with extra layers. But no, I don't like them!\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "cairo/jerusalem", "code": "15373136", "title": "16 soldiers killed in terrorist attack in Egypt", "text": "CAIRO/JERUSALEM: Sixteen Egyptian army border guards were killed and seven others injured in an attack by 'jihadists' from inside the Hamas-controlled Gaza strip in a terror strike months after Islamist Mohammed Mursi took over as the country's president.In a dramatic turn of events, the five gunmen involved in the attack were reported killed hours later near the Israeli border, an Israeli army spokesman said.\"The bodies of the five gunmen have been found by the Israeli army,\" the spokesman said without giving any details.Earlier Egyptian security sources said the five gunmen dressed up in Bedouin attire drove up to a border checkpoint between Egypt and the West Bank and opened indiscriminate fire, killing 16 border guards.The official MENA news agency described the attackers as 'jihadists' from the Hamas-controlled Gaza strip.Eyewitnesses said the attack came as the soldiers at the checkpoint were breaking their Ramzan fast. They said the soldiers were caught totally off guard and had no chance to retaliate.President Mursi held an emergency meeting with military and intelligence officials and later in a televised address vowed to retake control of the Sinai.\"The security forces will take full control of the area,\" Mursi said.Hundreds of Islamists were released under a general amnesty just two weeks ago in a first major decision by the new President.Mursi has also expressed rapprochement with Hamas hosting the premier of the deposed government in the West Bank Ismail Haniyah, exporting diesel fuel to Gaza and opening the Rafah border unconditionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15375423", "title": "56-years old woman undergoes knee-resurfacing procedure to get rid of osteoarthritis", "text": "BANGALORE: Kshama Pujari, 56, (name changed) was almost immobile for over five years due to grade II osteoarthritis . The pain in her right knee was so severe that she could not move out of her bedroom. Only solution was to continue medication and physiotherapy, which tired her mentally. She was then suggested to undergo knee-resurfacing surgery.The surgery done with almost no blood loss can save the patient from the trauma of undergoing knee replacement and is done in less than one hour's time, leaving all the joint bones natural and virtually untouched.\"Post Operation, the patient recovered well and was walking well which is unheard of with current surgical modalities with early and moderate arthritis. Pain relief and Improved Movement of the knee joint were reported within few hours of the procedure,\" said Dr Chandrashekhar P, Consultant, orthopedic surgeon, Fortis Hospitals.In very severe stages (grade 4) of knee arthritis Total knee replacement remains the surgery of choice but in patients suffering from early to moderate arthritis (grade 2 to early grade 3) the knee resurfacing surgery is a major innovation as patients would have tried physiotherapy and pain killers and knee resurfacing surgery not only provides pain relief but restoring the normal biomechanics of knee.What is knee-resurfacing implant?It is a unique, minimally invasive device composed of cobalt-chrome alloy. The implant functions to replace some of the cartilage that has been lost due to osteoarthritis. The implant's unique engineering provides positional stability without the use of rigid fixation methods or the removal of bone. Its geometric design allows it to fit the natural shape of the knee joint and allow full articulation and retains the biomechanics of knee to normal. It comes in a range of sizes to fit patient anatomy. It is a treatment option, which bridges the gap between injections and total joint replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373713", "title": "Mahesh Shetty the new man in Siddhi\u2019s life in Parichay?", "text": "TOI has been exclusively churning out stories about Balaji Telefilms' court room drama 'Parichay' aired on Colors' TV.We were the first one to report about the show taking a generation leap and the main leads Siddhi and Kunal getting separated.After Ekta's nation-wide hunt for Siddhi and Kunal's twin's finally coming to an end, the show is now geared up to see yet another entry. The latest piece of information that we have gathered is that soon a new man will enter Siddhi's ( Keerti Nagpure) life, who will take care of Siddhi and one of her son. Mahesh Shetty, who was last seen as Siddhanth, Ram Kapoor's evil brother in 'Bade Acche Lagte Hain' will enter the show as Ronit Diwan. He will play Sulekha's (Aroona Irani's) son and after Kunal ( Samir Soni) and Siddhi's divorce he will take care of Siddhi and her son. Mahesh is expected to begin shooting in next couple of days. When contacted, Mahesh said, \"Talks are still on and nothing has been finalized so it's early to comment on anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15369605", "title": "UK, Saudi Arabia, South Africa most lazy nations", "text": "LONDON: People in Britain, Saudi Arabia, UAE and South Africa are among the laziest in the world, according to a new study.In a global study carried out by journal The Lancet which included results from 122 countries, the UK was found to be one of the most inactive countries, with a staggering 63.3% of the population being inactive while Greece was labelled the least lazy nation.North America was at 46th spot with 40% inactive population. Malta with 71.9% and Swaziland with 69% inactive population topped the list. UAE with inactive population of 62.5%, S Africa with 52.4% and Bhutan with 52.3% were also among the top twenty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15370132", "title": "Officials wake up to jumbo plight", "text": "KOTTAYAM: In the wake of spurt in atrocities committed against the elephants, the District Animal Husbandry department here has issued strict orders about following the rules regarding management of captive elephants.These rules have to be followed by elephant owners, mahouts and public as well, said Dr Gopalakrishnan Nair, district animal husbandry officer.Atrocities against elephants should be brought to the attention of the department at the earliest, he said.Forest, police, revenue and veterinary officials should be informed about using elephants for various functions. If more than three elephants are used, the service of the elephant squad should be sought.Regarding the food for the elephants used in such functions, he said food with high water content and plenty of drinking water should be provided daily.Elephants showing symptoms of musth should not be used for festivals or put to any other work.The name of the elephant and its owner should be displayed on a board and well trained mahouts(minimum two) should accompany these elephants. Mahouts should not consume alcohol while taking the elephant for a function or to work.He also strictly banned using the services of the elephant for any function from 11am-3pm. During functions or festivals, when the elephants are used, a distance of 1.5 meters should be maintained on the sides and 4 meters in the front and back sides between elephants. No fireworks should be there within a radius of 50 meters.Elephants should not be used for work or functions more than eight hours a day. They should be transported in vehicles strictly following the rules only.Necessary arrangements should be made for the elephant to take rest.Those elephants brought from other district should have the certificate of the forest department.The elephant owners and mahouts should strictly follow the Kerala captive elephants (Management and Maintenance) Rules, 2003, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15375385", "title": "State receives surplus rainfall for third straight day", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in five districts; fairly widespread in two districts; scattered in seven; isolated in 16 in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday, a period that saw Srimangala in Virajpet taluk of Kodagu record maximum rainfall of 225mm. South-west monsoon was active in six districts, normal in 14 and weak in 10 districts. Very heavy rain was recorded in six districts, heavy rain in one, and moderate rain in 22 districts.Widespread, heavy to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, DK and Uttara Kannada; fairly widespread, very heavy rain in Hassan and Chikmagalur; scattered, moderate rain in Gulbarga, Dharwad, Davanagere, Haveri, Chitradurga, Bangalore Urban and Mysore; isolated, light to moderate rainin Bellary, Chikkaballapur, Koppal, Bangalore Rural, Chamarajanagar, Ramanagar, Yadgir, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Bijapur, Raichur, Tumkur, Gadag, Bagalkot and Kolar.Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state. Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday is considered as scattered since 35% of hoblis and gram panchayath recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 6 has recorded deficit rainfall of 36%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 520.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 334.2mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 6, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 10.7mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 7.3mm, a surplus of 47%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368543", "title": "CBSE to test its students\u2019 problem solving skills", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 9 and 11 students from Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) schools will have more tests to take and they will not have an option of opting out of this one. Following complaints about students not having problem solving or communication skills, the CBSE has decided to hold exams to test these very skills.Starting this academic year, the CBSE will hold a compulsory Problem Solving Assessment (CBSE-PSA) to encourage students to start thinking, instead of just borrowing ideas. It will assess students in quantitative and qualitative reasoning and language conventions.CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi in his letter to principals of affiliated schools in support of the initiative said, \"It is widely acknowledged that research and analytical skills, ability to apply basic concepts of different subjects, solve application-based problems in mathematics and science, comprehend and analyse written text and effective communication are the skills which ensure success in higher studies and professional areas.\" He expects these dimensions of 21st century life skills to assist learners in skills such as problem solving and decision making.Though the assessment will not be based on a particular syllabus, there are broad guidelines on how the questions will be framed. Questions in the quantitative reasoning section will test students in areas related to mathematics, science and technology; while in qualitative reasoning students will be tested in humanities, arts and social sciences.The multiple choice questions-based test is expected to assess the student's ability to process, interpret and use information rather than assess the student's prior subject-matter knowledge. Educational consultant K R Maalathi said, \"Our children are smart, but a lot depend on the guidance of parents or teachers. Such an initiative will train them to harness their knowledge and approach any problem confidently.\"The 60-minute test for 90 marks is expected to be conducted between January and February 2013. The marks scored will be counted towards the fourth formative assessment, which is 10% of the total assessments of Class 9. The same assessment marks will also be used for the FA-4 in Class 10, though students will have the option of improving on it in Class 10. The scores will be reflected in the language paper, mathematics, science and social science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15369623", "title": "Varanasi stands average in rural sanitation facilities", "text": "VARANASI: While the condition of sanitation in urban areas of city is pathetic, the performance of the district in rural sanitation under Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) is also just average. However it is in better position than the districts like Lucknow, Allahabad and Kanpur in rural sanitation.In the ranking of Performance Benchmarking of Districts (March 2010) by the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, Varanasi scored average ranking of 163 with a grand score of 47. While Lucknow gets the rank of 198 with 43 score. Allahabad goes further below on 270th rank with a scoring point of 37. With a low score of 33 Kanpur Nagar has a ranking of 332, but Kanpur Dehat has an improved ranking of 185 with 44 scoring point. All these districts are in the category of average in the ranking. Interestingly Mirzapur district occupies a better ranking (127) of above average with the grand score of 52.For the benchmarking state and district performance on TSC, a quantitative model has been developed which consists of a simple four-step process. This model comprises eight key performance indicators, each of, which is assigned a weighted score. The maximum cumulative performance score that a state or district can achieve is 100 and the minimum is zero. On this basis, all states and districts have been divided into four colour-coded performance bands depending on the cumulative performance score achieved.The TSC or Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA) is a comprehensive programme to ensure sanitation facilities in rural areas with broader goal to eradicate the practice of open defecation. NBA as a part of reform principles was initiated in 1999 when Central Rural Sanitation Programme was restructured making it demand driven and people centered. It follows a principle of 'low to no subsidy' where a nominal subsidy in the form of incentive is given to rural poor households for construction of toilets. The key intervention areas are Individual household latrines (IHHL), School Sanitation and Hygiene Education (SSHE), Community Sanitary Complex, Anganwadi toilets supported by Rural Sanitary Marts (RSMs) and Production Centers (PCs). The main goal of the GOI is to eradicate the practice of open defecation by 2017. The project is being implemented in rural areas taking district as a unit of implementation.According to a report -'A decade of Total Sanitation Campaign Rapid Assessment of processes and outcomes' prepared under Water and Sanitation Programme (WSP) by the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, open defecation is a traditional behaviour in rural India. This, along with the relative neglect of sanitation in terms of development priorities, was reflected in the country's low sanitation coverage at the close of the 1990s when it was found that only one in five rural households had access to a toilet (Census 2001). This fact combined with low awareness of improved hygiene behaviour, made the achievement of the goal of total sanitation a pressing challenge in rural India. In response to this challenge, the Government of India launched the TSC with the goal of achieving universal rural sanitation coverage by 2012.The report says that the national coverage has significantly scaled up to about 60 percent till March 2010. However, there have been significant differences in the coverage between the states. In absolute terms, approximately five crore toilets need to be constructed. At the present rate, significant acceleration is required in some states to meet the goal of open defecation free (ODF) by 2012. At the present rate of coverage, it is expected that ODF India will be reached only by 2018 at the national level, but will take another half a century in states that are lagging behind.Over a decade has passed after the launch of TSC, but the practice of open defection is still common particularly in rural areas. According to the records, Varanasi has 56 per cent household sanitation coverage by March 2010. The district got projects worth of Rs 4,602.62 lakh in 2001 for the implementation of various components including individual household latrines (IHHL) and sanitary complex for women (SCW).In these projects, the central share was Rs 3,094.67 lakh while the shares of state and beneficiaries were Rs 1,103.01 lakh and Rs 404.94 lakh respectively. The components of the projects included 3,54,464 individual household latrines (IHHL), 47 sanitary complex for women (SCW), 4,471 school toilets and 1,532 Anganwadi toilets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370252", "title": "Cops crack down on 100 bikers", "text": "NASHIK: As friendship fever gripped youngsters and most of them zoomed around College Road flaunting their bikes and their driving skills, the city police cracked the whip on Sunday evening.The Sarkarwada and Gangapur Road police descended in strong numbers anticipating the uncontrolled enthusiasm among youngsters about Friendship Day.Many youths zooming from one end of the road to the other on their bikes were stopped by the police, who checked their licences and documents of the vehicles.While many youngsters did not have documents, others who had put up fanciful number plates also faced the music at the hands of the police.With the rising number of bikes with such number plates noticed by the cops, additional police commissioner Sanjeev Thakur reached the spot and took action against over 100 bikers under the Motor Vehicles Act.The police also removed the number plates from some vehicles, directing the bikers to get proper plates fixed quickly.Police officials said the action was necessary as it would serve as a warning to enthusiasts planning Frie-ndship Day celebrations on Monday, when colleges will be open.Sunday's action was near important junctions on College Road, where the rush is constant. Apart from Thakur, Ganesh Shinde of zone 1 kept a vigil of the area all through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368768", "title": "Train runs over 55-year-old railway employee at Lucknow Junction", "text": "LUCKNOW: A railway personnel was run over by a train at Lucknow Junction station on Sunday. The deceased was identified as 55-year-old Ram Singh. He was the resident of Loco Colony, Mawaiyya. Railway got to know of the accident at around 5.45 p.m.He had died while working on the tracks. His tools were recovered from the site of the accident. Railway unions and the family members of the deceased created a ruckus at the station and demanded compensation. The body was removed only after the senior divisional officers including the divisional railway manager VK Yadav reached the spot. The body was removed at around 8.00 pm and the railway line was restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367884", "title": "Ramasamy aides lay off rumours of split", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ongoing rift in the Kongu Nadu Munnetra Kazhagam (KMK)seems to be far from over as the general body meeting of the party held here in the city today passed a resolution bestowing full authority on Best Ramasamy regarding all party matters on Sunday. Participants condemned the party general secretary ER Easwaran and his faction of supporters and blamed them for straying away from the basic ideology of the party and violating the bylaws laid down by the outfit.The factionalism within the senior leadership of the party under president Ramasamy and Easwaran had intensified lately and there has been strong indications that the outfit is heading for a vertical split but this has been 'officially' dismissed by KMK cadres.The general body is being seen as a show of internal strength within the party ranks as it was convened ahead of another meeting called by Easwaran and his supporters in Tirupur on August 12. Ramasamy supporters have also passed a resolution today citing that the KMK will not have any formal association with the proposed August 12 meeting. Around 30 people who were given official powers within the party have been stripped of their appointments at the general body meeting.\"There was a planned move conducted by some senior party members to shift the balance of power from one side to the other. We are now trying to ensure that this does not happen,\" said a senior KMK leader from the Ramasamy camp.Apart from internal party politics, the general body also discussed the plight of coconut farmers in the region and decided to appeal to the state government to start procuring coconut directly from farmers to bail them out of the crisis. The KMK general body also condemned the Kerala government's alleged move to construct a check dam across Siruvani River which could affect the supply of drinking water to Coimbatore city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375116", "title": "I don't want to be watched!", "text": "19-year-old Gayathri R from Bangalore has her hands full from Monday to Friday. Shuttling between her German classes, kathak and her regular communicative English and journalism course, hectic would be an understatement for the Koramangala resident.Naturally, her day out with friends on Saturdays is non-negotiable. \"Strictly, no studies and extra-curricular for me on Saturdays. I wake up only to go out,\" says Gayathri.Tell her about the new rule by the Bangalore police to install CCTV cameras in pubs and restaurants, she reacts like any other Gen Y. \"Ridiculous. Who's the police to intrude into our privacy? We are in a democracy. Not in Afghanistan.''Not that all youngsters in the city who hit pubs and restaurants to relax indulge in \"anti-social\" activities. \"I don't want a camera watching me all the time I'm with friends. My parents know that I go out with friends. And if they are okay with it, why should anyone else in the world have a problem?'' asks Uddhav A, an-18 year-old who is in a boarding school and comes downtown only on holidays.Clearly, installing CCTVs is not the solution to maintaining law and order. If the Mangalore party attack last week has triggered the CCTV idea, then the men who barged into a birthday party and molested girls should be thrown behind bars forever. Why should we penalise the innocent and let the culprits go away with the mildest of punishments?If the police argument is that CCTV cameras help them nab trouble makers, Bangaloreans would want to know how many cases have been cracked with images from CCTV cameras. The sensational Mahantesh murder is the perfect example of how effective are our CCTV cameras. The cops have never been able to nab the killers or even track the car the killers drove simply because the recorded images were poor by the cops' own admission. In fact, the CCTV at the Palace Road traffic junction could not capture any image!Forget CCTVs in pubs for a while. There are several other steps the cops can take to maintain law and order. Eve-teasers are just about everywhere. Why can't policemen be posted in public places to ensure that girls walk in peace? Why can't autodrivers who mock female passengers be punished?Can't Bangalore's police get their priorities right. Why must they intrude upon our privacy and disrupt our quality of life by installing CCTVs?Sorry we don't want to be watched!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369440", "title": "Homemaker robbed of gold chain", "text": "MYSORE: A homemaker was robbed of her gold chain by motorbike-borne youths in Kuvempunagar on Sunday.Police said Sudha, 44, a resident of Ramakrishnanagar, was standing near Ganapathi temple around 11.30am when two youths snatched the chain of 60 gram of gold and fled. Kuvempunagr police are investigating.Vehicle lifter heldNarasimharaja police have solved three vehicle lifting cases by arresting an accused on Sunday. Police arrested Mohammed Abrar of T Narasipura, who was found in suspicious circumstances near Bannimantap on Saturday. During questioning, the accused said that he had stolen three four-wheelers in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375005", "title": "'Harry Potter' could have been US teen drama", "text": "'Harry Potter' film series would have been more of an American teenage drama, with cheerleaders at a quidditch match, had movie bosses had their way, the film's producer has revealed.David Heyman , the 51-year-old who bought the film rights to the 'Harry Potter' series in 1999, said in initial discussions with Warner Brothers it had been proposed that the wizarding saga should have been relocated to across the Atlantic.\"In some of the first talks with writers in America there was talk of moving it to the States, you know, cheerleaders and the like,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling the Independent.\"That just never really rang true because it really was culturally so British,\" he said.Despite the apparent pressure to make 'Harry Potter' more attractive to American viewers, Heyman - who subsequently produced all of the films in the 5-billion-pound grossing franchise - said that he was glad that he stood his ground over keeping the film version true to the original.\"It wouldn't have made sense for the homes, the institutions and those gothic structures to be set in America,\" he said.But despite earning J.K.Rowling a fortune, it seemed that converting Hogwarts into an American-style high school would have fundamentally gone against the author's wishes.The 47-year-old author had initially insisted that the principal cast in the film was to be kept strictly British, keeping with the original novel.And it seemed that her fears that she \"didn't want to give them (movie bosses) control over the rest of the story\" by selling off the rights to characters, could have been well-founded if the plans to Americanise the film adaption had gone ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "15369979", "title": "IIT Kharagpur professor hits bike, toddler injured", "text": "KHARAGPUR: A two-year-old girl was injured when a car driven by an IIT Kharagpur professor rammed into the motorcycle on which the girl was travelling with her father near the institute campus on Sunday night. The girl's family alleged that the professor was driving in an inebriated state. Though police have seized the vehicle, no arrest has been made yet.At around 8pm on Sunday, professor Pradip Bhowmik, who works at the rural development centre of IIT Kharagpur, was driving back to the institute campus when the accident happened. Bhowmik first rammed a motorcycle near Prem Bazar, about three kilometres from the campus. The motorcyclist escaped unhurt.But as Bhowmick started driving towards the campus, he again hit the motorcycle of Debabrata Adhikari. Adhikari's daughter Deblina was riding pillion. The accident left the little girl injured and she was taken to the Kharagpur subdivisional hospital for treatment.Though the professor's car has been impounded and kept at the Hijli police outpost located within the IIT premises, police have not arrested Bhowmik claiming that they are yet to receive a written complaint. have not got any written complaint.dashed on the motorcyclist Debabrata Adhikari, a stone's throw away from the IIT Kharagpur campus. Adhikari had her daughter Deblina riding pillion. The little girl sustained injuries and has been rushed to the Kharagpur sub-divisional Hospital for treatment. Though the professor's car has been impounded and kept at the Hijli police outpost located inside the IIT premises, police has not arrested Bhowmik saying that they have not got any written complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367621", "title": "Did chemicals from fireworks set TN Express ablaze?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) officials said they found chemicals used in the manufacture of fire crackers in the ill-fated Tamil Nadu Express's S-11 coach in which 30 passengers were charred to death.APFSL sources said that they found potassium chloride and magnesium in the coach. Magnesium is used in crackers for emitting different colours. Officials said that they found some unexploded samples besides potassium chloride used in the making of crackers. Some passengers may have been clandestinely carrying a huge quantity of crackers in the train, the sources added. ``The cracker blasts could have been mistaken for a bomb blast,'' a senior forensic officer told TOI.The experts have so far not found any trace of ammonium nitrate which is used in bombs. However, what triggered the fire is yet to be established. Officials presumed that one of the crackers which bursts on friction like `Uuli bomb', might have ignited the flame. Police officials said that most victims were those who were keen on taking along their luggage with them. APFSL officials said that it would take at least a month to give their report as they had to conduct several tests before reaching a final conclusion on the reason behind the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15372249", "title": "US gurdwara killing: Shooter was a 'white man with 9/11 tattoo'", "text": "NEW YORK: The gunman who went on a killing spree inside a gurdwara in Wisconsin was a \"white man with a 9/11 tattoo\" on his arm, according to eyewitnesses.Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka said those rescued from the Oak Creek, Milwaukee gurdwara described the attacker as a bald, white man, dressed in a white T-shirt and black pants and with a 9/11 tattoo on one arm -- which \"implies to me that there's some level of hate crime there.\"Kaleka, a nephew of the gurdwara's president, told CNN that the gunman started shooting in the parking lot and killed at least one person there. He \"then entered into the temple and proceeded to open fire.\"\"It seems the few casualties that have been divulged to me have been the equivalent of priests, the holy leaders of our people,\" he said.\"My uncle is one of the administrators of the temple. It's mainly those individuals who have been targeted or shot. Maybe it's because the ladies were fortunate enough to dodge it out, but so far most of the people I've heard have been shot and killed were all turbaned males.\"Kaleka said he was not at the temple at the time of the shooting, but helped police interview witnesses and other congregation members once they were rescued.Meanwhile, FBI agents had cordoned off a street in Cudahy, a town about five miles from the gurdwara, where it was executing a search warrant related to the shooting.A team of law enforcement officers, including from the Milwaukee County Sheriff's department and the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, surrounded a duplex in Cudahy.Authorities cordoned off the area and the neighbourhood was being evacuated.Police have searched the suspect's home, \"a short distance\" from the temple, a law enforcement source told CNN who added that a single 9mm semi- automatic pistol believed to have been used by the gunman was found at the scene, along with a weapon that belonged to a police officer who was injured.Some members of the community told local news channels that Sikhs had been targeted in hate crimes following the September 11 attacks.They said people often falsely identify them as Muslims because of their bearded and turbaned appearance.According to the Association of Religion Data Archives, there are around 314,000 Sikhs in the United States .In April, representative Joseph Crowley , Democrat of New York and co-chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Indians and Indian-Americans had sent a letter to attorney general Eric Holder urging that the FBI collect data on hate crimes committed against Sikhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15374186", "title": "Power minister moots independent audits of transmission grids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The power ministry on Monday proposed to carry out independent audit of transmission grids within three months, a move that comes amid massive failures of grids last week that affected half of the country's population.The decision was taken at a meeting here chaired by power secretary P Uma Shankar and attended by members of various sectoral bodies and Power Grid besides officials from eight northern states and Chandigarh, among others.Sources said one of the resolutions taken at the meeting was to have independent third party audit of the protection systems for power grids, within three months. The process is to be monitored by regional power committees.Following the collapse of three grids -- northern, eastern and north eastern -- on July 31, new power minister Veerappa Moily had called for this meeting of sectoral experts and state government officials.Later in the day, Moily is scheduled to meet chief ministers from eight northern states including Delhi and Rajasthan and administrator of Chandigarh union territory.The tripping of grids on July 31 happened less than 24 hours after northern grid failed and was restored.During the morning meeting, the members also resolved to put in place adequate defence plans and protection systems to ensure integrated operations of the national and regional grids in adherence with the Indian Electricity Grid Code, sources said.They noted it was also decided that all the utilities should adopt good operation and maintenance practices. The same would be subject to random checks by regional power committees.Apart from power secretary, members of Central Electricity Authority (CEA), Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), Power Grid Chairman and Managing Director R N Nayak and POSOCO representatives also participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15369908", "title": "After Sharad Pawar flak, Ajit Pawar backs RR Patil", "text": "PUNE: A day after Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar slammed state home minister RR Patil for the poor law-and-order situation in the state, the latter found some solace in deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's statement on Sunday that senior Pawar's observations did not mean that there would be a cabinet reshuffle.Ajit, who was interacting with the media after a meeting of NCP leaders in the city, ruled out the possibility of Patil losing his job as home minister in the backdrop of the serial blasts in Pune.Sharad, who was in Mumbai for a high-level meeting of NCP cabinet members on Saturday, had blasted Patil for his \"inept handling of the law-and-order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune\".He had pointed out that Pune and certain cities in the state are on the hit list of terrorists. \"Our intelligence gathering network appears to be poor. This is unacceptable. There seems to be negligence at certain levels and the state must take stringent action if its officers are not performing,\" he had said.Asked about the senior Pawar's observations, Ajit said he had the right to raise questions.\"He is the senior-most leader of our party and can express his observations about the functioning of any ministry. If he feels something is going wrong, he says it. He does it often. If he feels that I am doing something wrong, he points it out to me too. He has done the same in the case of the Pune blasts. It does not mean that Patil will lose his ministry,\" he said.Ajit also said police commissioner Gulabrao Pol's observation about the serial blasts being a possible mischief was \"wrong\". On Wednesday, Pol had initially ruled out the angle of a terror attack in the blasts and had said it was a possible mischief by some anti-social elements.Taking a serious note of the lack of CCTVs at public places in the city, Ajit said the project to install them will be initiated soon and completed in a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367785", "title": "Berasia case: Deceased wife cooked up dacoits role", "text": "BHOPAL: The sensational murder-cum-robbery at Berasia the other night, turned out to be a case cooked-up by the wife of the deceased, who along with her alleged paramour murdered him. The deceased, Dhanveer's wife, had complained that five dacoits had forced their way into their house late Friday night and strangulated her husband before escaping with cash and valuables.The police claimed to have cracked the case in about 24 hours as the 12-year-old son of the deceased who was a witness to the incident spilled the beans before the police.Police said Dhanveer's wife Banarsi Bai, 30, along with her lover, Sonu, 22, had murdered Dhanveer, while he was sleeping. Dhanveer's son, Ravi, 12, who woke up after listening to some disturbance was a witness to the murder. Ravi told the police during interrogation that his mother and Sonu had killed his father.Sonu had threatened to eliminate Ravi if he revealed the incident to anyone.However, when the police separately recorded the statements of every family member of the deceased individually including the woman and her three kids Ravi 12, Madhu 8 and Raju 6, the plot was revealed.The police said that the other accused - Sonu - from the past few years used to help Dhanveer, who owned a tractor and some farmland, in his dealings. Sonu used to visit Dhanveer's home often and developed illicit relations with Banarsi, police said.When Dhanveer started suspecting them, the duo decided to eliminate him, the police added. The police said Dhanveer was drunk and sleeping in his house after dinner when Sonu came in and murdered him with the help of the woman. After Sonu moved out from the house, the lady raised an alarm and subsequently misled the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "15369949", "title": "Cops seek character proof for FIR", "text": "JHARGRAM: The Jhargram Police has asked a middle-aged woman, who'd gone to them seeking help after her husband was assaulted, to furnish a \"mass petition\" which certifies her character. The woman, a domestic help, had till Sunday managed to get 14 persons to certify her character including one from her former municipality councillor Shyamal Sarkar. Jhargram SP Bharati Ghosh police superintendent, incidentally a woman herself, has ordered an inquiry into the matter.Tuli Mondal's ordeal started last Monday when her husband, Mithu, was assaulted by some of her relatives and locals at Bachurdoba. She had gone to police to lodge a complaint the same day but it was reportedly turned down.When Tuli went to the police station again on Thursday, Jhargram inspector incharge N Singha Roy reportedly told her that locals had lodged a complaint against her and her husband which questioned her character. Her complaint will be accepted only if she submits a mass petition proving otherwise, she was told. Since then, Tuli was approaching people to help her lodge a complaint.She went to them again on Thursday only to be told by the Jhargram Inspector-in-Charge N.Singha Roy that locals have already lodged a complaint - against her and her husband - questioning her character and she needs to furnish a mass petition proving otherwise till her complaint is accepted. Since that day Tuli had been approaching people to help her lodge a police complaint.The Jhargram SP first said no such complaint was lodged. She then confirmed that an inquiry had been ordered and if found guilty no policeman would be spared. DIG (Midnapore Range) L N Meena said, \"This is a very serious charge, if true. An inquiry is being conducted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15368142", "title": "Cop learns from Dhoble, raids two bars", "text": "The Mumbai police's social service branch (SSB) is at it again. Early on Sunday, a team stormed into two upscale restobars in Worli and Santa Cruz, booking their managers for playing music without licence and allowing overcrowding, besides other charges. The patrons, though, were spared any harassment, unlike previous raids conducted by the SSB.The first raid was carried out around 12.05 am at Cafe Cool Chef in Worli Koliwada, where a builder's son was celebrating his birthday. An hour later, another raid was conducted at Balthazar restaurant on Juhu Tara Road, Santa Cruz (West). The SSB team said they acted on tip-offs. The manager of the Worli cafe was taken to the Dadar police station and that of Balthazar to the Santa Cruz police station. Each was fined Rs 12,500 and allowed to leave.The law permits 78 people in a 500-sq-ft establishment and 166 in a 1,000-sq-ft enclosure. An SSB officer said 175 people were present at Cafe Cool Chef at the time of the raid and 250-300 people at Balthazar, including staffers. But Tarun Thadani of Cafe Cool Chef refuted the claim. \"There were only 49 guests at the birthday party. We have capacity to accommodate 200 people at the cafe. The police checked our licences and did not harass us. But pulling us up for overcrowding was unnecessary,\" he said.The builder's son, who is 25, said light music was being played and the volume was not high. \"We were held up for about half an hour, during which our names were written down.\"Assistant commissioner Firoz Patel, who led the raid, said, \"Our personnel videographed the goings-on at the establishments. DJs were playing loud music, despite the restobars not having a licence for it. We booked the managers for violating regulations. Patrons were allowed to leave after they gave us their names and contact numbers. We jotted down their details for evidence that the place was overcrowded.\"The charge of licencee remaining absent was also pressed on the two restobars, said Patel, a colleague of ACP Vasant Dhoble, who has been in the news in recent months for raiding bars and pubs.Balthazar owner Jahan Sayyed said a wedding at a banquet hall next to the restaurant had caused a traffic jam. \"Double parking on the road could have brought the cops to the area. They probably thought the music being played at our establishment was loud, but we have all licences in place. As far as absence of the licencee is concerned, I cannot remain present on the premises at all hours.\"A restobar owner criticised the police action, saying, \"Such raids discourage people from visiting pubs. The general sentiment becomes not to visit for fear of facing hassles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367676", "title": "Intelligence Bureau sounds terror alert for Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four days after the serial blasts in Pune, the central intelligence bureau (IB) alerted police in Delhi and Gujarat of a possible terror threat. The alert was issued on Saturday. State police officials said that precautions have been taken to thwart any terror strike.\"It is a specific input about activities of terror suspects,\" said a senior state police official. \"The high alert has been sounded specifically for Ahmedabad and generally for the entire state and it will remain in place for ten days till August 15. Junagadh, where state-level Independence Day celebrations will be held, has also been given extra security cover.\"Officials said that agencies such as local crime branch, local intelligence bureau, detection of crime branch, prevention of crime branch, and special operations group have been asked to keep an eye on suspicious movements. As it is the festive season in Gujarat, religious sites will be closely watched.\"Precautionary measures include strengthening of security at entry and exit points of the city including railway stations, bus stations, and the airport,\" the official said. \"Security of important installations will also be periodically reviewed in association with the respective police agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15368115", "title": "Water resources department subsidy for rainwater harvesting", "text": "PANAJI: While the water resources department (WRD) has initiated subsidy schemes for rainwater harvesting, storing and usage in Goa, the locations for these will be identified in a phased manner. The above initiatives are expected to augment the availability of ground water which can be judiciously used for various purposes.According to details furnished by the water resources department, various methods of water harvesting have been implemented in Goa. These include open bandharas structures, check dams, percolation stand or recharge pits, roof top rainwater harvesting and other site specific measures.Rain water harvesting and recharging ground water projects have been executed at Verna and Kundaim industrial estates. For example, at Verna industrial estate, three locations consisting of stilling basis with infiltration shallow bore holes, two check dams and one recharge pit have been constructed. Two check dams are constructed at Kundaim industrial estate.Many industries have constructed rain water harvesting structures to conserve water during monsoons. Recharging through existing service borewells, stilling basins and infiltration bore wells, ground water recharge shaft are some of the recharge structures executed by industries through their own funds.In a bid to implement rainwater harvesting on a larger scale in Goa, the government has also issued a notification of government policy on roof top rainwater harvesting. Rainwater harvesting for ground water recharging is being considered on site specific needs. The schemes of construction of percolation tanks for prolonged recharge beyond monsoon will be identified and implemented as per techno-economic considerations.Importantly, the government has also made rainwater harvesting mandatory for new residential complexes including apartments on a plot of 2000 sq m and above, commercial complex on plot of 1,500 sq m and above and industrial units on areas of 10,000 sq m and above. Rainwater harvesting and recharging ground water is made mandatory for the new industries and industries going for expansion by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15369973", "title": "Cloudbursts, flash floods are result of human intervention: Scientist", "text": "MANALI: The frequent incidents of cloudbursts and flash floods, especially in human-populated but ecologically fragile hilly areas, where construction works are going on, are pointing towards things which we don't listen to and ignore, according to scientists.The area between Solang valley and Rohtang, including Dhundi, is witnessing frequent natural disasters, where over 60 people have been killed and loss worth crores of rupees have been assessed in floods in the past ten years. According to local people, such incidents have picked up pace, particularly after building of roads through mountains and other construction projects have been undertaken.Memories are still fresh in people's minds about the incident of cloudburst at Kangni nullah near Solang on August 7, 2003 when 39 labourers had lost their lives. It was the beginning of devastation in this region where, of late, cloudbursts are being noticed every year. Recently, on July 21, 2011, seven labourers were killed in a cloudburst near Dhundi.However, the flash floods on Friday claimed only one life, but caused large scale destruction in the entire district. Again, it has struck at Dhundi, where Rohtang tunnel is being constructed, sources said.The incident of July 16, 2003 when a cloudburst at Gadsa valley of Kullu killed 150 labourers, engaged in the construction of a hydel project, had attracted the attention of people towards the fact that natural calamities are striking areas where human intervention was at its peak. But nobody is learning the lessons while the nature continues taking revenge, they said.According to Dr Jagdish Chander Kuniyal, a scientist at GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, the frequency of cloudbursts and flash floods is increasing in the ecologically fragile Himalayan regions. Increasing arbitrary construction, pollution and felling of trees are the main reason behind such disasters, he observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368289", "title": "Packaged tours abroad to cost more", "text": "PUNE: After inflation, recession and rupee depreciation played their part in making your trip abroad expensive, it is the service tax that seems to have come with a bad news for travellers.With effect from July 1, additional travel services such as air ticket cancellation, date change on ticket, excess baggage, outbound tours, and passport and visa services have come under the service tax net.Sources in the industry said that since air fares have also gone up recently, the service tax on outbound tours and additional travel services will increase the cost of a foreign trip by roughly 6% to 10%.Before July 2012, the service tax was applicable only on domestic tours. Now, outbound tours (tours to foreign countries) are also charged. The service tax on packaged tours is 3.09%; on hotel bookings 1.24% and on transportation or car rental services (if these services are availed of individually and not as part of the package tour) 4.94%. Service fees levied by travel agents for passport and visa services are now subject to 12.36% service tax.\"Service tax is deemed to be applicable for any service not in the 'negative list' introduced from July 1, 2012 and outbound tours is not in the list,\" said CEO of a leading travel company. \"In case of tax on package tours, the actual services - such as hotel accommodation, visa, transportation for transfers and sightseeing, restaurants - are being provided abroad. But, the service tax is applicable if the traveller is a resident of India and books his package tour from an agency here,\" he said.Since the service tax laws are subject to Indian jurisdiction, it is only applicable for travel companies registered in India. \"So, if a traveller books a hotel on an international website that is registered outside India, the website will not levy the service tax; which means the traveller, even if he is a resident of India, would not pay service tax to the government in this case. This is a big loophole since there are many international websites that have set up operations in India and are extensively advertising their services,\" the CEO said.Sohail Zaveri, executive director of a travel agency in Koregaon Park, said, \"The additional services include cancellation or re-issuance of ticket, fee for unaccompanied minor, etc.\"G Krishna, general manager at another travel company and also the treasurer of the Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI), Pune chapter, said, \"The service tax applicable on additional travel services will increase the overall cost of foreign travel. In addition, earlier there was no service tax on service charges for passport and visa provided to clients. This too will add to the final cost.\"Zelam Chaubal, director of a travel and tour company in Shivajinagar, said, \"Levying service tax on outbound package tours coupled with the rising air fares will increase the cost of international travel by about 10%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367462", "title": "Bollywood\u2019s first \u2018bold actress\u2019 wants to act again", "text": "MUMBAI: A fortnight after filmmaker B R Ishara passed away, his wife Rehana Sultan is looking out for a job. The award-winning filmmaker who gave away most of his earnings, was in his last days treated at hospitals with donations from the film fraternity. \"It is like being thrown from a river into the ocean, and I don't know how to swim. I don't know what I will do without him. The last one year kept me busy, running from one hospital to the other, hoping he'll get better,\" says the former actress, dressed in white Lucknowi kurta-chudidar.She had done up the modest two-bedroom house in white. B R Ishara, known as the man with a big heart in the industry, earned a lot of money, but didn't really save. His medical expenses during his illness had to be pooled in by friends and various film associations. Rehana recalls, \"Not that he did not earn money or valued it, but the fact is he did not save money. He had this habit of sending money to me through his office boy. I didn't approve of it as it seemed as though he was paying a salary to me. But he would say that I do this because I don't know by the end of the day if I will have any money left with me.''Rehana feels she needs to get back to work. \"I am open to working in both films and TV. I need to work and acting is what I know,\" she says. Rehana recently did a small part in Sudhir Mishra's film.She said, \"After my husband fell ill I knew he would get back to work, but not really in a big way so I took up this assignment. I also needed the money.\"Rehana stopped acting in films in the late 80s. \"I have a one-track mind and I didn't know how to balance both home and work,\" she said. She got a small rented place to open a restaurant last year at Andheri. \"I along with my brother did open this restaurant Seven is Heaven, but could not do much as Isharaji fell ill. We managed to recover the expenses from the little business we made though,\" she said.Feeling lonely, Rehana does not want to depend on her brother. \"Ishara didn't really want children. He would say, 'I don't want to bring another machine into this world'. I told him if he didn't want children, I was okay with it. I don't really miss not having children,\" says the former actress. \"I had a bungalow and four cars, but lost everything,. But that didn't really matter as I had the man I loved besides me,\" she says.Rehana, who resisted meeting Ishara, fell in love with the story he narrated to her. \"I agreed to do Chetna free of cost. He told me that not only will I get no money, but that I will have to wear my own clothes and even bring food for the unit. I agreed to all of it,\" recalls the actress about the film that went on to make her probably the first 'bold heroine' of Hindi cinema. \"The sex in my films was not forced, but part of the narrative. Today, I feel these scenes are used for commercial reasons. All I can say is Babuda was ahead of his times,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374220", "title": "Sri Lakshmi Films bags Shirdi Sai overseas rights", "text": "Sri Lakshmi Sai Films bagged the overseas theatrical distribution rights and DVD rights of Nagarjuna's Shirdi Sai film. \"There have been several prior depictions on the life and times of Sadguru Sai BABA in quite a few languages. But why this version stands out is, for its unique approach, presentation, use of technology and of course portrayal of Baba by one of the greatest actors of our times,\" said Nagarjuna.The film has been directed by one of India's most successful directors - Shri K. Raghavendra Rao M M Keeravani has composed the music for the film. S. Gopal Reddy handled the Camera. The star cast in this movie is Nagarjuna, Srikanth, Sri Hari, Sai Kumar, Kamalini Mukherjee, Sharath Babu, Ali, Bramhanandam etc.After portraying saint-poets Annamayya and Bhakta Ramadasu, Telugu actor Nagarjuna Akkineni plays the role of the Shirdi Sai Baba in Shirdi Sai Baba movie. The superstar teams up again with director K Raghavendra Rao and music director Keeravani for the film.K Raghavendra Rao, who earlier wielded the megaphone for Nagarjuna's devotional movies \"Annamayya\" and \"Sriramadasu\", is directing the actor for the third time in this film. MM Keeravani, who earlier delivered several chartbusters for Nagarjuna's devotional films like \"Annamayya\" and \"Sriramadasu\", is very confident and recreated the magic with \"Shirdi Sai Baba\".A.Mahesh Reddy and Girish Reddy are producing this film on Sai Krupa Entertainments banner. The film is set to release worldwide on September 6, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15375199", "title": "Janmashtami: Krishna Consciousness Movement to observe the occasion on August 10", "text": "MANGALORE: Krishna Consciousness Movement on Coconut Garden Road, Kadri Tollgate here will celebrate Krishna Janmashtami at the Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre, here on August 10. The celebrations will start at 6pm and will last until 12 midnight. The program will comprise of various poojas and artis, abhishek, jhulan utsav and discourse. The celebrations will end with maha mangalarti. Prasadam will be served to all the visitors.Nama Nishtha Das, president, Krishna Consciousness Movement (KCM) told reporters here on Monday that KCM is using the occasion to launch their new project - Radha Govinda Dham, located near Anegundi Road, Bejai. Around 10 cents of land has been acquired for the project at a cost of Rs 75 lakh with contributions from well-wishers and philanthropists, he said, adding the project will be used to impart value education to youth.The project that aims at spiritual revival of society will automatically lead to life of principles and sustainable economic development. The Radja Govinda Dham will comprise a beautiful altar for Sri Sri Radha Govinda; large hall for lecture; seminar hall for audio video presentation on Gita; dioramas and exhibits in main temple hall; prasadam hall for visitors; and library of all vedic literatures. Construction will start in October after the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367733", "title": "Gender discrimination, say women candidates", "text": "BHOPAL: The number of women candidates who were not called for interview despite scoring higher marks than male candidates was 109; the CM added and also tabled in the assembly the list of all such women candidates along with details of scores, ranks and addresses.\"It's a typical case where men have benefitted from reservation meant for women\", says one of the candidates Sunita Jain, who hails from Ratlam. She had complained to the national women's commission, state women's commission and made representation at all levels, pointing out that keeping higher \"cut-off\" marks for women candidates and lower cut-off marks for men amounted to gender discrimination.Subsequently, National Women's Commission Chairperson Mamta Sharma wrote to Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan seeking an inquiry into Sunita Jain's complaint that there were different cut-off marks for male and female candidates hence she was deprived from taking part in the selection process.State Women's commission too sought appropriate action from the government, pointing out that this \"discrepancy\" was against the spirit of Article 14, 16 and 19 of the constitution. Its chairperson Upma Rai reminded that it's the policy of the state to give reservation to women and not to men in any selection process.Sunita had earlier moved the high court which dismissed her petition almost three and a half years later stating that the petitioner has obtained less marks than the required marks and therefore she was not called for interview. Then, the respondent PSC and state government had submitted that the petitioner had obtained less marks than the cut-off marks prescribed for women candidates and not only the petitioner but other candidates also who have got marks less than cut off marks were not called for interview.The legislator, who is fighting for the cause, said, \"The PSC decision on fixing a separate cut-off for men and women itself is ab initio illegal. The state government cannot shirk its responsibility from conducting an inquiry and taking corrective steps\", he added. State general administration department officials were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh/shimla", "code": "15369815", "title": "End of road for 1927 Kalka-Shimla rail car", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SHIMLA: The 1927 Rail Motor Car that had been chugging through a verdant route of Himachal Pradesh for 85 continuous years on the narrow gauge Unesco world heritage Kalka-Shimla rail track has come to a screeching halt, after its wheels wore off recently.Out of four such rail cars, which were made between 1927 and 1930 by the British, this was the last to run on the Shimla tracks that offer a panoramic visual feast to tourists flocking to the state round the year.\"The wheels were giving way due to wear and tear. We had first tried to introduce cast wheels but were not able to get any manufacturer in India,\" PK Sanghi, divisional railway manager (Ambala), told TOI over the phone.The Kalka-Shimla rail track \u2014 a triumph of engineering marvel \u2014 has always managed to recreate the old world charm associated with journeys on mountain railways.The car, along with three other trains \u2014 Shivalik Deluxe, Himalayan Queen, Kalka-Shimla passenger \u2014 reached its destination in 4 hours and 25 minutes, passing through 864 bridges, 102 tunnels and at least 900 sharp curves and turns.The Gothic-style Barog railway station become a favourite jaunt for Bollywood stars, last drawing actors Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor during the shooting of 'Jab We Met'. A group of 14-18 passengers could be accommodated in this vintage locomotive that resembled buses used during World War II.According to the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), which managed the car's charter bookings, the car remained a strong favourite with foreigners and Indians from metropolitan towns heading for vacations till it ran regularly a few months ago.\"Unfortunately, we had to stop the charter booking four months ago when Indian Railways told us about the problem. It remained most-popular with group tours,\" IRCTC public relation officer told TOI.The car was fitted with a transparent fibre-glass roof, offering a view of the skies. There were even facilities, including digital time-cum-temperature display unit, TV/VCP, and a music system.The Indian Railways have now begun a search to bring the rail car back on tracks. \"We have floated a tender for the replacement of wheels and other parts,\" said Sanghi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371522", "title": "Priyanka Chopra\u2019s Bollywood singing debut quashed", "text": "She eagerly awaits the launch of her international music album but Priyanka Chopra's dream of singing for a Hindi film remains far from being fulfilled.Reason being while music composer Pritam Chakraborty wanted the actress to lend her voice to one of the tracks in Anurag Basu's Barfi!, Priyanka, who has signed a worldwide recording agreement with Universal Music and Desi Hits, cannot lend her voice to any other project till her music album sees the light of day. The album, which contains ten pop songs, is expected to release worldwide not before end of this year.It was Pritam's idea to make Priyanka sing for Barfi! He felt since he had Ranbir, he should have Priyanka's voice too in the song. However, her contractual obligations made it impossible for Priyanka to concede. This was conveyed to both Pritam and Basu.Apparently, Priyanka heard Pritam out before politely telling him she wouldn't be able to comply with his wishes. A source close to the film told, \"One song in Barfi! is still to be recorded. That's the one where Priyanka expresses her take on life and her feelings towards Ranbir. But Pritam's desire ended up becoming a distant dream.\"\"Pritam was disappointed but he could do nothing about it. Now, the song will be sung by someone else, it could even be a newcomer. That again will be Pritam's call,\" said the source. Pritam remained unavailable for comment.Priyanka, who is rumoured to have taken music lessons from Samantha Edwards on the sets of Barfi! , is disappointed too. Meanwhile, the recording is scheduled for this weekend. Pritam has shortlisted a few singers' names but is at wits' end as to who will eventually make it to the recording studios at such short notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369678", "title": "Teachers\u2019 stir beaten back", "text": "LUDHIANA: A sea of teachers, who were protesting against the state government, met fierce blows of police canes as they approached Jalandhar Bypass on Sunday. About 1,300 teachers of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA), Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan (RMSA) and Central Sponsor Scheme (CSS) Teachers Union, including 400 women, gathered at the Ludhiana Grain Market at morning to protest.Some of them came from other districts too. The teachers took to the road at around 11am, heading towards Jalandhar Bypass, after union heads addressed the gathering.The equipped and waiting police force charged at the protesting teachers as they approached Jalandhar Bypass. About 15 teachers received severe injuries, including female teacher Alka who fainted at the spot, and were admitted to the civil hospital.Press secretary of the teachers' union Baljeet Singh Chumber said the government has been doling out fake assurances while they have been repetitively stressing on their primary demand, that is regularization of the employment of teachers working under SSA, RMSA and CSS.Chumber said, \"We were promised by state government before assembly election that instead of regularization, we will get regular pay grade for our services, but they haven't bothered to work out our demands till date.\"He said the regular pay grade scheme includes a 65% contribution from the Union government in teachers' salary while the states contribute 35%. \"The Centre has released its share but the state government has kept the issue held up and is yet to release a notification in this regard,\" Chumber added.The press secretary said they did not get any response from the authorities when they asked them to get a response from the government before organizing their protest.\"But, after the lathicharge, they told us a meeting has been arranged with the chief minister in Chandigarh on August 6,\" he added.Chumber said if there meeting with the CM does not yield a favourable result, they would protest on August 15, at the scene of Independence Day flag hoisting by the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15372864", "title": "Supreme Court refuses to cancel Yeddyurappa's anticipatory bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to cancel the anticipatory bail granted to former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa by the state high court in a corruption case relating to a mining lease.A bench of justices T S Thakur and Ibrahim Kalifulla dismissed the appeal filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) challenging the anticipatory bail granted by the high court.\"You want this man to be inside? What for?\" the bench asked additional solicitor general (ASG) Mohan Parasaran appearing for the investigating agency.The apex court brushed aside Parasaran's plea that Yeddyurappa's bail should be cancelled as he was \"not cooperating\" with the CBI in the investigations.\"If he is not cooperating then go and seek cancellation of his bail,\" the bench told the ASG.The Supreme Court also said that it cannot interfere lightly with the grant of anticipatory bail as the same can be done only on the gravity of the case and the possibility of the accused jumping the bail.Parasaran submitted that the findings of the high court, while granting anticipatory bail to Yeddyurappa, were not correct as it prima facie gave an impression that the charges against him were baseless and that there was no linkage between the alleged fraudulent transactions relating to grant of lease and funds transferred to him and his family's account while he was the Chief Minister.\"Even if we will assume there is a linkage you go and investigate, prosecute him, file a charge sheet and submit an application for a recall of the bail,\" the bench said.However, the apex court said the investigating agency shall not be influenced in its probe in any manner by the observations made by the state high court.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369731", "title": "Allergies can lower risk of brain tumours, says study", "text": "People with allergies run a lower risk of glioblastoma, the most common and most aggressive brain tumour, with women at a stronger reduced risk than men, a new study has claimed. Researchers from Ohio State University found that men and women whose blood samples contained allergy- related antibodies had an almost 50% lower risk of developing glioblastoma, 20 years later compared to people without signs of allergies. The study analysed stored blood samples that were taken from patients decades before they were diagnosed with glioma. It found that women whose blood samples tested positive for specific allergy antibodies had at least a 50% lower risk for glioblastoma. This effect for specific antibodies was not seen in men.Strawberries can block UV rays: Strawberry extracts can protect skin cells from damage caused by ultraviolet radiation, a new study has claimed. A team of Italian and Spanish researchers found that strawberry extracts have photopreotective properties and when added to skin cell cultures they can act as a protector against ultraviolet radiation.'Bone strength' gene identified: Scientists have identified nine new genes associated with healthy bones which will provide new understanding of the mechanisms responsible for bone diseases. Researchers from the UK made the discovery by randomly screening different strains of mice engineered such that a single gene had been inactivated in their genome.New species of cricket found: Researchers have discovered a new species of swimming cricket, a cave catfish and a no-eyed harvestman from a cave in Venezuela . The creatures were found in a remote Venezuelan tepui, a type of table-top mountain in the region by a group of Italian researchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368232", "title": "Charges diluted in 2005 drug planting case", "text": "MUMBAI: The state crime investigation department (CID) does not know who planted 3 gm of cocaine in the bathroom of Provogue managing director Salil Chaturvedi's apartment in 2005.CID, which investigated the case at Chaturvedi's instance, on Friday submitted a chargesheet against two police officers but it is silent on the source of the drugs. The two officers\u2014Subhash Kenjale and Madhukar Gatade\u2014have been accused of fabricating evidence and fudging documents to frame Chaturvedi but there is no mention about the drugs related charges. Police constable Ashok Bhosle, who found the drugs in the bathroom, has been given a clean chit.Following the cocaine planting incident, Chaturvedi was arrested for possessing drugs. In 2008, he was acquitted and the NDPS court ordered a probe into the source of the cocaine. Chaturvedi had also lodged a private complaint, saying he was framed at the instance of a senior IPS officer and demanded a probe.Investigating officer of CID, S Mhatre, said, \"We have completed the investigations and submitted the chargesheet in the court. I cannot reveal more than this.\"The two officers have been accused of fudging documents and fabricating evidence.Chaturvedi's lawyer Rizwan Merchant said, \"We are not surprised at the truncated charges in the chargesheet. We will move the court against exclusion of charges under the NDPS Act. It appears that the state CID was never interested in investigating the source of cocaine, which was held by the trial court to be a case of \"planting\" on Chaturvedi,'' said Merchant.The chargesheet says that the panchnama that was supposed to have been conducted at Chaturvedi's residence was actually conducted at the police station. It says that investigating officer Kenjale had not sampled, sealed or labelled the seized goods from Chaturvedi's house at the spot, which is mandatory. The seals were found tampered with. Also, Gatade was not present at the spot though it was mentioned he was. Despite knowing that IO Kenjale was wrong and had tampered with the notes, Gatade signed the panchnama documents, stating them to be correct.On Friday, the court sent both Kenjale and Gatade to judicial custody till August 17. \"Mhatre did not object to the court sending the officers to judicial custody. The officers have now applied bail in the sessions court and CID is not asking for their custody. The court will hear the matter on Monday. All this has been done to save a senior IPS officer,'' said Merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "midnapore/chinsurah", "code": "15370010", "title": "Strike may push up potato prices", "text": "MIDNAPORE/CHINSURAH: You may be paying around Rs 15 for a kg of potato at present, but get ready to loosen your purse string now as the Trinamool-backed Paschimbanga Pragatisheel Aloo Babsayee Samiti, which claims to have the support of nearly a million potato traders, has declared a 72-hour ceasework starting Monday. They will not bring out nearly 15 lakh tonne potatoes from 469 cold storages during this period. The Samiti demands withdrawal of the government's decision to ban potato export to other states.State agricultural marketing minister Arup Roy, however, assured the government will do all it takes to keep down potato prices. \"I'll hold a meeting with the Samiti on Monday. We will try to address their concerns. But the government will not tolerate any further hike of prices. Potato price should be around Rs 12 per kg, it is still higher by Rs 2-3.\"Explaining the government's stand, Roy said, \"For farmers' benefit, we've allowed the cold storage owners to keep potatoes for a month more than the November, 2011, deadline. And we'd also provided them Rs 8 per quintal subsidy to make up for the increased costs due to it. Moreover, the chief minister has already announced an export subsidy and instructed these potatoes to be used for the mid-day meal scheme. We are also conscious that the stocked potatoes should not go waste.\"The problem, however, is elsewhere. The Samiti's state president Lalu Mukhopadhyay claims, \"For example, in West Midnapore, nearly 500 truckloads of potato move out of the 73 cold storages everyday. Of these only 30 trucks head for Kolkata, the rest go to other states. Police are stopping these trucks at checkposts and sending them back, but not before slapping cases of overloading etc. This year, there is 51 lakh tonne of potatoes in the cold storages. The state has to withdraw its decision to ban export of potatoes to other states, else we will start a ceasework. On the final day, we will also take to the streets in protest.\"West Bengal Cold Storage Association (WBCSA)'s former president Patit Pawan De explains, \"This year Bengal had a lesser potato harvest. Against the one crore-lakh metric ton (MT), the potato production this year was only 85 lakh crore MT. The problem also arose with the high-potato producing states Punjab and Uttar Pradesh having reduced harvest - and therefore high potato prices themselves - so the influx of these to Kolkata was very low.\" De also says it isn't only traders who stock potatoes in cold storages but also cultivators. \"Their share, however, is very little,\" he said. The minister expressed hope the impasse would be resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369388", "title": "Over 150 seek Congress tickets for 12 Surat seats", "text": "SURAT: Over 150 candidates have shown interest in contesting the upcoming assembly elections in the state from city's 12 seats on Congress tickets.Congress observers Siddharth Patel and Pravin Rastrapa, who were in the city for a preliminary assessment ahead of the elections, were surprised by the enthusiasm of the party workers.Patel told TOI \"This is a reflection of the changing mood of people. On seats where Congress had lost by margins of 30,000 votes, people are coming in large numbers seeking party tickets.\"The Congress observers said they are seeing for the first time in the past 20 years among party cadres an optimism of doing well in the elections.They met ticket aspirants from Choryasi, Udhna, Majura, Limbayat, Katargam, Varacha, Kamrej, Karanj, Olpad, Surat North, Surat West and Surat East on Saturday and Sunday.\"We are gathering information about assembly segments and our party's strength in different areas. Once we complete identifying our strong areas, we will begin the exercise of selection of candidates,\" said Patel.City unit Congress president Ashok Jirawala said, \"As promised we will come out with our candidates' names early and would fight to win the elections.\"Patel said, \"In the assembly segments where local party leadership had done some work, consensus has already been arrived at on candidates.\"Among the people, who have staked their claims for tickets include Babu Rayka, Manu Patel, some present and past councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15368067", "title": "It may be pouring but Sattari, Bicholim short of water", "text": "KERI: In spite of heavy showers in Sattari and Bicholim, residents are facing shortage of drinking water.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal said, \"It is disgusting that even after bringing the issue on the floor of the assembly, nothing has been done to sort out the problem.\"PWD officials blame frequent failure of electricity in the area for hampering the smooth supply of drinking water whereas officials of the electricity department have claimed that they are doing their best to provide smooth power supply.Naresh Kadkade, a Bicholim town local said, \"If the department fails to sort out the drinking water problem, we will resort to agitations.\"The PWD has two water treatment plants, one at Padoshe in Sattari and another at Sanquelim in Bicholim with a capacity of 30 MLD and 12 MLD respectively, but residents from both talukas are not getting adequate and regular supply of drinking water.In Gholwada of Parye, taps run always dry and the PWD is providing the hamlet drinking water through water tankers. Krishna Gaonkar, a villager of Gholwada said, \"The tanker is not regular and punctual. We have to struggle for drinking water. We have to wait anxiously for the tanker to come keeping 6-7 pots in the queue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15368236", "title": "Stove burst claims 19-year-old girl's life", "text": "BELGAUM: Sneha Potdar, 19, was killed following a stove burst at her house in Madabhavi village of Athani taluk here on Sunday.The incident happened when Sneha, I BA student, was preparing breakfast on a kerosene pump stove. Following the stove burst, her dress caught fire. Hearing her screams, the neighbours rushed to rescue her, but by then she suffered severe burns and died on the spot. Sneha's mother and other family members had gone to the fields when the incident occurred. Athani police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15369285", "title": "In 3 days: from dust bowl to floods", "text": "BELGAUM: From drought warning to flood alerts. The past week has seen dramatic changes in the weather in North Karnataka.The Belgaum district administration which is reeling under drought related problems, now has flood alerts to cope with. Eight of the 10 taluks are facing scarcity of drinking water and fodder for livestock. The government has already declared them as drought affected. On the other hand, several villages in the drought-affected taluks on the banks of rivers are facing flood threats, because of heavy rain in Maharashtra.The district administration has been asked to arrange for boats, life jackets and trained swimmers to save people and cattle in case of floods. It has also been asked to prepare to shift families to safety and install ganji kendras for them.Villages in Chikkodi, Raibag and Athani taluks situated on the bank of river Krishna are more prone to floods. Excess water from three dams in Maharashtra- Kalammawadi, Radhanagadi in Kolhapur district and Koyna in Satara district flows in to river Krishna, once they are filled. Radhanagadi dam which is full has been releasing water to Krishna, while the other two dams are getting full. When water is released from all three dams, river Krishna overflows and causes floods.Speaking to TOI, additional DC V S Chougula said that the situation is not alarming as inflow of water to Krishna is just around 98,000 cusecs. Inflow poses danger when it increases to over two lakh cusecs. \"However, the administration has instructed taluk officials to be on alert,\" he said.Tackling droughtAthani, Chikkodi, Raibag, Hukkeri, Gokak, Ramdurg, Bailhongal and Savadatti taluks have been declared as drought-affected by the government, on which Athani, Chikkodi and Raibag taluks are the ones majorly affected. The administration has opened 48 goshalas and is supplying drinking water in 77 villages through tankers. The district recorded the lowest average rainfall of 203 mm so far against 561mm of usual rainfall. Because of low rainfall and delayed monsoon, only 56% of sowing activities have been completed so far.DC Anbu Kumar has cancelled leaves of all government officials and has instructed them to stay put in their taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372751", "title": "Gopichand, Taapsee shot for Buzkashi sequence", "text": "Recently, hero Gopichand and Taapsee shot for a Buzkashi sequence for their upcoming film directed by Chandrasekhar Yeleti. Buzkashi is a popular and a traditional Afghan sport in which horse riders' clash to take control of a goat's dead body and pitch it across the goal line.However, directed Chandrasekhar Yeleti shot this action episode on the Gopichand and Taapsee making the actress as the bait, instead of a goat's dead body. Production sources say that this scene would be one of the highlights of the film.Meanwhile, Taapsee is expected to resume shooting in Ladakh for the film after taking a break. The actress went off the schedule to celebrate her birthday (August 1) along with her family in Delhi and also shot for a TV interview in Hyderabad.Taapsee posted \"Landed in Delhi as a stop over before I leave for leh tomorrow morning. Back to low oxygen levels to finish the schedule (sic)\".Music is composed by Sri while Shamdat cranks the camera for this action adventure, which is produced by BVSN Prasad on Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra banner. The film has already completed two schedules of shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15368908", "title": "Fake Maoist arrested for extortion bid in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: A youth was arrested in Rayagada district on Saturday while trying to extort money from a trader by posing as a Maoist cadre. He has been identified as Gurunath Pradhan, a resident of Laba village in Padmapur police station area.According to police, Pradhan and his friend Rahul sent a letter to D Chandra Bhusan Achary, a local trader, in the name of Naxals and had demanded Rs 2 lakh. The duo had threatened him of dire consequences if he informed police of the matter. \"Receiving a complaint from Achary, we chalked out a strategy and nabbed Pradhan while he came to receive the extortion money. His associate Rahul is absconding and we are looking for him,\" a police officer said. He added that preliminary revealed that Pradhan is a cattle-trader at the Padmapur weekly market and has no link with Red rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371753", "title": "Dulquer's next titled Teevram", "text": "Dulquer Salmaan's next flick that will be directed by Roopesh Peethambaran has been titled Teevram and is scheduled to kick off on Aug 6. The flick's already hogged the limelight for several reasons as it would be the starkid's flicks after the critical and commercial success of Usthad Hotel and it would have him play the role of an angry young man.Roopesh who had also penned the script, had earlier informed us that the thriller narrates an outburst of a youngster towards the legal system. The flick also stars Vinay Fort, Vishnu Raghav, Anu Mohan, Sreenivasan and Ria Sara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15369701", "title": "Centre includes Thiruvananthapuram in its power scheme", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a major boost to the city's power distribution system, the Union power ministry has decided to include Thiruvananthapuram in the Restructured Accelerated Power Reforms &amp; Development Programme (R-APDRP) mooted by the Centre.The Rs 50,000-crore project is part of the power ministry's nationwide pursuit to bring down ATC ( aggregate technical and commercial) losses to 15% in project areas, which translates to over 1,400 towns in the country.The Union power ministry has allotted Rs 179 crore for introducing the scheme in the capital, according to a press statement issued by Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal here on Sunday. Earlier, Rs 90 crore was allotted by the ministry for implementing the first phase of the project.The minister said that the capital city can now avail about Rs 269 crore in terms of envisaging and realizing most advanced power distribution schemes. He added that the extent of the scheme which is currently being implemented at Attingal and Varkala will also be enhanced.The programme aims at bringing revolutionary changes in power transmission like laying underground cables for eletric supply, formation of a common network that establishes connectivity among all electricity offices, a swift system to address the grievances of the consumers and online billing system.The Centre had earlier allotted Rs 290 crore and Rs 199 crore for Kozhikode and Kochi corporations respectively. The power ministry has also hiked the allottment for implementing R-APDRP in Kannur, Alappuzha and Kodungalloor.The share of Kannur has been increased from Rs 80 crore to Rs 86 crore while the allotment for Alappuzha has been hiked from Rs 21 crore to Rs 39.24 crore.Part A of the programme involves extensive use of IT-related applications to create baseline data of both consumers and infrastructure. Part B will involve strengthening of the physical power distribution infrastructure.Under the Part A, the quantity of power loss during transmission will be calculated and measures will be devised to regulate the power loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15370063", "title": "Canals dug by \u2018intelligent beings\u2019 fuel Mars mystery", "text": "What's so special about Mars?Named after the Roman god of war, the planet Mars is the third brightest object in the night sky and has been known to us since antiquity. The fourth planet in the solar system, Mars first caught the public fancy in the Western world when the 19th century Italian astronomer Giovanni Schiaparelli reported 'canali' (channels) on Mars after extended observations. It is now widely believed that a possible mistranslation of the word canali as 'canals' fuelled the imagination of many, including American businessman Percival Lowell. Lowell funded an observatory in Arizona and his observations apparently convinced him that these canals were 'dug by intelligent beings'. An American radio drama based on HG Wells' novel 'War of the Worlds', produced and narrated by Orson Welles, caused great panic in the US when broadcast. Many believed the October 30, 1938 broadcast was a series of news bulletins about a Martian invasion.Is there life on Mars?In the 1960s, scientists began probing the planet with robotic spacecraft. The first pictures taken by orbiters suggested a gloomy picture of a desolate planet full of craters. The 1975 Viking mission, in which two orbiters and two landers were sent to conduct chemical tests in search of life, also reported negative results. Hopes of finding life were deflated and much research for the next two decades was aimed at only the planet's geology and climate.So scientists now firmly believe that the planet does not have life?Whether the planet has supported life or not in the past is hugely debated. By the 1990s, biologists had found that microbial life is flexible enough to survive in extreme environments on Earth, many of which are assumed to resemble conditions on other planets. Many images also suggest that a great deal of Mar's landscape was formed by liquid water flowing. This has greatly raised hopes of finding life.What is NASA's Mars Science Laboratory mission aimed at?The mission, landing on Mars' surface on Monday, is preparing to set down a large mobile laboratory and rover \u2014 Curiosity \u2014 on the planet's Gale crater. In the 23 months after landing for which it is programmed to operate for, Curiosity will analyze samples drilled from rocks and scooped from the ground. This will be the biggest and most complex Mars exploration mission ever conducted. Curiosity, as the Mars Science Laboratory rover is known, costs over $2.5 billion and carries the most advanced payload of scientific instruments ever sent to Mars. Its main aim is to investigate the habitability of the planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368619", "title": "'Collective efforts are needed to clean Gomti'", "text": "LUCKNOW: People from all walks of life, including public representatives and government officials, came together to take part in a Gomti cleaning drive on Sunday.Speaking on the occasion, mayor Dinesh Sharma said only government efforts to clean up the city's lifeline are not enough.\"Unless people and social activists come together for the noble cause, things would not improve,\" he said.Though the municipal corporation has been carrying out a dredging exercise in the river, silt and other organic waste still get accumulated in it.Sharma claimed that waste collected around the river is being lifted regularly.\"We have also appealed to people to immerse the puja materials in the designated place on the Mankameshwar temple premises and Khatu Shyam Vatika,\" Sharma said.Also present on the occasion was Justice SC Verma who said collective efforts can only bring a positive change in the Gomti.\"The burning issue of cleaning the Gomti can only be popularised among the masses if all the society members come together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374428", "title": "Bangalore's new gourmet hub", "text": "Bangalore's IT hub, Whitefield, seems to have got its mojo back with a new flavour .Traditionally, Whitefield has been dotted with dhabas and darshinis, with not many dining options to choose from for its diverse populace of retirees, techies, NRIs and expats. Not anymore.Whitefield is buzzing with activity in the food and beverage space, attracting some of the country's most celebrated chefs and enterprising restaurateurs, who are proverbially cooking up a storm.\"Whitefield never had the critical mass required to create a food and beverage market. But, in the last couple of years with development activity on the rise, and with more and more people calling it their home, the area has reached that critical mass,\" says chef Abhijit Saha of Avant Garde Hospitality, which operates two premium fine dining restaurants in the city\u2014Caperberry and Fava. Chef Saha has just concluded consultancy work for a fine dining Indian restaurant along with a microbrewery slated to come at 'windmills of your mind', an ultra premium residential development that's located in Whitefield. Says, Manu Chandra, executive chef, Olive Beach and co-owner Monkey Bar, \"the excitement around food and beverage has grown exponentially in Whitefield as compared to what it was four years ago, reason being the place has just boomed by leaps and bounds.\"And boomed it has. A clear indicator is the real estate scene in the area, which incidentally, was written off by many three years ago. Capital values in Whitefield have soared by 32% year-on-year buoyed by demand from endusers, according to real estate consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield.So as people flock to the IT Hub to take residence, naturally, an ecosystem that lends itself to the social milieu follows. Malls have opened, so have hotels across star categories, and now it's the turn of standalone restaurants.Along with restaurateur AD Singh and food and beverage veteran Chetan Rampal, Chef Chandra, recently opened a one-of-its kind standalone restaurant, LikeThatOnly, located near the Forum Value Mall. Tucked away amidst the hustle and bustle of Whitefield, LikeThatOnly, has been designed by r Anshu Arora, with art work by Murali Nagapuzha and landscaping by Rashmi Attavar. Quirky yet with loads of attitude, the restaurant dishes out a menu that reads of 'seven spice salmon atop a local yam puree', 'salted seaweed on a kohlrabi', 'sake poached pear and roquefort salad with golden toasted almond slivers', 'steamed pork baos with sweet and moist slow roasted pork shoulder' to name a few. \"I really wanted to do something fun and funky over here, as I sometimes feel the market here (in Whitefield) is more perceptive than lets say what we consider town,\" adds Chandra, who had been planning on opening a restaurant in Whitefield for over five years. \"We knew if there was an expansion plan for Bangalore, Whitefield would be the obvious choice, as a location.\"CounterCulture, which serves up global cuisine, has a lot of space that's channelized towards encouraging and showcasing alternative ideas in the fields of music, art and culture. Located in a old restored factory environment, the restaurant hosts blues concerts, experimental theater, flea markets and electronic gigs by contemporary artists from around the country and the world.On similar lines, Opus in the Creek, the much bigger little brother of Opus (which is located on Palace Cross Road), gives Whitefield its very own patch of Goa, and is built around a water body wherein sits the Buddha himself; hence the name, Opus in the Creek.Then you have Chez Mariannick, or 'home of Mariannick', a rustic and quaint bakery, boulangerie and creperie run by French born Mariannick Halai and her husband of Indian origin, Shashi.The 60- seater restaurant dishes out crepes, wood fired pizzas, baguettes, croissants and French desserts as well as undertakes home-delivery of croissants and baguettes in an around the area.\"This sort of stuff is not happening in town ,\" points out Chef Chandra. \"Whitefield has taken sometime to come into the open with respect to food and beverage,\" says Vandana Narula, owner of the The Fat Chef restaurant, which is located inside the premises of Jagriti Theatre.Vandana harks back to a time when take catering orders from factories as that used to be the only F&B; business in Whitefield. That was eight years ago. Now Whitefield is on the cusp of becoming a gourmet hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15367622", "title": "Angry Indian National Lok Dal members burn Gopal Kanda's effigy", "text": "GURGAON: On Sunday, hundreds of party members of Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) took to the streets and burnt the effigy of state home minister, Gopal Kanda, even as a case was registered against him in Delhi in connection with the suicide of a 23-year-old former air hostess of MDLR airlines.The party members burnt his effigy at Dakkhana Chowk on Sunday evening. The INLD stepped up the pressure, demanding the minister's immediate arrest and dismissal of the state government.On the other hand, Gopal Kanda remained missing from his residence on Sunday. Dozens of media persons had camped outside his house to get his response, but till late vening, there was no trace of Kanda. The INLD leaders reached the Dakkhana Chowk around 6.30 pm and was led by Gopichand Gahlot, Anant Ram Tanwar and Kartar Saini. They were protesting against Kanda and the Hooda government. They burnt the former's effigy and demanded his immediate arrest.A joint statement issued by Gopi Chand Gahlot and Anant Ram Tanwar mentioned, \"The corruption-ridden Hooda government has crossed all boundaries and has now lost the moral right to stay in power. It is not the first time when this controversial minister was caught on the wrong foot of the law.\"Other INLD leaders like Anil Rao, Dharmjeet Kataria, Ramniwas Rao, Dharmbeer Bhagoria, Surendra Thakran, Gaje Singh Kablana, Susheel Sehrawat were also present.Meanwhile, the BJP also condemned Kanda. \"Such people deserve to be behind the bars and not be on the chair of a minister. We have demaded a CBI probe in this case as this is atrocious,\" said Advocate Kulbhushand Bhardwaj, co-convenor of legal cell of BJP, Haryana.The INLD leaders also alleged that during their party-sponsored bandh in Sirsa in August 2010, Kanda's bodyguards had allegedly assaulted its activists during the shutdown, a charge which was then denied by the independent legislator.He also said that names of Kanda's associates had figured in an alleged gangrape of a girl, assault on a former international cricketer as well as some income tax sleuths.A 23-year-old former woman employee of the now defunct MDLR airline allegedly committed suicide at her Delhi residence and police on Sunday registered a case against Kanda, who was the owner of the airline, on charges of abetting the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372353", "title": "Allu Arjun\u2019s film to be shot in abroad", "text": "Producer Bandla Ganesh will be busy man spending majority of the time scouting for locations and shooting spots abroad this year again after Gabbar Singh and Baadshah. Sources close to the producer say that his upcoming movie \"Iddaru Ammailu\" (tentatively titled) will be majorly shot in foreign locations, which are yet to be decided.Director Puri Jagannath, who is currently wrapping up Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu starring Pawan Kalyan, would direct Allu Arjun for the second time (after Desamuduru). Taapsee has already been confirmed as one of the female leads in the film while the makers are searching for the second lead.Iddaru Ammailu is likely to be formally launched on September 20 in Hyderabad while the regular shooting commences from October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369441", "title": "Friendship Day: Raising a toast to friendship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A lazy Sunday came to life as city youngsters celebrated Friendship Day to celebrate the bond of love and understanding. While some gangs went uphill, others had friends coming home for rain dance parties. And those without companions, preferred to spend the day in the loving company of their pets.Sanjay Bajaj, a teacher at DAV-15, says, \"We meet a number of people each day, talk to them, laugh with them and sometimes even get close but there are a few who stamp their love on our hearts and we tie an inseparable bond with them \u2014 and call it friendship. For me my friends are my life and this special day is a celebration of our bond.\"\"Since my gang members love outdoors, we decided to head to Kansal Forest to celebrate the day in nature's lap, this year,\" adds Sanjay.A self confessed party animal, Swati Mishra, a resident of Sector 69 in Mohali, threw a rain dance party at the occasion for her friends. \"My gang loves partying, so this year I organized a rain dance party at my place. With the lack of rains this season, it turned out to be a chilled out party for my buddies.\"Jasleen Bhatia, a resident of Phase IX in Mohali, says, \"The word 'friendship' is beautiful in its own sense. It has such great impact on us sometimes that we feel the world within it, friends mean a world to me. I brought special friendship bands for my friends too.\" She adds, \"It's amazing that by the end of the day, my hands were full of friendship bands! For me the band symbolizes a special bond between two friends \u2014 and is a way to appreciate special people in life.\"\"We are a music loving gang and so music symbolizes love and friendship to us. This year we ended up in a karaoke club to celebrate the special evening,\" said Rohit Joshi, a city-based singer. While Prabhjot Singh, a resident of Sector 22, planned to get old friends together on this day. \"I planned a re-union party for old friends. It sure was a great way of reconecting and reliving old times, says Prabhjot.Social networking sites too were full of friendship tags, posts, pictures to celebrate the day. \"I, me, myself boring hai, Us and We interesting hai. Internet hai to friendship hai, friendship hai to sharing hai, jo mera hai wo tera hai,\" posted Deepti Samsung on her Facebook wall for friends.While a city-based photographer Piyush Thakur, tweeted, \"Happy Friendship to all my frndsss!!!! Luv u hai ji pure dil se...\"And there were some who preferred to spend the day in company of man's best friends. \"I spend the whole day playing with my two little pets, Shero and Sherni. I am going to take them out shopping and have planned a special dinner for them,\" says Divya Mahajan, a home science student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15373859", "title": "Medical colleges in Andhra Pradesh unwilling to ease grip on fee, seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Medical colleges in Andhra Pradesh may have dropped their demands for a change in the admission process for the moment after the massive hue and cry last month but a major overhaul in that arena seems very much on their agenda.If college managements succeed in having their way, merit seats at private medical colleges are most likely to be further pruned or even completely wiped out with the introduction of a uniform fee structure from the next academic year. All seats would then cost Rs 7 lakh or upwards, speculate college officials.Representatives of private medical colleges said that if the state government insists on transparency in the admission process for management quota seats, they would then in all likelihood demand either separate modalities for entrance and a uniform fee structure or a further increase in the number of management quota seats. It was learnt that a letter demanding the same has been sent to the government about three months back.College managements were not sure whether the common NEET would be introduced in 2013 but said that they would hold their own entrance tests and fill up seats accordingly. \"\"We will consult the state government and it is with the governments cooperation that new measures will be introduced,\"\" said Dr G Bhaskar Rao, treasurer of the AP Private Medical Colleges Association.So far, non-minority medical colleges offer 40% of their seats (category A merit seats) for Rs 60,000 each and another 10% (category B management seats) for Rs 2.25 lakh each. The annual fees for the management quota seats is supposed to be Rs 5.5 lakh per seat but it is not uncommon for colleges to sell them for over Rs 40 lakh.In minority institutions, 60% of the seats are filled up for Rs 60,000 each on merit basis while the remaining 40% are distributed under the management quota. College managements say that the fee fixed by the government is not sufficient to run a medical college and want an average fee structure in the region of Rs 7 lakh.Dr Veera Prasad, chief operating officer of Narayana Medical College, said that if the government insists on a transparent admission process for management quota seats, then private colleges will have to go for a separate entrance with uniform fee structure.In that case, merit quota students will not be eligible for admission in private colleges through Eamcet.\"We have to abide by whatever the government or the court rules. We are ready to do that. If the government and court insist on transparency, then either management quota seats have to be increased or the government should give us permission to hold our own entrance test and collect a uniform entrance fee,\" Dr Prasad said.Sources said that a meeting is likely to take place between the government and college representatives on the issue. \"\"Without any negotiations you cannot come to a conclusion. Presently, college managements are not ready to go by what the government is demanding and vice versa. The managements are likely to hold negotiations in the middle of the academic year. It is then that transparency will come,\"\" said an official from a private medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368274", "title": "Pune teacher participates in US workshop", "text": "PUNE: A maths teacher from the city-based DES Secondary School, Jyoti Bodhe, recently participated in the Green Boot Camp, a five-day interactive workshop, held in San Diego, California, USA. Seventy middle-school teachers from all over the world were part of the workshop that focused on best practices for teaching energy, sustainability and environmental concepts. Bodhe was the only Indian teacher to attend the workshop.The teachers participated in hands-on interactive educational experiences, including designing and building a solar house and wind turbine. The teachers learnt about green and sustainable topics to teach as well as methods, lessons and concepts to pass onto their students.Bodhe, who is now back in Pune, told TOI, \"We were taught about various devices and renewable sources that can save energy. We visited different places and discussed measures to conserve energy.\" The teachers explored the roots of green technology, sustainable living and environmental awareness by using San Diego Gas and Electric, the California Center for Sustainable Energy and the Urban Corps of San Diego County as living laboratories. The curriculum was developed to emphasise project-based learning and offer tools and materials for use in the classroom.She said, \"Schoolchildren in the city should be made aware of environmental issues. At our school, we have formed eco-clubs and lectures are held pertaining to environmental concerns. I will make a power-point presentation for the students on the different devices and various ways to minimise the use of energy.\"The Green Boot Camp was launched by Honeywell as a regional programme. This year, the camp went global, welcoming teachers from India, Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, England, Mexico and Netherlands, besides the United States . San Diego is recognised for a number of energy efficiency and sustainability initiatives, and has 700 clean technology companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368228", "title": "NHAI board to decide fate of Gurgaon e-way", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), it seems, has developed cold feet over its ongoing tussle with the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway operator. The authority had issued a show-cause notice to the operator \u2014 Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) \u2014 in February this year on why its contract should not be terminated, which the developer challenged in Delhi high court. In the last hearing, NHAI told the court that it was close to clinching an out-of-court settlement.However, as an afterthought, the authority sought the highways ministry advice on how to proceed in the matter. The ministry, however, said NHAI was competent to decide on its own since it was a party to the agreement and the road belongs to it. \"The matter is sub judice. The decision will be put before the court. The issue is between NHAI and the developer. They have to submit their opinion in court,\" highways minister C P Joshi said.HC has directed both the parties to submit their settlement proposal on August 9. Sources said after both the ministry and highway authority did not show interest in finding a way out, the issue was referred to the NHAI board, so that a collective decision involving inter-ministerial representation could be taken. The board includes the NHAI chairman, highways and expenditure secretaries and member secretary of Planning Commission. \"The NHAI board meeting has been scheduled for Monday with the expressway issue being the main agenda,\" a senior government official said.Sources said in case the board refers the matter back to NHAI, the authority will have to take a decision. \"Things have become complicated in the past few weeks. First, NHAI issued termination notice, which was challenged by the developer and its financiers. After holding talks, the authority told the court that an out-of-court settlement was being worked out. In the last hearing, both NHAI and the developer told the court that they only needed to formalize the agreement and it would be done soon,\" the official said.He added that NHAI's U-turn after its last submission before HC could become controversial. Already, some highway developers have raised the issue of termination of the expressway contract with the minister claiming that such a move would dampen the interest of developers in highway projects. However, a section of highway ministry feels that considering the alleged \"fraudulent\" practice of DGSCL, stern action should be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15368234", "title": "9 held for plotting robberies in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Nine thieves were arrested by Bhendigeri police while they were plotting to rob pedestrians on Saturday.Madhukar Jamakhandi, 28, Annappa Barker, 27, Krishna Bhovi, 46, Murthy Hirur, 43, Bhagat Gagade, 27, Sunil Kyarakatti, 25, Shankar Bhovi, 22, Mohan Navale, 28, and Ambaresh Mathad, 23, residents of Old Hubli are the ones who were arrested.Police seized two machetes, knives, eight mobile phones and chilly powder packets from the accused including a Travera vehicle.A case has been registered at Bhendigeri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369273", "title": "The nearby lake is your responsibility", "text": "BANGALORE: You will soon be able to arrest the rot that has crept into your neighbourhood water body -- revive and even maintain it.Activists working to revive Bangalore's water bodies was informed by BBMP that efforts are underway to institutionalize citizens' involvement in lake revival campaigns.\"We are looking at structuring a body which will comprise different citizen stakeholders. We are looking at institutionalizing the involvement of locals,\" said Brijesh Kumar, chief conservator of forests, BBMP.Kumar explained the concept of Lake User Association (LUA) as a group of residents taking responsibility for maintenance and upkeep of lakes. He also addressed the crucial challenge of getting funds. This is something which citizens will face during their attempt to save the lake. \"The BBMP is contemplating providing a part of the fund for lake maintenance,\" he added.The public meeting was organized on Bannerghatta Road by Arakere Neighbourhood Improvement Trust (ANIT), a citizen initiative group that works towards restoration and development of Arakere lake. A 125-odd representatives of 21 lake committees took part in the public meeting.The objective of the event was to bring lake restoration groups and civic agencies on a single platform, share the best practices and come up with suggestions to the government.Besides BBMP, officials from BDA and Lake Development Authority (LDA) too were present along with citizen representative groups. \"The idea is to ensure that people do not remain merely bystanders and criticize the poor conditions around us, but choose to become a stakeholder by taking part in finding solutions,\" said Arbind Kumar Gupta, chairperson, ANIT.ABIDe member Ashwin Mahesh said citizens too need to document what can be publicly seen instead of relying solely on the records held by the government.\"We are looking at a generic solution. Lake development is easy but maintaining the same is difficult. Lakes have to be maintained by people and they must play an active role. Only then will it become easy to collectively maintain lakes which are public property,\" said Ravi Ralph, additional principal chief conservator of forests and CEO, LDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15368356", "title": "Autopsy reveals 50 wounds on businessman body", "text": "INDORE: At least 50 wounds of stabbing were found on the body of the businessman who was murdered in Mishra Nagar area on Saturday.CSP Annapurna R S Ghuraiya said that according to the autopsy report, the deceased Anees Thakur, was stabbed at least 50 times on different parts of the body. He said that the man was stabbed brutally on neck, back, abdomen and other parts.He said that police were interrogating his close friends to find clues which could help further in the investigation.On the condition of anonymity, a police official said that jealousy and illicit relationships play significant roles in such kind of murders and this could be the reason of the businessman's death.Meanwhile, an unconfirmed report says that the accused have decamped with the deceased four-wheeler, cash of Rs 25 lakh and few gold rings. However, the CSP denied of any kind of theft.Anees Thakur, was found dead in his rented flat in Annapurna area. Police had found the marks of struggle on the walls ad blood stains in his flat The incident took place barely a week after the engagement of Anees with one Deepia of Bhanwarkuan area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367923", "title": "Jahnu Barua to get maiden Bhupen Hazarika award", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acclaimed Assamese filmmaker Jahnu Barua will be conferred with the Bhupen Hazarika National Award by Pune-based social organization Sarhad. The NGO, which has for 25 years been working to connect people from border areas to the mainstream, instituted the annual award this year in the name of Dadasaheb Phalke-awardee Bhupen Hazarika, the balladeer of the Brahmaputra, who passed away last year.The award will be given to those personalities from the northeast who have been trying to connect the region with the rest of the country in their respective fields. Sarhad founder and president Sanjay Nahar said the first Bhupen Hazarika National Award will be given to Barua in a special ceremony in Pune in October. The award constitutes Rs51,000, a trophy and a citation.\"Jahnu Barua has rendered valuable service to this region by dealing with several social, cultural issues of the northeast in his films. With his National Award-winning Assamese films like 'Aparoopa', 'Halodhiya Choraye Baodhan Khai', 'Bonani', 'Firingoti', 'Xagoroloi Bohu Dur' and 'Price of Freedom', he has won accolades for accomplishing artistic excellence while creating a strong bridge between the northeast and the rest of India,\" said Nahar.Nahar added that Sarhad is determined to connect Maharashtra with the north-east. A recipient of the Padmashree award, Barua has won nine national awards for his films. 'Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara', a film directed by Jahnu Barua won the prestigious Fipresci (the international association of film-critics) award in 2005. Hazarika, a lyricist, musician, singer, poet and filmmaker was instrumental in ushering the culture of north-east India across the country. He brought the folk music of north-east to the national and international arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15369962", "title": "Himachal Pradesh police toughen up on rave parties", "text": "SHIMLA: In the last two decades, Kullu valley in Himachal Pradesh has become increasingly popular not only for its natural beauty but also for the best quality charas, especially \"Malana cream\". With the valley being dubbed as the \"Charas Eden of Himalayas \", people flock the hinterland to taste the intoxicant and to attend rave parties, which are also called full moon parties.On Friday night, Kullu Police had found 300-odd people enjoying a party near Kasol in Parbati valley. And, for the first time, the state police took blood and urine samples of people attending the party. A majority of the guests at the party were foreigners.Rave parties have become frequent in Parbati valley, right from Kasol to Tosh - the last village of the valley. The last few years have seen a proliferation of harder drugs and rave parties in Kullu valley, especially in remote areas of Parbati valley.Necking party, DJ, charas, alcohol and games like fire skipping ropes, alcohol drinking strength and dance until collapse are the main attractions for guests, especially during full moon nights of May, June and July. Backpackers from Israel, Russia, Australia, England and France top the list of those who come looking for such parties.Kullu SP Ashok Kumar said raids were conducted on four-five such parties held in the district this year. \"Kasol has become infamous for drugs and we have mounted pressure on people involved in illegal activities. We are keeping a strict vigil on such parties and have adopted zero tolerance to use of drugs in any form,\" he said. Section 27 of NDPS Act was never implemented earlier, but no after the raids at Kathgala village near Kasol. \"We are waiting for the sample reports, after which further action will be taken,\" the SP added. Under Section 27 of NDPS, not only possession of a narcotics substance but even its smoking is a punishable offence.Sources said people mostly from rich segments attend such parties held clandestinely in remote areas. Earlier, these were held in forests, away from public eye, but are now held close to villages. \"Friday's party was held in open space quite close to village,\" the SP said.Former Superintendent of Narcotics Control Bureau, Chandigarh, O P Sharma revealed another aspect of rave parties -- drug mafia striking their deals here. \"They mingle in the crowd to avoid intelligence surveillance, where they plan and strike drug deals as mostly only foreigners are allowed to attend such rave parties,\" he said. Apart from Kasol, Manikaran, Manali and Dharamshala, such parties are being held in other parts of the state too as organisers keep changing the venues, Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15369122", "title": "Two 'poori mamas' cook up a feast for children", "text": "MADURAI: S Murugan (29) and Ferose Khan (33) from Madurai are caterers by profession but take time out from their busy schedule for the cause of cooking food for children and old age homes without expecting any profit.Being school dropouts, the duo have indeed come a long way. Murugan works in a local restaurant while Ferose works in a shop selling sweets. When the sponsors contact the homes for providing food for the children on special occasions, they look forward to working with Murugan and Ferose as they prepare the food within the given budget, sans any profit margin and even bear the transport cost of taking the food to the homes. While Murugan has been providing this service for the last six years, Ferose joined him two years ago.\"Many people who want to serve food to the children may not be able to prepare it themselves and hand over the money to the homes. We prepare the food in the specific budget and ensure that it is of good quality,\" says Murugan.\"We also do not insist on the profit margin for ourselves. At times, we may have to spend from our pockets, but we do not mind doing that,\" says Ferose. Together, they cater to four children homes and one old age home on the Bypass Road stretch.With poori's being his specialty, Murugan has earned a nickname among the children, who affectionately call him 'poori mama'. \"They have given me this name because they like the poori's I prepare. You should see the joy in the eyes of the children when we visit the homes. That is what gives me a lot of happiness,\" says Murugan. \"Catering is a back breaking job and involves a lot of hard work but at the end of the day, we go with a lot of satisfaction and forget our toil because of the love these children shower us with,\" adds Ferose.A Irudyaraj who runs ABODE children home in Arapalayam says Murugan and Ferose are persons with a solid social commitment. \"They are of a great help and are not bothered about earning profits,\" he says. Besides, the duo also attends to small works in the children homes and provides small donations like soaps whenever possible. They have also started sensitising people in their locality about providing food to the children homes on special occasions.Both credit their families as being a great motivation in doing their good work. Murugan's wife Manimegalai and Ferose's mother Anarkali supports them with all necessary works in cooking for the children. \"Our families are a real help and always motivate us in our work.We are not wealthy people to take up this cause in a grand manner. We are simple caterers and are glad that we are able to help people in whatever little way we can,\" they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15371624", "title": "Sikh and Hindu bodies condemn killing of devotees in US gurdwara", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Sikh and Hindu communities have condemned the killing of six devotees in a US Gurdwara.Condemning the attack, director of NGO United Sikhs, Jatinder Singh said that they had alerted the community and have asked them to inform law enforcement agencies and United Sikhs about any suspicious activity .\"We are in constant touch with the White House , the DOJ, FBI and local law enforcement\" he said.Among the 6 devotees who lost their lives in the incident includes 1 Kathavachak (spiritual discourse giver), 2 sewadars (helpers) at the gurdwara , a woman and an old gentleman. The identity of sixth victim was unknown while the single gunman was also confirmed dead, he said.This act of terror has left the community in shock and we are counting on law enforcement agencies to make a statement soon to reassure the community,\" said Manwinder Singh, United Sikhs community advocacy director.Meanwhile, the Hindu community in the US also expressed solidarity with the Sikhs in the wake of Wisconsin gurdwara shooting.While condemning the incident, president of Universal Society of Hinduism, Razan Zed told TOI from Nevada, US, \" Our hearts go out to the victims and their families and the community is deeply saddened at this tragedy\".He also urged Hindus worldwide to offer prayers for the victims and their families in this difficult and challenging time and urged Hindu temples to hold special prayer sessions for the victims and their families.\" It was a senseless and shocking violence on a group of worshippers\" he said.Head of Sikh's prominent seminary Damdami Taksal, Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa has described the incident most shocking.\"It is unbelievable and tragic incident that has shaken the Sikhs around the world\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369899", "title": "Kolkata police set to recruit more women personnel", "text": "KOLKATA: With the sudden spurt in crimes against women, the city police want women's grievances to be handled with greater sensitivity. The police top brass has hence decided to strengthen the force by recruiting nearly 500 women personnel. They are now awaiting a nod from chief minister Mamata Banerjee.Sources in the police said that the chief minister, who also holds the home portfolio, herself wanted a significant growth in the number of policewomen. \"Being a woman, the chief minister took no time in understanding the need for sensitive handling of women's complaints,\" said an officer.City police chief R K Pachnanda has sent a proposal for recruiting 484 policewomen which include one deputy commissioner, three assistant commissioners, six sub-inspectors, 24 assistant sub-inspectors and the remaining constables. This will probably be the highest ever recruitment of women cops and replenish the women's grievance cell at the city police headquarters in Lalbazar.This is a significant move after the city and its fringes have been plagued with complaints of rape and molestation. The police had, in fact, been severely criticized for its insensitive handling of the Park Street rape case following which they had become more conscious. \"Not only does a woman complainant find it difficult to record her complaint before a male police officer, a policeman also gets scared of allegations of insensitivity levelled by the victim. It is always desirable that a woman officer handles such cases,\" said another officer.Besides cases of rape and molestation, male police officers also find it difficult to handle violent protests and processions in which women are used as shields. Any action against such violence gets branded as atrocities against women. \"Each of the city police stations has three female cops, two constables and a sub-inspector. But the number often proves inadequate. Particularly at night, police stations need women officers when complaints of atrocities against women pour in,\" said a senior police officer.According to officers, an all-women battalion was not just a step towards correcting city police's lopsided gender equation - 280 women to 25,720 men - but also a move to ensure practical policing.Though policewomen welcomed the initiative of recruiting more women personnel, some of them felt that other problem areas also needed to be addressed. The women want better facilities like separate toilets and changing rooms in police stations. These have to be dealt with as well, said a woman police officer.The city police is all set to fortify the women's cell with the highest ever recruitment of women personnel in the force. With the sudden spurt in crimes against women, the city police brass wants women's grievances handled with greater sensitivity.Now, the city police top brass is waiting for the green signal from chief minister Mamata Banerjee who also holds the home portfolio. Significantly, the chief minister herself wanted a significant growth in women police personnel in the city police force. \"Being a woman, the chief minister took no time in understanding the need for sensitive handling of women's complaints.\"City police chief R K Pachnanda has sent a proposal for recruiting 484 policewomen, including one deputy commissioner, three assistant commissioners, six sub-inspectors, 24 assistant sub-inspectors and the remaining constables. This will be quite a significant upgrade of the existing women's grievance cell at the city police headquarters at Lalbazar.This is a significant move after a few complaints of rapes and molestation in the city. Particularly, after the Park Street rape case and its inappropriate handling by the Park Street Police station, the city police force became acutely conscious about the sensitivity required for handling such cases. \"Not only does a woman complainant find it difficult to record her complaint before a male police officer, a policeman also gets scared of allegations of insensitivity by the victim. It is always desirable that a woman officer handles such cases,\" said another officer.Earlier, immediately after Bengal got her first woman chief minister in Mamata Banerjee, the city police sent a proposal to raise a full-fledged 2,600 strong all-women battalion.One of the first things Mamata told the police brass during a meeting recently was to increase the \"visibility\" of women in the ranks. According to officers, an all-women battalion was not just a step towards correcting city police's pathetically lopsided gender equation - 280 women to 25,720 men - but also in the direction of practical policing.Male police personnel find it very difficult to handle violent protests and processions in which women are used as shields. Any action against such violence gets branded as atrocities against women.\"Each of the city police stations has three female cops, two constables and a sub-inspector. But the number often proves inadequate. Particularly, at night, police stations need women officers when the complaints of atrocities against of women pour in,\" said an officer.Women personnel often found it awkward to work in a male dominated force. Traditionally, some necessary infrastructure is missing. Women personnel find it difficult to get separate toilet or changing rooms in police stations. These problems need to be addressed immediately, said a lady officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368624", "title": "New norms laid down for pathological laboratories", "text": "LUCKNOW: In its general body meeting held here on Sunday, the Lucknow Association of Practicing Pathologists and Microbiologists passed a 'common minimum criteria' for a genuine pathology laboratory. Apart from the doctors, the criteria will prove useful for people who visit the pathology labs for tests.Association general secretary Dr PK Gupta said, \"In the present age of modern medical science, correct diagnosis through machines and reagents is the mainstay of treatment. A wrong diagnosis can prove to be disastrous for a patient. Staying aware on the count is thus recommended.\"Attendants can also look whether biological waste is being disposed properly. This is important to evade chances for any kind of hospital borne infection. The association has advised patients' attendants to keep an eye on the attitude and behavior of the doctors and their staff.The doctors should show the machines used for tests to the patients' attendants if latter demand so. The center should not be crammed. There should be proper reception and collection area.The association has decided to launch \"Know your pathologist\" campaign in patients' interest.\"The general body expressed concern over various issue related to malpractices in the area pathological testing by unqualified persons including quacks,\" said an office bearer.The members were updated about the recent ban imposed by the Union government on the use of Elisa test for diagnosis of tuberculosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367936", "title": "School vacations extended by 15 days, extra classes to be held", "text": "GUWAHATI: The education department has decided to conduct extra classes in schools at the riot-hit Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area comprising Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Chirang and Baksa. Schools in BTC area will only reopen after August 15, while others across the state resumed classes from August 1 after their summer vacation. Babulal Sharma, director of secondary education, said: \"We wanted to ensure that peace returns to the BTC area so that students can go to their schools without any fear. That is why we extended their summer vacation till August 15, so that the situation improves further.\"There are about 200 educational institutions in the BTC area, but since the schools have not reopened, it is difficult to say whether the syllabus will be completed on time. But education department officials ensured that every possible step will be taken to ensure syllabuses are completed on time.Sharma said: \"There is a crisis in that area, and it is understood it would not be feasible to conduct classes as people are now in relief camps. In fact, even some schools too are being used as relief camps. Now, the situation is improving and we are waiting for some more days so that children do not face any problem to go to school once classes resume. As far as the syllabus is concerned, we will ensure that students do not suffer. We are not doing this out of choice, but because of an emergency situation,\" he said.It may be mentioned that state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma had also mentioned in a meeting last Saturday that the vacation has been extended till August 15, but if it stretched further, an alternative would have to be worked out. \"The vacations are on till August 15 as we cannot delay it more than that, but if such a situation arises, we'd have to think of other alternatives as we cant afford to keep schools closed for so many days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373626", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger's a swift, nice &amp; clean film: Salman Khan", "text": "Mega stars Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif feel the promos of Ek Tha Tiger have been well-appreciated and the expectations are hugeOn a muggy August evening, scores of fans in Ahmedabad waited for more than three hours just to have a glance at Salman Khan, the star who has changed all rules of Box Office with mega hits like Bodyguard and Dabangg in recent times.The restlessness to soak in that desire was so very evident on their faces. Salman Khan was in Ahmedabad on Sunday with his co-star Katrina Kaif to promote the film Ek Tha Tiger produced by Yash Raj Films which will be released on August 15.The security at the plush hotel was tight to the T to make the going smooth affair. Cameramen just couldn't have enough of capturing Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif in their lens. As the shutterbugs went on a fast track, the stars settled down for an open interaction.Dressed in a bluish-grey shirt, jeans and of course with dollops of attitude Salman Khan lived up to his image of a star who has lived life on his own terms. His co-star Katrina in a white top and green pencil skirt presented a pretty picture.Ek Tha Tiger directed by Kabir Khan created buzz even before it went on the floor. After all, for the first time Salman Khan is doing a film with Yash Raj and the expectations to break all previous records of B Town's big-ticket films is now thick in the air. And for nothing, nobody is even taking a chance to release a film on the same date. Such is the power of these two huge brands (Salman and Yash Raj) of the showbiz.Talking about Ek Tha Tiger, he says, \"I really enjoyed working with YRF. Bahut maaza aaya . Ek Tha Tiger is a nice film. It's a straight, clean film. It's swift and it has got all the dynamics. So, we are quite hopeful that it will click with people. Lot of hardwork has got into making the film,\" says Salman Khan who feels the real success of a film lies in people going to the theatres for watching it. He seems unfazed at all the talks of the film crossing the much talked about figure of Rs 100 crore and taking trade figures into a new dizzy high.When asked a question why the name Ek Tha Tiger? Salman in his characteristic style said, \"If I would have chosen the name then it would have been only Tiger. But then it's the director's wish to name the film like that. May be it was on the lines of all the stories we have heard at some point or other 'Once upon a time'. So may be after 200 years we can hear it once again ' Ek tha '.\"His pretty co-star Katrina who is currently riding high on the popularity wave is all excited to work with Salman once again. \"The audiences' expectation is huge. I have worked with Kabir Khan before in New York . Ek Tha Tiger has been shot in different locations. The film has been an honest attempt,\" says Katrina.Both Katrina and Salman feel \"The promos of Ek Tha Tiger have been well-received.For years, Salman Khan has stirred many hearts by his romantic endearing character called Prem. Today he has taken a different route to fame, recognition through Chulbul Pandey and Lovely. He says, \"It's difficult doing a Chulbul Pandey act because it involves lots of action and the like.\"Right now, it's over to Tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368955", "title": "Despite SC ban, thousands enter Melghat", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite a Supreme Court ban on entry of visitors in core areas of tiger reserves, hundreds of 'devotees' have started thronging the Dhargad Mahadeo temple in the core of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) for 'Shravan Yatra'.Around 15,000-20,000 people, mostly from Amravati and Akola districts, visit the Dhargad caves temple every year on the third Monday of 'Shravan'. The caves are located in Somthana forest range of Wan Wildlife Sanctuary, now part of the tiger reserve. The area has reported presence of tigers and sloth bears. This year, a tigress with two cubs was sighted in the area.As the Wildlife Protection Act (WPA) 1972 is ambiguous on religious tourism inside a reserve, forest department is helpless. As per the WPA, entry to the parks can be permitted by the chief wildlife warden only to those who reside inside. Permits can be granted subject to conditions and the payment of such fees to any person for the purposes of investigation or study of wildlife, photography, scientific research, tourism or transaction of lawful business with any person residing within the parks. Entry other than these purposes is illegal.However, K P Singh, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of MTR, says the state government itself issued a GR stating that those visiting religious places inside the protected areas should not be treated as tourists but devotees and entry fee should not be collected from them.\"The apex court ban is on tourists only. The people coming to Dhargad are on pilgrimage,\" Singh said. The state has temporarily shut the doors for tourists in all the four tiger reserves including Melghat following the July 24 Supreme Court ban.Conservationists ask how could possibility of poachers sneaking into the reserve as devotees be ruled out. This has happened in Bor Wildlife Sanctuary's Khori Khapa area a few years ago where a sloth bear had died in a metal trap.It was expected that the yatra would not be allowed as the organizers did not move the court to seek exemption from the ban but the park managers have decided to allow the devotees.Earlier, only a handful of visitors used to visit the place due to dense forest and danger from wild animals. However, in the recent years, the numbers have increased. Moreover, visitors come with vehicles and cooking utensils, polythene bags and eatables etc. These visitors light fire and cook food inside forest creating fire hazard too.Around 300-400 two-wheeler riders move into the area. Visitors coming on four-wheelers park vehicles at Gullarghat, again in core of MTR. Since last few years, MTR was trying to restrictions on visitors but their number is growing. MSRTC plies special buses to ferry visitors. These visitors litter the forest with plastic and garbage.Some visitors even trek the Kasod-Shivpur village route to reach Dhargad caves and then climb up the Narnala fort. The practice was stopped last year.Singh admitted that there were practical problems in implementing the ban but said pilgrims will be allowed to pass through the core area on sentimental grounds with certain restrictions. \"We have banned the tourism zones. As Amona village has been relocated, the Amona-Damkondi route has been closed. Help from NGOs is being taken to curb plastic menace. The money collected from parking will go to Gullarghat eco-development committee,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15368671", "title": "Wildlife conservation plan being chalked out for Chanda district", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department has initiated steps to comply with demands made by wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre during his recent fast in Nagpur to save tigers. Principal secretary (Forest) Pravin Pardeshi has directed officials to take measures in this direction. CCF and field director (Wildlife) Virendra Tiwari would review the action taken on a monthly basis.In July, Bandu Dhotre, under the banner of his organization Eco-Pro, had launched an indefinite fast in Nagpur to press 16-point demands for protection and conservation of tigers in Chandrapur. The fast was called off after nine days as the state government conceded to nearly all his demands. The forest minister had assured then to see that the demands are met.Accordingly, during a meeting held in Nagpur on July 27, Pravin Pardeshi directed senior forest officers to initiate steps in this direction. He also reminded local forest officers about the same at a rehabilitation meeting held in Chandrapur on the next day. On August 3, APCCF (wildlife) AK Saxena discussed the measures needed to be taken. CCF (Wildlife) Virendra Tiwari confirmed about receiving directives for a monthly review.Forest officers have been directed to prepare a 'wildlife conservation plan' for FDCM and non-buffer areas in the district for tiger protection on the lines of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). This plan will incorporate measures, including alleviating burden on forest guards, building protection huts, raising check posts etc in tiger bearing areas. Saxena has issued directives to ready this plan by September end.Steps have also been initiated for mapping of tiger corridor as demanded by Dhotre. \"Saxena has told officers to compile data of tiger breeding areas and their movement. The idea of putting the tiger corridor under eco-sensitive zone, thus providing it legal status was also discussed,\" said Tiwari. Dhotre, who was also present at the meeting, claimed that Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) too has forwarded a proposal for corridor mapping, which is also being considered by the forest officers.Tiwari informed that a proposal has already been forwarded for reformation of beats in TATR and reacquiring the fire fighting rights in core area from FDCM. TATR presently has 32 forest beats, which will be restructured into 85 beats. Fire fighting responsibility of TATR is now shouldered by FDCM. The department is contemplating handing over the fire fighting staff of FDCM to TATR. This, however, will need recruitment of additional staff.Dhotre claimed that the forest minister has assured to give Chandrapur status of 'Tiger District'. \"Forest minister Patangrao Kadam has agreed to declare Chandrapur as tiger district. It will be done once tiger conservation plan for FDCM and non-buffer area is prepared. Announcement is likely to be made in the winter session of the assembly in Nagpur,\" said Dhotre. He claimed that forest department has also agreed to deploy Van Patils and allocation of secret fund. Both the proposals are pending with the finance department for final approval.Proposals over demands for installing electronic eye surveillance in TATR and raising heights of parapet walls of wells in the fringe areas have been set into motion. Forest officers have been directed to finalize and forward the wildlife rescue center's proposal. The department is seeking advice from experts in wireless technology for synchronization and upgradation. Select personnel of Special Tiger Protection Force deployed at TATR will be trained and used as 'reserve forest force' for tackling wildlife rescue operations and man-animal conflict incidents, Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15367999", "title": "Man held for sending lewd SMS to married woman", "text": "IMPHAL: A local court remanded a man, who allegedly sent a lewd SMS to a married woman in Imphal, to judicial custody on Saturday.Acting on a complaint filed by the victim, Lily (name changed) from Imphal West, the police pulled up accused L Raj (24) of Khonghampat village in the same district on Friday evening. Immediately after his arrest, he was produced before the court of judicial magistrate first class (Imphal West), which sent him to judicial custody.The accused began sending lewd text messages to Lily's phone from July 22, sources said. Having gone through the indecent messages, Lily's husband charged her of having illicit relation with another man. Unable to convince her angry husband, a hapless Lily went back to her parental home.She then lodged a complaint with the police on July 27 and the cops traced Raj's phone number and arrested him from his residence. Raj reportedly said he called her number randomly and since the recipient was a woman, he began sending indecent messages to her. He, however, said he never met the woman.Meanwhile, volunteers of Young Women Help Organization (YWHO) rounded up a man, who allegedly raped a married woman on June 17 in Bishnupur district. Accused Ng Abothe was rounded up by volunteers YWHO from a village in Ukhrul district. He was handed over to the police on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369429", "title": "Centre smells fertilizer scam in Gujarat, says Srikant Jena", "text": "SURAT: Union minister of state for fertilizer and chemicals Srikant Jena has alleged a scam in the distribution of fertilizer in Gujarat. The state is facing drought yet as much as eight million tonnes of fertilizer have disappeared, he told TOI here on Sunday.\"I wrote a letter to Gujarat government seeking details about the distribution of fertilizer in the state. Farmers are not using fertilizer because of drought like condition then where has this huge quantity of it gone,\" asked Jena, who was in the city to participate in an Oriya community function.\"Central government provides a subsidy of Rs 13,000 per tonne on fertilizer but the farmers are not being benefited. If this is benefiting the chemical companies then it is an irregularity and we will unravel the truth. A large quantity of fertilizer is suspected to have been distributed among the chemical units in Gujarat,\" the minister alleged.He further alleged that the money allotted by the central government under various schemes to the state government has not been used for purpose it was provided for. \"The state government had not provided the clarifications asked for on the money spent and seemed to be trying to cover up something,\" Jena said.Jena was accompanied by Union minister of state for road transport and highways, Tushar Chaudhary and city unit Congress president Ashok Jirawala.Chaudhary said, \"To assess fund utilization under JNNURM, a committee has been set up by the central government. I have been appointed chairman of the committee for Surat. It has two BJP MPs also. Surat Municipal Corporation had failed to act on the proceedings of the committee for several months.\"He said assistance of Rs 14,000 crore sought by Gujarat for drought relief was unreasonable. \"Centre is focused on providing immediate relief to drought-hit areas so that drinking water for people and fodder for cattle are reached to them. However, the state government wants to spend the money now on check dams and canal construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367703", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan seeks quick President nod for housing bill", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to bring into force the Maharashtra Housing Regulatory Bill, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi , asking them to use their good offices to ensure that the bill gets the President's nod quickly. The law will come into force only after the President gives consent.In his letter, the CM has mentioned how the bill will help regulate the housing sector. In a first of its kind move in the country, the state passed the bill during the monsoon session of the state legislature. According to the bill, if a developer does not comply with the regulator's order, it could result in a Rs 10-lakh fine or imprisonment for up to three years or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368063", "title": "Man murdered after boozing session with friends", "text": "JAIPUR: A 35-year-old man was found murdered in Karni Vihar locality on Sunday. Primary police investigations suggest that his friends , with whom he sat for boozing on Saturday night, could be behind the brutal act.Some passers-by were shocked to see a blood-stained body with severe head injuries at a farm in front of the Heerapura power house on Sunday morning.The deceased, identified as Basant Kumar, was a barber at a local saloon. \"Initial reports suggest that some men had come to the saloon on Saturday evening and according to the shop owner were carrying a bottle of liquor with them,\" said B L Soni, police commissioner.Kumar left the shop with these men. The police, therefore, suspect that he was killed by these unidentified men following an argument.\"Some people in the locality, including the saloon owner, said he (victim) was an alcoholic and was seen in the company of these men on earlier instances too,\" the officer said.The medical report confirmed that he had consumed alcohol, and placed the time of murder around wee hours of Sunday, Soni said.The deceased, in an inebriated condition, was hit by stones before being left to die, police said.\"All the evidences gathered from crime scene, including the blood-stained stones at the farm, suggest that the murder was an outcome of a heated argument. It does not appear to be a planned murder,\" said a senior officer at Karni Vihar police station.Ex-gratia for deceased - The post-mortem of the deceased's body could not be conducted till 4 pm on Sunday as the Barbers' Association and his family demanded an ex-gratia. It was only after police assurance that the agitators allowed the authorities to take the body for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369895", "title": "Police dog to guard cemetery", "text": "KOLKATA: A cement stump is what remains of the decorative lights to brighten Michael Madhusudan Dutt's tomb. Vandals have not only stolen the iron lamp-posts but also the metal balls erected between the V-shaped railing-ends surrounding the tomb.It isn't the only thing that will hit you if you step into the 77-bigha Lower Circular Road cemetery. The decorative marble and granite structures on the railing of John Drinkwater Bethune have also gone missing.The PWD had beautified Madhusudan's tomb and erected the lamp posts 10 years ago. Within two years, they vanished. Unable to stop the large-scale wall scaling and vandalism over a decade, a police dog is now set to be \"deployed\" to man the 172-year-old cemetery.The Christian Burial Board, Kolkata, which is responsible for maintenance and supervision of five cemeteries in the city, feels that one dog, in addition to a guard who keeps a vigil 24 hours on his cycle, patrolling throughout the cemetery with a whistle, is enough to scare away miscreants who disfigure tombstones, stealing their marble and granite slabs. The cemetery in Mullickbazar houses graves of poet Madhusudan Dutt and John Drinkwater Bethune, a pioneer of women's education in India.\"This cemetery is a favourite place for thieves and drug-peddlers who haunt it after sunset, demolishing the colonial architecture and ornamental tombstones and lighting fires for burning electric cables to extract its copper, which they sell in Burrabazar. We've discussed this with police. We would keep a dog to guard it. We will try to ensure that it doesn't bite intruders and just raises an alarm after chasing them, following which the criminals would be gheraoed and the police informed. The dog should be a trained Doberman and will be entrusted to a trained handler,\" said Ranajoy Bose, executive member, Christian Burial Board.Bose said: \"One Doberman with a skilled trainer is enough to ward off miscreants, since there will be another guard who patrols the cemetery. So there will be two security measures simultaneously to protect this place. However, we are yet to arrive at a final conclusion regarding the security measures of the cemetery and are planning to implement these with the aid of the police.\" He refused to divulge the details of any further plans for the protection of the Lower Circular Road cemetery, saying that it would alert the culprits who would go about their tasks more shrewdly.As you walk down the cement pathway, you will find cracks in numerous cement and marble gravestones, while some lay in complete ruins, exposing broken bricks and bare earth, partially concealed by overgrown weeds. The cracks developed are the consequence of igniting electric cable wires beside the tombstones, and the wreckage is caused by regular vandalism by miscreants. Containing 12,000 graves, this ancient cemetery possesses graves of James Wilson who introduced taxation in India, H C Mukherjee, the first Governor of West Bengal of independent India, Charles Freer Andrews, who was an associate of Gandhi and has Dinabandhu Andrews College in Garia named after him, Rev. Lal Behari Shah who founded the first blind school in India, founder director of ONGC , Austin Ghosh and other famous personalities.The southern boundary of the cemetery is unscaleable due to the presence of the Institute of Neurosciences which shares its wall with the cemetery. Bose said, \"We have escaped threats of wall-scaling at least from one side, thanks to the hospital. But despite having barbed wires over walls that are 16 feet in height, these desperate criminals somehow intrude by cutting the wires or crossing walls with the help of trees. We cannot increase the height of the walls without chopping the trees, which aren't desirable, so the cemetery continues to be vulnerable to such attacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15368314", "title": "A day out with friends", "text": "INDORE: For city youngsters, Friendship Day turned out to be an occasion to strengthen their bond of friendship with old and new friends. This Sunday, large number of youngsters chose to visit the nearby places like Mandu, Patalpani and Tincha Fall in groups, while many others were seen having fun at up market lounges and cafe.For Manali Sharma and three of her friends, it was an occasion to relive their old days and strengthen their bond of friendship. Manali along with her friends Smita, Nikhita and Amrita went to Cafe Palette and painted each other's photographs. Later, they gifted each other their painting as souvenir.\"We are meeting each other after two years and nothing could have been better than a painting session to make this day memorable,\" said Manali adding that they had moved to different cities after their college for jobs. Though they were in touch with each other but could not find time to meet each other due to professional commitments.\"So, we decided to meet on this day this year to relive our old days and go back to work with fresh memories,\" said Nikhita.Unlike Manali and her friends, Abhishek Mishra and his group hit the road on their bike and went to Mandu to have fun in the lap of nature.\"Mandu is one of the best places to visit during monsoons and nothing can be better than to roam around in the scenic locations of Mandu with your group of friends,\" said Abhishek adding that pleasant weather also added to the fun quotient.Similarly, Roshni Bajaj and her friends also chose Mandu for their day-out.\"In the fast paced-city life, people do not get enough time to enjoy with their friends. Hence we visit this place nestled in the nature's lap every year on Friendship Day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371802", "title": "Multiplexes refuse to screen 'From Sydney With Love'", "text": "The late filmmaker Pramod Chakravorty had ruled the theatres with films like Love In Tokyo, Ziddi and Tumse Achcha Kaun Hai in the 1960s. Fifty years down the line, his grandson Prateek has been refused suitable slots to screen his venture From Sydney With Love, an attempt to revive the home banner Pramod Films. Multiplexes have shut their doors to the young director refusing to lap up the Rs 15 crore film, that was supposed to release on August 3, perhaps because it doesn't have any A-list actor in the cast.Currently in a fix, Prateek told us, \"Some multiplexes were giving me a few slots to screen the film. But any recovery of any kind would've been impossible in those time bands. Others refused to exhibit my film outright. How can anybody throw me out of the race, even before I have started? I really don't know what to say about this unfair treatment meted out to me.\"Surely, corporatisation of the Hindi film industry has spelt doom for many such old production houses. Prateek's attempt at reviving his grandfather's banner being one such example. The young filmmaker stands to lose as much as Rs 25 crore if his film fails to get screen space soon.His close friend explained, \"Prateek had premiered the film in Sydney. Also, he had spent a considerable amount on promotions. The total expenditure was about Rs 22 crore. Now, he will need to spend another Rs 2.5-3 crore on publicity when the revised release date is finalised.\"A handful of bigger budget productions cannibalised Pateek's venture last Friday. \"The multiplexes concentrated on Jism 2. Then suddenly, a few smaller films were announced - Krisna Aur Kans, Shuttlecock boys. Sydney... simply got sidelined,\" he said.According to Prateek's friend, they could have still gone ahead with the release albeit in small pockets. \"But that would have been suicidal,\" added the friend.Rattled by the multiplexes' refusal to screen his film, Prateek has still not decided on a final date. \"We now expect to hit the theatres on either August 24 or 31,\" said the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368389", "title": "My trust is costing my life, won\u2019t forgive him: Geetika Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Geetika Sharma left behind a heart-rending suicide note, explaining the trauma she was going through. She blames Gopal Kanda and his associate for driving her to the brink of suicide. She has also alleged that Kanda was having an illicit relationship with another woman with whom he has a child.Police, meanwhile, are perplexed about the mention of two different dates on the two pages of the suicide note. A source said the sequence of events was very complicated. \"Maybe she wrote two different dates because of her troubled emotional state; but we are still probing,\" an officer said.Cops are also probing her call records to find out who all she spoke to before ending her life. Geetika, said a source, had spoken to her brother, Ankit, around 12.30am. She was very attached to him and he was a fashion designer in the making. Ankit's works had been selected for Lakme India Fashion Week and were to be showcased on Sunday; she had called up to wish him luck.Geetika had dreams of a bright future; but she fell into \"wrong hands\", says her family. \"She began to believe she was free from Kanda's clutches after quitting his company; but he allegedly came back to haunt her. She had enrolled for an MBA in July but was having troubles pursuing it as Kanda allegedly continuously pestered her through calls and messages,\" said a source.Neither the cops nor the family could exactly specify the relationship Kanda and Geetika shared but they said they knew something was going wrong and that Geetika was in trouble. \"Once she told her mother that Kanda had begun to call her at odd hours to office and the way he had touched her was not appropriate. She didn't understand that the man was exploiting her and ruining her life even though he was offering her a much higher post and providing amenities like a company car and foreign visits. Around two months ago, she was sent to Singapore for business visits and Kanda used to accompany her often.\"What the suicide note says:\"Gopal Goyal is a fraud. He always keeps bad intentions towards girls. He's a man of no shame and no guilt. He always takes advantage of others. He has illegal relationship with woman named ***** and a girl child also with her. Still he keeps on hitting on girls. He's a shameless and worst man I have ever seen in my life. In the name of relationship, trust, he cheats people and harasses them. He always lies. He lies to his family, kids, people around, everyone.Now this time Aruna is also helping him to hurt me, harass me, sabotage my family. She used to act as my well-wisher but eventually she has shown her true colours. For the sake of the job she can stoop down to any level. My biggest mistake was I trusted them which is now costing me my life. I will never ever forgive them. They are the ones who have separated me today from my mom, dad n bhai. I hate them, these two\u2014Geetika\" (sic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373760", "title": "You have to be a foodie to be a cook: Andy", "text": "Television actor and anchor Andy shares his de-stress mantrasMy personal de-stress mantraBecause of my hectic schedule, I often find it difficult to include any \"me time\" in my routine. Keeping my schedules in mind I have come up with a very simple regime for the same. My personal de-stress mantra is very clear and classic, it simply reads - Keep calm, and carry on; this is displayed on my keys and the art work in my home that can be read immediately on arrival.In my leisure timeIn my leisure time I like to swim, dance, workout, and go to the movies at least 3 times a week. I try and find time to be alone with my thoughts and meditate. I've recently learned new techniques of dealing with self defeating thoughts that arise from the route of your being and can be easily overlooked. I also like to shop and check out fine restaurants that can easily stray from my diet plan. I also like to spend some of my free time reading messages from well-wishers on my FB Page and try to be regular with my tweets.A cook or foodieI really feel you have to be a foodie to be a cook, as the love of food creates the best chefs all around the world. I myself grew up in a house where not the women , but men cooked, as my father was a chef and had three restaurants in and around London; I remember my father experimenting with ingredients at the time for what seemed hours, and he'd then look on as we tried his new concoctions. I remember being surprised and pleased with the textures and tastes I experienced and most of which were for me, new and exciting, from then I've been a full-on foodie that can cook.My hobbies areMy hobbies are swimming; I have only very recently learnt how to swim, and have fallen in love with the water, and can spend many days of the week swimming. I have many activities that interest me and have now started to follow up on many of them, such as playing tennis, and going back to singing.Homebody or party animalI'm very much now a homebody, saying that I have been a party animal for years and only now have started to enjoy being at home. I guess when you spend a lot of time out of station working you really appreciate the home space. I like to party at friends' places but love dressing up, so to satisfy that urge I go out to nightspots that allow a little dancing and good music which help blow off steam.sharanya.cr@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368339", "title": "'39% out-of-school children are from construction sites, illegal dwellings'", "text": "PUNE: City-based NGO Door Step School's own survey has found 2,680 out-of-school children in the 6-8 age bracket in the city. The NGO's drive is part of its campaign to enroll all 6-7-year-old children in std I of municipal schools.The survey combed all 76 civic panels in the city and covered 716 sites. It found that 39% of the out-of-school children were from small construction sites and unauthorised dwellings. The study also mapped 41 PMC and six Zilla Parishad schools close to these to assess the capacity of these schools to admit them. It found that of the 41 PMC schools, 40% had potential capacity shortfall (based on 2011-12 enrolment figures and survey data). Transport assessment of 458 sites proved that transport to school was required at 82% sites and for 84% children.Rajani Paranjpe, founder president, Door Step School, said, \"The campaign is called Every Child Counts. It is a citizens' initiative to enroll every 6-8 year old child in standard 1 of municipal schools. The Right to Education Act directs children to be put in the age-appropriate class, which means that a ten-year-old will have to be put in std V irrespective of not having been in school before that. Hence, the child will have to put in extra efforts and cover all that he/she has missed. Therefore, it is better to enroll these 6-7 year olds in schools now.\"\"The survey is by no means complete and we have probably covered just 40% of sites in PMC limits. A large number of volunteers are required to continue the work and ensure maximum number of 6-7 yr old children are enrolled this year,\" said Paranjpe.\"We have admitted as many as 602 children in various schools as part of the campaign. However, transport is a problem for most. Thus of the 602 enrolled, 202 have been provided transport or escort. About 192 go to school walking (82) or by school arranged transport (77) or by PMT bus ( 31) or by transport arranged by parents (2). However, a total of 208 children of the total enrolled are not attending schools due to lack of transport. Capacity shortfall is probably not seen at present, because though children are enrolled, they cannot reach schools,\" she said.Every Child Counts is a citizens' campaign initiated by the Door Step School in partnership with NGOs Swadhar, Childline and Tara Mobile Creche.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "city mayor sunil prabhu took time off to answer questions by nie star correspondents at his official residence. excerpts", "code": "15367585", "title": "\u2018One can\u2019t blame Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation for all ills\u2019", "text": "City mayor Sunil Prabhu took time off to answer questions by NIE star correspondents at his official residence. Excerpts:Q: How is the ban on plastic bags being implemented?A: Use of plastic bags thinner than 0.50 microns has to be stopped. There's no legislation to that effect. These are things that can be enforced by creating awareness among users. Some people fail to adhere to it for the sake of convenience, this has to change. We held discussions with the CM on ways to curb use of plastic. Children too can work towards creating awareness to curtail the use of plastic bags. Each one is responsible towards the environment.Q: What is the BMC doing to improve conditions in municipal hospitals in the city?A: Records show that the municipal hospitals have many more patients than any private hospital in the city. So, new facilities are being provided: CT scans and MRI facilities are in place. There is also a special ward for monsoon-related diseases. We also have a health centre in every ward. In the western suburbs, we are redeveloping the Bhagwati hospital and other smaller yet important hospitals in Kandivli. It's not that healthcare in these hospitals is not good. It's just that, because of large number patients from all over the state and from all economic classes who come here, one feels they are not equivalent to private ones.Q: What is the BMC doing about its open spaces?A: Every 15 years, a new development plan for each city is made and Mumbai\u2014being the hub of all activity\u2014needs to revamp its DP more often. Each time we ensure that open spaces like playgrounds, gardens and reserved grounds are not touched. We never allow any organization to encroach upon open spaces in the city.Q: How can BMC correct the potholed roads?A: One can't blame the BMC for everything. Factors like Mumbai's coastal location, geological status, climatic conditions, humidity levels and rainfall patterns account for the rapid deterioration of roads. The BMC is doing its best to resolve the problem.Q: What are BMC's plans to develop Mumbai as a tourist destination?A: We are in talks with Singapore Government and they are helping develop the zoo. Animals are being shipped in for the inauguration. The zoo will have features like that of the Singaporean one. The national park and Powai lake are also being revamped.(Shloka Sah, class X BAF Petit High School, Swagat Siby, class X, St Mary's School, Mohit Rao, class X, Shri M B School and Kanika Jain, class X, Aditya Birla World Academy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15368887", "title": "Diarrhoea-hit Ganjam cancels doctors' leaves", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Ganjam district administration has cancelled leaves of doctors and para-medical staff in diarrhoea-affected areas. Unconfirmed reports say death toll from the disease in the district has risen to seven with two more persons succumbing to the water-borne disease. Government sources, however, said the toll remained two.\"We have asked doctors and para-medical staff in the diarrhoea-hit areas to remain on duty cancelling leaves that they might have taken,\" collector Krishan Kumar said on Sunday after visiting some of the villages near Bhanjanagar on Saturday. There are four medical officers in the health centre at Gallery, one of the worst-affected areas.Locals said two persons had died in the past 24 hours and several new cases were reported. Official sources denied the reports.The affected villages include Domuhani, Raigochha, Dihapadhal, Tulasipur, Nuapalli, Harigada and Badangi, near Bhanjanagar. A medical team is camping at Domuhani and an ambulance has been pressed into service, the collector said. \"The situation is now under control,\" he asserted.Director of public health Gyan Ranjan Patnaik also discussed the situation with health officials here on Friday. He directed them to disinfect the area and distribute halogen tablets to prevent the disease from spreading to new areas. \"We have taken all possible preventive measures to arrest the spread of the disease in the new areas,\" additional district medical officer (public health) L K Rath said.The disease spread to new areas of Bhusanda under Sheragada block and Sashan Padar in Rangeilunda block, where at least nine persons have been affected. \"A medical team is in Sheragada. The situation in Shasan Padar is very much under control,\" Rath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369179", "title": "Malleswaram will have to wait for tryst with Metro", "text": "BANGALORE: Malleswaram, Rajajinagar and Yeshwantpur residents will have to wait for some more time to hop on to Namma Metro.Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has been claiming it will launch its commercial operations on Reach 3 between Swastik theatre and Peenya areas by this year-end. But there is no way this can happen as work on a crucial 66-metre viaduct span of Reach 3 (northern corridor) is yet to begin, following withholding of sanction by the authorities concerned.The 66-metre girder has to be laid across the City-Yeshwantpur railway line at Srirampuram. BMRC's design and drawings for the crucial line have been cleared by the chief bridge engineer, South West Railway.However, BMRC has said the commissioner of railway safety (CMRS) has withheld sanction. According to BMRC, sanction has been withheld on the grounds that the railways should approve both the design and safety of the girder, to ensure the larger structure is strong.In a letter to the secretary, Union urban development ministry, BMRC chairman N Sivasailam has said they are \"losing precious time, since the construction of the 66-metre span is critical to line opening\".\"It takes at least six months after the CMRS gives approval to construct the viaduct span, since a substantial number of traffic and power blocks have to be taken for erection of temporary arrangements for cast-in-situ construction on top of the electrified railway tracks,\" he said.Besides, working hours are limited to only 3-4 hours every night since there is hectic traffic on the railway line linking Bangalore City and Yeshwantpur railway stations, Sivasailam pointed out, seeking the ministry's intervention to resolve the impasse.The CMRS, however, has denied withholding sanction. Blaming the railways for the delay in taking up work, SK Mittal, CMRS, Bangalore, told TOI: \"I only demanded that the Railways should certify the bridge design as it is a matter of concern for their passengers too.\"Mittal claimed it was at least 10 days since he asked South Western Railways to push for the certification.BMRC has claimed that checking the girder design is beyond the purview of the Railways and according to Railway Board guidelines, the role of the zonal railways is limited to granting approval only. The CMRS directive is at variance with the Railway Board directives, Sivasailam said in his letter.HELEN, MARGARITA TO RUN INTO ROCKThe two tunnel boring machines (TBMs), meanwhile, are moving rapidly towards Vidhana Soudha from Central College station. While Helen has traversed 200 metres, Margarita has finished 60 metres.The distance between Vidhana Soudha and Central College stations is 750 meters. But the area is full of hard rocks, slowing Helen and Margarita's progress. This also means the government has that much more time to take a call on shifting the Ambedkar statue in front of Vidhana Soudha, which is crucial for the smooth progress of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15371438", "title": "US gurdwara shooting: NGO announces $10000 award for police officer who saved many lives", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh rights group, Sikh for Justice, has announced a $10000 award for the police officer who risked his life to defend Sikhs in a shooting at Wisconsin gurdwara, according to Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, the NGO's legal advisor.While announcing the award for the 'super cop' who saved many lives at Wisconsin gurdwara shootout, the rights group stated that the US claimed to be a savior of religious minorities across the world but had miserably failed to protect the religious minorities at home.Citing hundreds of hate crimes perpetrated against Sikhs and other religious minorities since September 11, 2001, Sikh for Justice held Obama administration responsible for failing to protect the religious minorities in the US .The group has also announced to approach the US Commission on International Religious Freedom to suggest concrete measures to the Obama administration for protection of religious minorities in the US .Pannun, who practices civil rights in the US, said that attack on Sikhs in the US was not due to mistaken identity as commonly portrayed but rather Sikhs were targeted for being Sikhs, a religious minority.While sympathizing and showing solidarity with the families of victims and the community at large, Pannun stated that it was incumbent upon Obama administration to take concrete measures to prevent future hate crimes against Sikhs or any other religious minority.\"These attacks have cultivated deep sense of insecurity among the American Sikh community\" he said .He said Sikh for Justice has decided to approach gurdwaras across North America to create a Trust Fund to prevent future hate crimes against Sikhs and to spread awareness about the principles of Sikhism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369261", "title": "Will it be me next time, asks student", "text": "MANGALORE: The Morning Mist Home Stay attack on July 28 has left prominent citizens in the city shocked. But fear psychosis has already set in among the youth. A telling comment of angst was made by Medha Alexander, a student of KMC, at the meeting organized by concerned citizens under the banner `Arise Mangalore' here on Sunday.\"The real shame is that these crude men have already achieved what they set out to do. I am scared of them and the fear is real,'' she said.Medha said: \"My first thought when I saw the visuals was -- will it be me and my friends next time? Will my parents turn on the TV one evening to see me and my friends in the same position?''She has more questions: \"Tomorrow will they attack the college canteen if they find boys and girls eating food together? Or if I walk with Rashid Khalifa, Gobinder Singh or Anthony Verghese, will it earn me two slaps and a sound thrashing for the boy?''She fears that if this is allowed to continue, the boundaries may expand even to the field of education and occupation.\"Today a girl is thrashed for talking to a boy. Tomorrow will it be for getting a seat in the professional college on merit or driving a car or playing competitive sports?''Asserting that none other than their parents and elders should deal with them, she said: \"Who gave the goons the authority to be 'guardians of morality'' and deliver punishment?''The only way out, Medha presumed, is for right-minded citizens to publicly, lawfully and morally shun and ostracize the goons.Noting that the greatest centres of higher education have thrived because of free thinking, Medha urged the government to provide a safe environment which can help them grow as responsible and productive citizens, lest the unsafe environment outside the classroom stymies them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "15367647", "title": "TRS president sets fresh deadline for Telangana state", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A day after announcing that his party would intensify the agitation for separate Telangana from August 20, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrashekar Rao set a fresh deadline to the Centre to carve out a new Telangana state. \"I am waiting for completion of the vice-presidential election on August 7. If the Centre fails to announce a decision soon after the vice-presidential polls, we will go all-out,\" he said and warned that this time the agitation would be very intense and severe. \"There is no question of the TRS withdrawing from the separate statehood movement,\" he added.The TRS chief was addressing a gathering at Kanteshwar on Sunday after unveiling a statue of Telangana ideologue K Jayashankar.KCR claimed that he has been keeping silent because PM Manmohan Singh had asked him to restore peace in the state before the central government could take a decision on Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373200", "title": "Balakrishna is back with powerful dialogues", "text": "As expected, Nandamuri Natasimham Balakrishna's forthcoming film Srimannarayana comes with powerful dialogues. The film's first teaser, which was released couple of days back, has Balayya uttering punch dialogues against the goons.Balakrishna's movies always attract the masses who just love him for those heavy-duty dialogues and Balayya is once again back in action with his typical dialogues in Srimannarayana. Film nagar circles were already awestruck by the mass-power and here goes the dialogue.\"Ee Adda kaina nenu ready, Kadapa seven road center ki raana, Anantapur Saptagiri circle ki raana lekapothe Kurnool Kondareddy Burzu ok na leka Vijayawada Benz Circle ok na lekapothe Karimnagar kaman ki raana, abhey bol !!! ekkadiki vachchina woo banega Sher ki Adda.\"Balayya is all set to rock the tinsel town as a powerful journalist in this movie, which is directed by Ravi Chawla. The actor will be romancing with two ravishing ladies- Isha Chawla and Parvati Melton in this action entertainer produced by Ramesh Puppala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369108", "title": "\u2018Bureaucratic\u2019 defence ministry delayed Army response in violence-hit Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the Assam fiasco where several crucial hours were wasted in deploying the Army to contain violence, the home ministry has asked the defence ministry to change the latter's standard operating procedures (SOPs) for deployment of troops so that 'procedural' delay is not repeated in future when local administration needs assistance to deal with riot-like situations.The SOPs, which have been in force since the anti-Sikh riots in 1984, expect local Army commanders not to entertain requests of district magistrates unless it is routed through the defence ministry. Section 130 of CrPC, however, empowers the senior-most civil/police officer having magisterial powers in a district to requisition Army to control violence. This law makes it obligatory for the armed forces to obey such requisition and help local administration in controlling violence.As a result of the SOPs, troops did not move to troubled Kokrajhar and Chirang despite being asked by the respective district magistrates for quick deployment on the very first day of violence on July 20. The subsequent request was made from Dhubri on July 23. The actual deployment was, however, made in these districts only after a delay of three to five days once the defence ministry issued a formal order.Finding the 'procedure' a major stumbling block in handling such violence, the home ministry has now conveyed to the defence ministry that the SOPs for troops deployment to control violence could not take precedence over existing law and therefore it should accordingly be changed.The delayed deployment in Assam had even prompted state chief minister Tarun Gogoi to express anguish, saying had the Army been deployed in time, many lives could have been saved.The home ministry, during a post-mortem of the episode, found that the local Army commanders did not budge over the district magistrate's request till a formal request was made by the state chief secretary to Union home secretary R K Singh who, in turn, asked the defence ministry to rush in Army personnel to Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri.Even the formal request could not see the defence ministry act swiftly. The ministry reportedly felt that the riots could be locally contained with the help of police and paramilitary personnel and therefore did not want Army to get embroiled in an ethnic conflict.\"This initial reluctance caused lot of damage as we later found out that most of the killings took place before the deployment of Army,\" an official official.Had local Army commanders heeded these requests, troops could have reached the trouble spots within three to four hours as two major Army stations, including a full Mountain Division, are located within a distance of 150 km from the violence-hit districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369408", "title": "Extra load on gensets leaves Allahabad University sweating", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The teachers, employees and students of Allahabad University are reeling under power interruption and low voltage during daily rostering: 10am to 1pm. The genesis of the problem lies in overloading of six heavy duty generators, catering to the needs of three campuses of AU.The power back up of three campuses is handled by six generators. Of these, two generators (250 KVA and 200 KVA) are installed at arts faculty, three (one of 320 KVA and two 200 KVA) are installed at science faculty while the commerce faculty has two generators (125 KVA and another of 200 KVA at Nehru Science Centre).\"Under ideal conditions, any generator works efficiently if the load is 75% of its stipulated capacity but things gets worse if the load crosses the potential,\" said an AU official. Things were under control few years ago when the varsity did not have so many air-conditioners (AC). After being made a central university and flow of funds, every department and office got ACs which increased the overall load of the campus,\" he added.The problem of low voltage, causing tripping of vital equipments, during the rostering period is because of continued usage of ACs during the generator backup. As numerous ACs are not stopped, the generators stops working because of overloading as a result the students and teachers suffer as the fans and lights at classrooms too stops working. The engineering section of AU has regularly written to head of the departments and officials to stop the ACs during the rostering period but few followed the request. The engineering section, when confronted with a similar situation couple of years back, had cut the electrical supply for the ACs during running of generators and as a result maximum of the ACs function only when the main light comes at the campus.But, some faculty members have found a new method of switching on ACs fitted in their chambers. Sources informed TOI that these teachers, especially in the science faculty, are using extension cords and attaching the ACs plug into the cord and making it operational even during power cut. As a result the generators get heated and stops functioning thereby making the rest of faculty sweat. Same implies with the students who do not switch-off the lights and fans when they leave the classroom.\"Once a given genset heats up, it automatically shuts down and it takes around half an hour for it to start again. These generators heats up because of overloading as vital equipments get heated,\" said an official of AU.Till the time every member of university understands his/her responsibility, things will not improve at the campus, said the generator operator of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15370219", "title": "'We will soon start a super-specialty OPD at Cantonment Hospital in Deolali'", "text": "CEO of Deolali Cantonment Board Amol JagtapSuper Specialty services soon at Cantonment General HospitalWhat is the state of affairs in the Deolali Cantonment Board?The board basically looks after civic administration, which includes providing water, sanitation, infrastructure, education, hospitals, markets and other facilities to citizens. With the exception of maintaining law &amp; order, every other service is provided by the board to its residents. Area-wise, it is the biggest cantonment board in the country and is also category 1, given its population of above 50,000.What are the visible changes after the Cantonment Act's amendment?It has been made more democratic. Earlier, there were seven wards in the cantonment area; now there are eight. One member from each ward is elected to be part of the 16-member board committee. While eight are elected representatives, the remaining are officials. This is to keep parity between officials and representatives of citizens. The president of the committee is the station commandant and others, from the officials on the board, include the commandant of the military hospital, garrison engineer, three army nominated members, a nominee of the district magistrate and the chief executive officer as member secretary.When are the board elections due?The elections may take place around May 2013. The process may, however, begin after a notification is issued. The work prior to the election includes restructuring of wards of the cantonment area as well as deciding on reservations. Out of the eight elected members, three should be women.There is a constant rise in property prices in Deolali. Is there an influx?Deolali has always been known for its good climate. Further, stringent laws in the Cantonment Board Act control the height of buildings and floor space index (FSI) among other things, which has prevented Deolali Camp from becoming overcrowded. Nonetheless, though property prices are rising, the population rise is roughly 5%, given that it is a purely residential area. The population in the Deolali cantonment area must be roughly 60,000 now.Given the restrictions of the army and demands of civilians, what are the challenges faced by you as CEO?As CEO, I have to look after the concerns of the army with regard to security and training, and at the same time take care of the aspirations and demands of the civilian population. Of course, there are challenges, but I have to find a way out as per provisions in the Cantonment Act.What about the developmental work in the Deolali cantonment area?We will soon start a super-specialty out-patient department (OPD) at the Cantonment General Hospital in Deolali. For many critical ailments, people from Deolali Camp, Bhagur and many other villages who use the facilities of the cantonment hospital, have to go to Nashik city. We thus thought of starting a super-specialty OPD by roping in experts like neuro-physicians, cardiologists, nephrologists, specialists in diabetes from renowned hospitals in the city like Wockhardt and Magnum, who will come here on the first and third Saturdays of every month and check patients. Once the response is good, the frequency of their visits will be increased. We have also proposed a special building for special children on the premises of the Cantonment Hospital.What is the status on the education front?We have five primary schools, a high school, seven kindergartens and a class-room for illiterate citizens. A school for children of workers on construction sites is also doing well.Water supply is said to be a problem in the Cantonment area. What is the reason?Actually, it is not so. In case of a water shortage we provide water tankers. Our main source of water is the Darna river, from where water is drawn, treated and supplied to residents. Since scarcity of water at times does pose challenges, we are making a proposal for round-the-clock water supply in the cantonment area.The army is building barrages in the Darn river near Bhagur at a cost of Rs 38 crore. Through this we can have sufficient water and provide round-the-clock supply. With continuous metered supply, wastage will be minimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15370173", "title": "State to give Steel Authority of India Limited a big bite of its only mini steel plant", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to revive the Steel Complex Limited (SCL), the only mini steel plant in Kerala, the state government has decided to handover another 25% of the company's shares to the country's largest steel producer Steel Authority of India Limited (Sail). With 75% of the shares in its kitty, Sail will become a majority shareholder of the firm and will be in a position to take policy decisions.Sail had already signed a joint venture (JV) with SCL for a 50:50 partnership and the shares of the company were transferred to Sail in December 2010. Meanwhile, chief minister Oommen Chandy has entrusted additional chief secretary V Somasundaram to expedite the transfer of shares.He will formally express the state government's willingness to handover 75% equity of SCL to Sail during his visit to Delhi as part of the meeting of the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction on August 21. Apparently the 50:50 pact between the two firms seems to have failed to turnaround the company.The JV had envisaged setting up of a rolling mill to produce 65,000 metric tonnes of steel a year. However, paucity of funds hit the plan. Though the management control was even then with Sail, the chairman was appointed by the state government.The decision to handover additional 25 per cent equity was taken on the basis of a meeting held by M K Raghavan MP with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and industries minister Kunhalikutty in Thiruvananthapuram on August 3.\"The chief minister has agreed to expedite the work. The Rs 64-crore rerolling mill will materialize only if the SCL hands over the majority of its shares to Sail,'' M K Raghavan said.Taking over of the SCL by SAIL has been one of the long-pending demands of the employees of the SCL. The SCL has around 200 employees which include around 120 permanent staff and rest of them appointed on daily wage and contract basis.\"At present we don't have job security. We will get all the benefits of central government if Sail takes over the firm, ''said K Shaji, president of the Steel Employees Union (affiliated to INTUC).He said the takeover will bring in more accountability and improve production as funds won't be any issue. Though the plan was to produce 2,000 metric tonnes of steel per month, SCL currently produces only 1,000 tonnes due to unavailability of scrap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14237848", "title": "Bite into delicious, healthy corn", "text": "It's certainly the season for corn, here's why the grain presents a delicious and healthy bite...Monsoon is meant for hot corn or bhutta - boiled, buttered or had roasted and with spices! With numerous health benefits, here's why you should tuck into the grain's yellow goodness today...Found on every corner The little bhuttawalas perhaps present the best way to have corn - roasted and with slight spice. Said to be high in fibre, corn can help with digestive problems like constipation and yellow corn is also high in the carotenoid, lutein, which can protect against heart disease and macular degeneration. Says nutritionist Niti Desai, \"I'd advocate eating corn. It has plenty of carbohydrates and is a great source of iron.\" It is rich in Vitamin A and has phosphorous and folic, both of which are good for women.Chilli lime corn recipeIngredients Whole corn on the cob - 3 Butter - 80 g Garlic, crushed - \u00bd tsp Lemon juice - of 1 lemon Parsley - \u00bd tsp Red chilli flakes - 1 \u00bd tsp Salt and pepper - to tasteMethod Grill the whole corn on the cob until well roasted all over all. Adds spices to the butter. Season to taste and brush the butter generously on the corn.Calorie count: 1) The calorific content of corn is approximately 342 calories per 100 grams, which is among the highest in cereals. 2) Half a cup of raw corn kernels is said to have 18 grams effective (net) carbohydrate plus 3 grams fiber and 89 calories.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15367569", "title": "Civic body, Central Railway bicker over Kalyan bridge", "text": "KALYAN: A narrow 21-year-old foot-overbridge (FOB) connecting three of Kalyan's oldest housing societies and its adjoining areas is in a dilapidated condition. The bridge is the only access to the railway station for 50,000 residents of Lokgram, Lokvatika and Lokdhara housing societies.The Kalyan-Dombivli Muncipal Corporation (KDMC) and the railways have not initiated any steps to repair the bridge, residents complained. Central Railway officials said the bridge was built in 1991 with assistance of KDMC and was handed over to them. But since it is used by the city residents, the responsibility to maintain it falls on KDMC, CR officials said.Recently the railways declared the bridge unsafe and submitted a Rs 70-lakh proposal for its repairs. KDMC will pay for the repairs but the civic body resents it saying the estimates are high. Pramod Kulkarni, project in-charge of KDMC, said, \"We have sent back the proposal and are awaiting their reply. Once they agree we will place the proposal before the general body for approval.\"A railway official said, \"We have already told KDMC that Rs 70 lakh is required because a roof over the bridge has to be built. In case they do not want the cover we will reduce the amount.\"Mohan Achrekar, chairman of the Lokvatika Cooperative Housing Society, Federation Ltd., says there are around 1,600 families living in the complex and they pay more than Rs 2.5 crore annual property tax to KDMC besides other levies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15368296", "title": "Youths beat cops near check-point", "text": "UJJAIN: Few youths near the Agar Road check-point, beat two policemen during patrolling on Sunday.All the accused have been arrested. Police sources said the incident took place when the head constable Kailash Patel and guard, Arjun singh , of Chimangang police station were on duty for regular checking at Agar Road. They tried to stop two Maruti vans carrying almost ten persons. But when the accused fled without pausing at the check point, the two policemen had to follow them.Suddenly, the vehicles stopped and the youths, ten in number, started beating the policemen. In a quick move, the head constable immediately informed the thana about the incident and a team of policemen followed the accused and arrested them.The accused identified as Ashok, Lauccky Khan, Santosh, Lakhan Singh, Dharemendra, Deepak, Gopal Singh, Krishnapal Singh, Bharat, are all residents of Ghatia tehsil of Ujjain.The TI of Chimanganj thana, Chandrapal Singh Tomar said that the vehicles bearing registration numbers MP 13 BA1459 and MP13BA 1305, have been seized and kept in the thana premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367737", "title": "Rain clouds to cover more area in Odisha", "text": "BHOPAL: Rains lashed several parts of the state, including Bhopal on Sunday. The low-pressure area over Odisha and adjoining areas is expected to get good rains over entire Madhya Pradesh. Heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places in the state is likely in the next 24 hours, according to weather office.Anunpur recorded 42.3 mm of rainfall while Dindori received 27.1 mm, Umaria 23.6 mm, Sagar 21.1 mm, Balaghat 19.6 mm and Satna recorded 16.2 mm rainfall in past 24 hours. Bhopal recorded a total of 19.6 mm of rainfall till Sunday evening.Te temperature in four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 30.2 and 22.6 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 27.4 (-2) degrees C and a minimum of 23.7 (+01) degrees. The maximum in Indore was recorded at 30.2 (+2) degrees against a minimum of 22.6 (+1) degrees C.In Gwalior, the maximum temperature was recorded at 30.2 (-3) degrees C and a minimum of 27.1 (+1) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were recorded at 27.8 (-2) and 23.8 (00) degrees C respectively.There is a possibility of heavy to very heavy rains at one or two places in MP in next 24 hours and rains and thundershowers over the rest of the places, including Bhopal, according to the Met department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369460", "title": "Four-day-old groom commits suicide", "text": "MYSORE: A youth, who allegedly eloped with a girl from Hunsur and married her four days ago, committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at his house in Hunsur on Sunday.Mahadeva, 26, an autorickshaw driver, who eloped with a 23-year-old girl from Hunsur, came back to his home town on Sunday.As the girl's father filed a missing case on Thursday, Hunsur police summoned Mahadev and the girl to the police station for inquiry.Sources claimed that the girl changed her opinion after seeing her parents in the police station and went along with them. Dejected over this, he took the extreme step.Tension prevailed near Hunsur town police station after Mahadeva's mother Sharadamma and relatives staged a protest keeping the dead body in front of the police station. They alleged that police were responsible for his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "15367732", "title": "Dry spell predicted for coastal Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: The areas of coastal AP, Telangana and Rayalaseema, which have witnessed widespread rainfall in the last 48 hours, could experience a dry spell for the next few days. According to the Met officials, the dry spell may last 48 to 72 hours.But several rivulets and streams continued to overflow because of heavy rains in the upper reaches. Taliperu reservoir in Khammam district received heavy inflows as the officials lifted 13 crest gates to let out 21,000 cusecs of water to the Godavari river downstream in Charla mandal. Following heavy rains , Prakasam barrage in Vijayawada received 2,200 cusecs of water. With the flood flow continuing, the officials released water to the eastern and western canals for irrigation purposes. Earlier, two students drowned in a pond at Chintalapudi in West Godavari when they were crossing the waters while tending to cows. IIIT student Rajesh Kumar, 21, and Intermediate student Rajesh Kumar, 18, were washed away and their bodies were retrieved by locals in the afternoon.On the other hand, the low pressure in the North-West Bay of Bengal has moved inland on Sunday afternoon affecting North Orissa, Jharkhand and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369515", "title": "Panjab University departments await funds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not a penny out of the exorbitant fee charged from students for prospectuses and admission forms has reached the Panjab University departments that are conducting entrance exams. Even the stationery charges are being borne by the department staff. PU's Punjabi department for instance, awaits a response from the university administration for its plea to grant expenses for the conduct of the entrance exam for MPhil course, even after the exam has been conducted.Incidentally, such was the crisis in the department that the three teachers left in department now, following retirement of others, were assisted by research scholars in conducting the exam for 320 applicants for admission to the M.Phil course.\"The demand for this course is very high. There were eight rooms in which students were appearing in the exam. There were over 320 applicants for 25 seats. However, we are still awaiting a reply on our request of sanctioning funds for the entrance exam,\" says Sukhdev Singh, chairperson, department of Punjabi.There has been so much delay on the part of PU authorities that the funds have not reached the Punjabi department even after the entrance exam for M.Phil course has been long over and answer books are now at the evaluation stage. Students pay Rs 500 for PU's handbook and Rs 50 per student is deposited for admission forms at the time of admission.\"We have requested the university to sanction some funds to conduct the exam, but their response is awaited,\" adds Singh.A serious question has been raised over the matter of disbursal of funds for entrance exams conducted at PU, even as certain art departments rue not getting any funds to conduct exams.\"Where do the funds generated from admission forms and prospectuses go?\" questioned a research scholar of the Punjabi department, who said that in case students were put on invigilation duty, they must be given stipends for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374632", "title": "Mumbai boys at World Hip-hop Championship", "text": "Suresh Mukund's and Vernon Montero's dance group has been selected from our country, to compete at the World Hip Hop Dance Championships 2012, where 2500 dancers from 40 countries will participate.Passionate dancers If we say that they are passionate about dance, it would definitely be an understatement. Suresh, Vernon and their group live to dance - putting in around 16 hours of rigorous practice everyday (especially during competitions), letting go of everything in life (most are 'college dropouts and have never done anything in life but dance') to excel in each and every single step they take. The best thing about it all is that they do not believe that they have sacrificed anything - they just love what they do.This is a motley group and their passion for dance is the only thing that fiercely binds them together. You can feel the connection each one has with the other as they take their multiple jumps, somersaults and other stunts, in a perfectly coordinated manner.Their journey towards fame Suresh and Vernon began their journey as competitors five years ago with two different dance groups. \"Suresh's team was great at dancing and mine was good at B-buoying. So we decided to match both up and started by participating in reality shows together,\" says Vernon. Suresh, a management student, accustomed to winning school and college competitions knew that together as a group they could do much more and that is what brought them together.They tasted success on television dance shows like 'Boogie Woogie', 'Entertainment Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Kareg' and then 'India's Got Talent'.\"Winning India's Got Talent was our dream. We first participated in it as the Fictitious Group, but did not win due to lack of voting support though the judges acknowledged that we were the best. We borrowed money to the tune of 15 to 20 lakh to promote our team and ourselves in our area. People here were not aware about the show. Still we didn't win,\" says Suresh.This almost broke the group but they thought of trying for season 3 of the same show. And this time, with a new name for the group - Suresh and Vernon group, \"and finally last year we won.\"The winners' story Having tasted success here, their next logical step they felt was to look towards foreign shores. \"We are going to represent our country at the World Hip Hop Championship 2012, in Las Vegas. They are the creators of Hip Hop and it will be a challenge to beat them,\" says Vernon. The group performs this week in front of a panel of around 50 judges. They admit that they will just be getting a feel of everything this year and will observe and learn rather than actually go for the kill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374717", "title": "Madhushalini in awe of Manisha Koirala", "text": "Actress Madhushalini has completed the shooting of director Ram Gopal Varma's next flick and is pretty kicked about it. The actor is playing the lead in Bhoot 2, the sequel to the 2003 horror flick, Bhoot, starring Urmila Matondkar . But for the actor, the best part about doing Bhoot 2, was getting the chance to share screen space with Manisha Koirala .\"I have grown up watching her films like Dil Se and Bombay. I've always admired her. She is a power house performer and I was very nervous about the prospect of sharing screen space with her. However, I have to say that it was an incredible experience. She is an amazing co-star and a lot of fun to work with,\" says the Hyderabad-based actress.Though the movie will see a Tamil and Telugu release, the actor isn't sure if she will be dubbing for her lines in the Hindi version. \"I will be dubbing for myself in Tamil and Telugu. I would love to dub for myself in Hindi as well, but we will have to wait and see,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369530", "title": "Free computer training for students", "text": "MYSORE: Here is an institute which is dedicated to provide computer education to poor students from rural areas free of cost.For the past five years, Adithya Institute of Management and Information Technology, under the Gyan Vahini programme, has been giving training to students who cannot afford the fee.This year's course, which is designed for first year pre-university students, will commence from August 16. Classes will be held thrice a week.''Many computer students find the CBSE syllabus tough. To instill confidence among them and make them understand their subjects well, this course is offered free of cost. Every year, the institute is providing training to 100 students especially for those who do not have computer knowledge,'' says K A Anitha Venkatesh, principal and CEO, Adithya Institute of Management and Information Technology.The three-month course costs around Rs 5,000 in other institutes.Students are offered coaching in multimedia, accounting, Tally, DTP, internet, web designing, data entry, animation and C programming.The institute has a tie-up with neighbouring colleges to create awareness on the free training.\"I topped C programming in the class as the training made me capable of doing it,\" says Bhagyashree K, a final year degree student of MCS, SDM college.She underwent free training three years ago in the institute.Chandrika N , a BBM graduate, says as her father passed away, her family had a tough time financing her studies.''When I joined the institute, I had no knowledge about computer. The institute helped me pursue my dream,'' she adds.For details about the course, call: 2485510.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15369463", "title": "US presidential candidates allot key roles to PIOs", "text": "WASHINGTON: Recognizing the importance of Indian-Americans in US political dynamics, both Obama and Romney campaigns have entrusted key roles to members of the community with the presidential elections less than 100 days away.It is not only the two Indian-American governors Nikki Haley from South Carolina and Bobby Jindal from Louisiana who are leading the pack for the Romney campaigns , but there are many Indian-Americans from across the country who have been entrusted with key positions and playing an important role for the Republican party in the run-up to the November 6 presidential elections.Dr Sampat Shivangi, an eminent Indian-American from Mississippi, chaired a fund raiser event event in the state attended by Mitt Romney , the Republican presidential nominee. The event raised $1.7 million, one of the highest ever raised by a comparatively small state like Mississippi.\"President Obama's tirade against India on outsourcing has really changed his image in majority of the Indian-Americans. His television advertisements day in day out have taken warpath to disgrace India as the problem for joblessness in US which is untrue ,\" Shivangi said in defence of his support for Romney.This week, Romney roped in Akshay Desai, the Indian American from Florida, to campaign among Asian-Americans . Desai has also been entrusted with key responsibilities for the Tampa convention as well as the fund raising of the Romney campaign.Similarly, there are host of Indian-Americans who have made it to key positions in Barack Obama's re-election bid. Eminent Indian-American women from California , Shefali Razdan Duggal and Kamala Harris , have been nominated to the prestigious 2012 Convention Standing Committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore ", "code": "15369465", "title": "Karnataka State Farmers' Association eyes revival of Karnataka Sarvodaya Paksha", "text": "MYSORE : At the state-level executive meeting here on Sunday, KRRS leaders said they have decided to strengthen \"Karnataka Sarvodaya Paksha\"(KSP) which was formed on the eve of the 2008 assembly elections.Writers, progressive thinkers and leftists supported by KRRS came on a single platform and claimed that KSP was emerging as an alternative force in the elections.But leaders went into a stupor after they failed to make any impression in the 2009 parliamentary elections. Many of the leaders slowly disassociated themselves from the KSP.Now with elections to the assembly round the corner, KRRS leaders are trying to revive KSP in a last-ditch effort to take on the JD(S), BJP and Congress.At a media-briefing session after the meeting, KRRS chief K S Puttannaiah admitted that they have been unable to make inroads into JD(S) or BJP votebank.Puttannaiah said this time KSP will woo farmers and convince them of their strength.\"We may not succeed in the elections, but one should be optimistic,\" he said, adding that he has lost elections four times but it has not disheartened him.\"I am penniless. How do you expect me to take on a moneybags from JD(S) , Congress and BJP,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368595", "title": "UP seeks Rs 15cr to improve security at Dudhwa Tiger Reserve", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to upgrade the security mechanism and management of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, the UP forest department has sought Rs 15 crore from the Centre for better upkeep and management of the Dudhwa tiger reserve. Deploying a strong security force in the reserve area is among the top priorities of the department.The fund that the state has asked for will not only go towards setting up a protection force but also improving the state of communication network within the reserve, for renovating the approach roads and bridges. The department will also install hi-tech camera traps, which also works as surveillance equipment.Elaborating on the development, PCCF (wildlife), UP, Rupak De said, \"We are hopeful to get anything from Rs 10-12 crore from the Centre.\" The Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, at present, is guarded by 150-odd private security guards. The forest staff accompany the department's security personnel in patrolling. But, if the officials at the protected areas are to be believed, not more than 30-odd private security men are present in the reserve at a given time. On August 8, the state forest department might take a final call on setting up a STPF as per the norms.Officials say that there is a requirement of at least 90 to 100 security men at a time in the reserve area. Considering the same, the forest department has conceptualised the formation of Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF). The department will hold its meeting on August 8 to come up with the finer points of the plan to deploy STPF in UP's protected area.The Dudhwa Tiger Reserve comprises Dudhwa National Park, Kishenpur Sanctuary and Katarnighat Wildlife Sanctuary. Kishanpur (204 sq km) was declared a Wildlife Sanctuary in 1972, followed by Katerniaghat (440 sq km) in 1975 and finally Dudhwa National Park (680 sq km) in 1977. Though the three protected areas are physically separate, each consists of unbroken tracts of dense forests.The private staff comprises armed and the un-armed men. The department pays Rs 6,000 per month to the armed security personnel and Rs 4,000 to the un-armed private security men. Under the STPF plan, the department might not increase the number of private guards, but may make them better equipped.\"We have also been receiving help from various NGOs for vehicles and other equipments,\" said the official. The idea of setting up a dedicated tiger protection force was mooted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on November 5, 2007. Dudhwa, along with 16 tiger reserves in MP, Karnataka, Uttarakhand , Assam , Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Bihar, was nominated to be manned by the special task force to accord protection to the dwindling population of big cats.The state, however, has still not constituted STPF. It was only after death of three tigers within a week during June this year in the protected areas, that the high court questioned the state government as to why STPF has not been constituted to protect tigers in the national park.Dudhwa, in 2008, was sanctioned one company comprising 120 trained personnel for STPF. And, National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) was expected to bear the expenses for arms and vehicles for patrolling and other logistics involved.The specialised force was to be recruited by the state home department, as per the rules and regulation finalised by the state government and the Centre. The company was to be headed by an assistant commandant, deemed to be at par with an assistant superintendent of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15368143", "title": "Ashok Gehlot inaugurates Rajiv Gandhi service centre in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot arrived in Jodhpur on Sunday on a one-day visit to lay the foundation stone for the Bharat Nirman Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra to be constructed at the district collectorate premises. It will be developed at a cost of Rs 50 lakh and will have a heritage look.While addressing the representatives of the local civic bodies and panchayat, Gehlot said the centre will cater to the needs of the rural people. \"These centres are basically constructed to facilitate the locals, and will be equipped with the IT facilities,\" he said.The Kendra will work as the village knowledge resource centre and help in ensuring that the benefits of development reach the needy in rural areas. It would act as a forum for the villagers to interact and exchange their experiences and would provide logistic support and record keeping facility.Besides mentioning the work done by his government in various fields, Gehlot referring to the failure of the monsoon, said that they declared five districts of the state as drought-hit well before the report of \"girdawari\" came out and have taken steps to address the situation. He reiterated his government's commitment to provide water to every village of the state, through tanker or water train as relief from impending drought.He said that in its bid to be ahead of other states in power sector, Rajasthan is promoting and harnessing wind and solar power. Currently, the state is producing 2,150 MW power from both these sources put together.Referring to the stringent legislations against corruption and rectification of the system, he said that after introducing two legislations to ensure the public work is completed within a given time period, the state government will keep a tab on those who have the property disproportionate to their income. \"The president is yet to give green signal to this act, which will deal strictly with those who do not disclose their property and they will have to face a special court or even seizure of their property,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367660", "title": "Nearly 7,000 MBA, MCA seats vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 7,000 seats of MBA and MCA colleges in the state remained vacant after the completion of second round of admissions.Of the total 17,741 seats in MBA and MCA colleges, 10,446 have been filled. There are 41 MBA colleges where less than 20 seats have been filled. Of the 132 MBA colleges, 50 colleges have not been able to find students for every seat. In MCA, 46 out of 48 colleges have not found takers on all the seats.Last year, 6,000 seats remained vacant in MBA colleges while 1,200 seats remained vacant in MCA colleges. Most of these seats are in the self financed colleges of rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "after being featured in various film festivals across the states and india, 'love lies and seeta' is now come full circle. the movie is official nomination at the art of brooklyn film festival (aobff) to be held august 4 through august 12, 2012 where over more than 40+ world cinema films are going to be showcased. the film will be shown on august 5 at 7", "code": "15373694", "title": "Love Lies and Seeta gets another six international accolades", "text": "After being featured in various film festivals across the States and India, 'Love Lies and Seeta' is now come full circle. The movie is official nomination at the Art of Brooklyn Film Festival (AOBFF) to be held August 4 through August 12, 2012 where over more than 40+ world cinema films are going to be showcased. The film will be shown on August 5 at 7:30 PM at Maroney theater, St Francis College in Brooklyn, NYC, where it is shot.'Love Lies and Seeta', is a fun summer New York story about three guys, a girl, their friends. The movie features Melanie Kannokada, Arjun Gupta, Lavrenti Lopes, Michael Derek, Ryan Vigilant, Aaron Katter, Leah Kavita, Carolyn Korale, Daniel Wilkinson and Rob Byrnes, and is written, produced and directed by New York based Indian American filmmaker Chandra Pemmaraju. The film was released nationwide in India on May 18th, 2012.AOBFF is produced by The Art of Brooklyn, a nonprofit organization dedicated to celebrating the art and culture of the borough, Festival Director Jason Cusato leads a Programming Committee of industry professionals who curate film selection including actor Eric Mabius ( Ugly Betty, Resident Evil ), director Elliot Lester ( Blitz, Love is the Drug ) and TV personality/ film critic Bobby Rivers (VH1, ABC News, Whoopi Goldberg show).The festival is the first to showcase Brooklyn-born, Brooklyn-based and Brooklyn-centric films and filmmakers.The movie is scheduled to be screened in later part of August 20, 2012 6:30 PM at Burke Theater as a part of the prestigious World Music and Independent Film Festival (WMIFF) in Washington DC . The film is nominated and will be competing for the Best Film, Best Direction, Best lead Actor, Best lead Actress, and Best Cinematography categories.In its third year, WMIFF is founded by June Daguiso and is an IMDB qualifying international film festival that showcases and recognizes all global independent artists and their diverse talents. This is also the first year in which WMIFF will light up the stage for South East Asian films from around the world launched under the direction of it's Executive Director and Filmmaker Rohit Gupta.WMIFF will take place from August 19th-25 in the nation's capitol Washington, DC. Dedicated to building a global film community and supporting emerging filmmakers, WMIFF offers all selected artists exceptional exposure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369561", "title": "Promises of laptops, ACs for Panjab University teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's raining sops for Panjab University (PU) teachers as the Panjab University Teachers Association (PUTA) polls draw near. Candidates contesting the elections are making pledges galore in their manifestos.From laptops to prepare lectures to getting ACs installed in study rooms and setting up recreational park, brand new health centre as well as creating indoor and outdoor sports facilities, teachers in the fray are trying to woo their colleagues with 'out-of-the-box' ideas. They are also vowing to put an online system to register grievances in place.The two key lobbies led by Ravi K Mahajan and Mohammed Khalid will be contesting for PUTA membership on August 9. \"Teachers don't get basic amenities. We talk of research ambience, but faculty members with rooms on top floors of all departments can barely sit or study there. AC's are a must. Teachers also need more space for recreational activities,\" said Khalid. He added that teachers don't need to run from pillar to post to get their house maintenance done. \"An online system is a must to address teachers' grievances related to maintenance of homes,\" said Khalid.While Khalid, hailing from Manjit Singh-Akshaya Kumar lobby, is laying emphasis on better atmosphere in faculty rooms, Mahajan's lobby is vouching for fitness and lifestyle activities for teachers. The election manifesto released by Mahajan promises laptops, new desktops and indoor sports facilities for teachers.\"I see the university growing as a knowledge hub and whatever amenities teachers need to improve academic excellence must be provided,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15368856", "title": "BSF jawan's murder: Four detained", "text": "AMRAVATI: Walgaon police detained four persons on suspicion of murder of a jawan of Border Security Force (BSF) near Waigaon Fork on Sunday. The body of 45-year-old BSF jawan Balu Sakhe was found near Waigaon Fork on Sunday morning. Police have registered a case of murder.Sakhe hailed from Khar Talegaon village and was deployed in Odisha. He had come to his hometown on leave. On Saturday night he left home with two persons and on Sunday morning his body was found near Waigaon Fork.Mother of the deceased lodged a complaint and suspected Arun Thite, Samadhan Thite, Chandu Thite and Ajay Thite's role in her son's murder. It has also been learnt that Arun and Balu had old enmity. Police have detained Arun, Samadhan, Chandu and Ajay for inquiry.Speaking to TOI, DCP Sureshkumar Sakhre said that one person who had accompanied Balu was found injured and was rushed to hospital. \"Though he said that a car knocked them down but we are not convinced. We have detained four people on suspicion and inquiring further,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373518", "title": "Subha celebrated her birthday in a press meet", "text": "Actress Subha Poonja celebrated her birthday (a day in advance) in a press meet of her new film which is not yet titled. Shubha was happy that she has been getting some good roles in recent days. She has recently done 'Beera' which has completed its shoot and is ready for release.Harish, Senior PRO was all in smiles when the birthday girl offered him a piece of cake.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15369856", "title": "There are 125 parking spaces for 5 lakh vehicles", "text": "MUMBAI: For over 5 lakh vehicles plying on the roads everyday, the city has 125 parking spaces with a capacity to park only 12,000 vehicles at a time.Looking into the requirement of minimum 100 square feet parking for each vehicle in the present scenario, Mumbai can develop spaces with a capacity totaling up to 75,000 vehicles. \"This potential can be explored to maximum only if the local authorities mark and regulate every parking space by making them paid slots. There should not be free parking anywhere,\" said senior transport expert Ashok Datar.Datar added that although it is difficult to ensure each family has only one car, the administration can make laws which provide that cars can be bought only by those who own parking slots. \"Certain roads and bylanes too must be opened up for parking at night, but without obstructing traffic flow. Only proper management, bringing more spaces into regulated parking and new parking projects can reduce congestion ,\" he said.Parking problems are particularly bad at Andheri's Lokhandwala complex, Bandra's Hill Road and parts of Juhu. \"Whenever relatives plan visits, they prefer commuting by auto-rickshaws . There isn't enough space for residents' cars, let alone visitors' vehicles. The roads are already narrow. Hawkers and open drains leave no parking space at all,\" a Lokhandwala resident said.\"Parking spaces along roads should be explored to the maximum by marking and regularizing them. Heavy vehicles are often found parked in prohibited areas , leading to congestion. If regularized , haphazard parking will stop and better road discipline can be brought about,\" said Jagdeep Desai of the Forum for Improving Quality of Life in the suburbs . \"Instead of towing away vehicles or clamping them for parking in prohibited areas, no-parking zones must be thrown open for parking and motorists could be charged higher, for instance Rs 50 per hour instead of Rs 15.\"Desai also demanded use of space below flyovers for regularized parking with higher fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15369615", "title": "\u2018Shikaripur district\u2019 may be BS Yeddyurappa\u2019s fief", "text": "SHIMOGA: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's overpowering clout in the BJP may soon be manifest in another example: Shikaripur being declared as the 31st district of Karnataka.Of late, the BJP strongman has been vocal about this demand for his hometown and party sources indicate that going by recent events, he will have his way. If it happens, Shimoga district will face the third bifurcation in a span of 15 years. Former CM JH Patel had split the district to include his home taluk Channagiri and Honnali in Davanagere district.After Yeddyurappa's elevation as deputy CM in 2006 and later as CM in 2008, he had promised voters that Shikaripur would be upgraded to a district. Over the years, he devoted attention to building infrastructure in the taluk. The projects included office buildings, parks, concrete roads, a big bus stand, guest houses and upgradation of the hospital to a districtlevel healthcare centre.The former CM wants the new district to include four taluks \u2014 Shikaripur, Soraba , Hirekerur and Honnali. This means two taluks from Shimoga district and one each from Haveri and Davanagere will be added to the new district - all covering a population of 12 lakh. Yeddyurappa's aides Haratal Halappa and MP Renukacharya are from Soraba and Honnali.Politically, the formation will benefit Yeddyurappa. He can strengthen his hold in the region and pave the way for the entry of his second son BY Vijayendra into politics, say partymen. His other son BY Raghavendra is now an MP from Shimoga.The move has met with stiff opposition from Sagar MLA Belur Gopalkrishna , an erstwhile loyalist of Yeddyurappa. He says the bifurcation of Shimoga will only help achieve the former CM's personal objective and nothing else. He plans to lead a delegation on Monday to persuade chief minister Jagadish Shettar not to yield to the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369297", "title": "Patna University authorities lock up PG department, college", "text": "PATNA: In an unprecedented move, the Patna University (PU) authorities on Saturday locked the postgraduate department of education and Patna Training College and handed over the keys to the Patna divisional commissioner.The functioning of these institutions had been paralyzed due to protests by a section of students against alleged irregularities in the evaluation of answer-sheets of MEd admission test conducted by PU last month. The admission of selected students could not be held as scheduled on Friday due to the disturbances created by students. PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad told TOI the university administration requested the Kadamkuan police station to help restore normal functioning of the institutions. But to no avail. \"Only five to six candidates, who could not clear the entrance test, are creating disturbances,\" said the proctor.The agitating students, however, alleged though the answer-sheets at the time of test clearly indicated there would be negative marking for wrong answers, no negative marks were given to any candidate for wrong answers. Consequently, a number of candidates who did not attempt some questions for fear of negative marks could not clear the entrance test. They demanded a fresh entrance test.PU has constituted a three-member committee headed by PU science faculty dean U K Sinha to inquire into the charges. Other members of the inquiry committee are PU proctor and students' welfare dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15368114", "title": "Now, Aldona locals oppose playground on agricultural land", "text": "PANAJI: The issue of a playground proposed for a government primary school at Tercen, Aldona, and for four other schools in neighbouring villages dominated the gram sabha and most villagers opposed it, stating that it would destroy agricultural land. In a meeting chaired by sarpanch Ursula D'Souza, members raised objections to the proposal, stating that the schools had not written to the panchayat regarding the playground.Alleging that it was more of a politically motivated project, the members demanded that the agricultural land of about 7,000 sq m acquired some time last year be reverted back to the tenants/owners. Members demanded that intervention of chief minister Manohar Parrikar be sought to resolve the issue, as Parrikar had stressed the importance of saving cultivable land.Unidentified workers had started axing the trees from the acquired land. The villagers were also surprised that the ownership of the land in form I &amp; XIV wa changed from government primary school to sports authority of Goa, in a short time.The primary school at Tercen itself is facing closure due to poor enrolment while the other schools, especially in Nachinola are located four kms away, said sources. The panchayat was also proposing to use the school premises as a community hall, sub health centre, and police outpost.A tenant of a large part of the agricultural land, Manguesh Ghadi said he had been cultivating it for decades for sustenance. He had obtained approvals from electricity department to set up a pump house and urged the authorities concerned to revert the land for agriculture.The villagers also raised the issue of an allegedly illegal tower at Calvim. One villager lamented that despite petitioning various authorities, no action had been taken. The sarpanch assured that necessary steps would be taken to stop the project and police would be requested to seal it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367632", "title": "Cap put on Khairatabad Ganesh idol height", "text": "HYDERABAD: The height of the popular Khairatabad Ganesh idol will be frozen at 56 feet. In other words, from next year, the Ganesh Utsav committee will maintain the height of the idol at 56 feet.Since 1954, the committee has been gradually increasing the height of the Ganesh idol annually by a foot. This year, the height of the idol would be 56 feet. \"From next year, we will maintain the same height keeping in view all aspects, including safety, security, procession and immersion,\" Khairatabad Ganesh Utsav committee organizing secretary S Raj Kumar told TOI.The reason for freezing the height is partly because of the Sankaraiah building (S Sankariah, a freedom fighter, was also founder of the Ganesh Utsav Committee in 1954) which is around 60 feet. \"In 1954, Sankariah had started the tradition of installing a Ganesh idol in front of the building and later we continued it at the same location,\" he added.Moreover, the super-jumbo laddu was also becoming another problem. \"For the past two years, we have been allowing a 3,500 kg-laddu in the left palm of the Ganesh idol. In view of the idol's height and weight (30 tonnes), we cannot allow laddu of over 3,500 kgs,\" he added. This year, we initially planned to make the idol with clay to promote eco-friendly concept. However, a major problem arose about 'Nimajjan'. As it would be difficult to dissolve, we went back to our plan of plaster of Paris (PoP) idol,\" he added. The Utsav committee would also conduct pujas for devotees who register their names through e-mails. \"We have been receiving puja requests from abroad too. Last year, we had received around 5,000 e-mails from the devotees, but we could not perform puja for them due to technical problems. The interested devotees can send their names, city/country and address to: ,\" he said.This year, the Ganesh idol would spread the message of peace in the world. \"Around 80 skilled artisans from West Bengal are involved in preparing the idol. The idol will be completed by the first week of September. As the festivities will start from September 19 and concluded with immersion on September 29,\" the office-bearer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15369685", "title": "Ex-VCA and BCCI chief to handle Shegaon issue", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last decade and half or so, Shashank Manohar has grown in stature as an administrator. Ever since he took over the reins of Indian cricket, he has been a Man Friday for the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).Although he doesn't hold a post either in BCCI or Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA), his advise has always been taken seriously. Be it sponsorship issue with Sahara earlier this year or various issues related to IPL, Manohar has bailed BCCI out of several tricky issues.On Sunday, it was VCA's executive body that needed his experience to conduct Annual General Meeting smoothly. It went according to the script president Prakash Dixit would have hoped. VCA's reputation was at stake due to the ongoing tussle between VCA and Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Shikshan Sansthan (SSGMSS). However, Manohar dealt with the issue just like he would have done and VCA's 78th AGM finished in only 75 minutes.The SSGMSS, which agreed in-principle to give its land to VCA for the academy three years ago, had backed out last October, following several misunderstandings with the association officials. VCA has now sent a legal notice for the recovery of Rs 81 lakh it spent on the beautification of the ground. If SSGMSS doesn't reply in seven days, it could face criminal charges.When the AGM started, some members asked about the VCA's version on Shegaon Academy. Sources said Dixit told the house that since Manohar was handling the legal aspects of the issue, he was in a better position to answer the queries. Manohar informed the house that VCA has done nothing wrong, though he accepted that the association should have completed legal formalities with the SSGMSS before starting the work.\"As we had involved the well-known institution for the project, we needed to trust them. Lawyers of both sides were working on the clauses and it got delayed due to that. It was a clear breach of trust on part of SSGMSS,\" he told the house.While SSGMSS isn't ready to continue with the project, it is ready to pay the amount spent but only after their experts calculate it. Manohar, however, refuted the charge that VCA had exaggerated the amount. \"We have all the bills and vouchers. We can prove what we have spent on their ground. We aren't at fault anywhere. In future, we need to be careful in issues like this. Before starting such projects, we need to have legal agreement with the institutions. We trusted them and we are certainly hurt by what has happened,\" he said.Sources said Manohar also told the house that SSGMSS is in touch with various organizations like DY Patil Academy to build the academy on that land and that might also be reason it backed out. \"Manohar told the house that SSGMSS has approached the likes of Dilip Vengsarkar and Sulakshan Kulkarni for coaching purpose,\" sources said.Kulkarni, however, denied that he is being approached for coaching assignment by Shegaon-based trust. \"This is news to me. I have nothing to do with the issue so I would not like to comment further. At present, I am happy to be the Mumbai coach,\" Kulkarni said.The issue took so much of time that the members forgot to congratulate Umesh Yadav , who became Vidarbha's first Test cricketer last year. No cricketing issues were discussed during the AGM, although some members demanded to conduct tournaments in districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15370040", "title": "Tax spanner in transport operators' ad revenue hopes", "text": "KOLKATA: Auto rickshaws, buses and taxis in the city will never look the same again. They will be wrapped in advertisement boards - a desperate move the state government is adopting to offset the prevent operators' from agitating on demand for a fare hike.The state has almost finalized the tax rates that operators will have to pay the state government for renting out vehicle space for advertisements. But the move is not going down well with operators and unions for several reasons.Auto rickshaw owners will have to pay the state annual charges of Rs 250 to Rs 500, depending on the space used for renting out. For buses and taxis, it will vary between Rs 500 and Rs 1,500 and this too will depend on the space used for advertisements. Buses may also have advertisements on electronic boards as well as television sets, the latter already adopted by some high-end long distance private buses for showing films.\"These television monitors would be allowed within the city, which can constantly display advertisements,\" said an official.\"The ideas may be innovative, but will come at a price for operators. The tax to be paid to the state government for this has not been finalized yet, but will be in the range of Rs 2,000 to 2,500,\" hinted an official. Also, the state government will slap charges on tableaux carrying advertisements, which is currently charged only by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). The state's plan is to impose charges on this as high as Rs 10,000 annually.The rate structure will be issued through a notification in a week. However, the idea of the government imposing high revenue charges for advertisement is already being opposed by operators. According to Tapan Banerjee from the Joint Council of Bus Syndicate, \"In any case, the number of advertisements we get won't be huge. How many advertisements will be available for 37,000 buses throughout the state?\"Banerjee said that it may not even be easy even for 9,000 buses in and around Kolkata to get advertisements.\"Even the small ads, currently on display, fetch very little in the first place - Rs 300 per month at the most. Under these circumstances, it will not resolve any problem,\" Banerjee said.Private buses, argue operators, have to shell out Rs 15,000 per month extra these days for fuel due to the hike in prices, the latest being on July 15 this year. And fares haven't gone up since August 1, 2009. \"We also spend money for purchasing coins since it is scarce, and keep Rs 6,000 on an average per month for police fine. So, advertisements won't help, and especially not if the government slaps huge tax on it,\" Banerjee said.Bimal Guha from the Bengal Taxi Association said the taxis did have provision for advertisements in 2008-09, but it was withdrawn due to a misunderstanding between the operators and government. \"Whether the new system will be of any good, will be known only after examining the rates,\" Guha said.Citu's Subhas Mukherjee wasn't impressed with the idea of advertisements on auto rickshaws.\"It won't benefit workers. If the government wanted to allow advertisements, it should have first waived the tax on fuel. Only then it would have benefited owners and workers,\" Mukherjee said. \"Whose interest will it serve now? This is just an eyewash, not a solution.\"The state officials did not react. \"The notification will become official only when it is issued. Till then, we cannot make any comment. However, if operators have a problem, we can definitely have discussions,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369148", "title": "Amusement park likely by October", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites can hope to get an amusement park, that would be a complete hangout spot offering entertainment and enjoyment to all the age groups, in the Ganga diara soon.After the company that had earlier been awarded the contract withdrew from the project, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has decided to float the tender again. \"Last year, we floated a tender for this project and two companies applied for it. The contract was awarded to the city-based company, RK Amusements and Inflatables. But due to the high land rates and some other technical problems, the project could not take off and the company withdrew itself.\" Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC, told TOI.To be set up under the public private partnership (PPP) mode, the amusement park would also have a food plaza and water and other adventure sports facilities of a very high standard. The corporation has again prepared a draft of the tender stating revised fare charts and other conditions. The tender draft was sent to the state government last week. \"Notice inviting tenders would be issued after the approval of the state government, which we expect to receive by next month,\" said Kumar.The food plaza would offer various popular Bihari cuisines along with Chinese, Continental and Indian delicacies of various states. There would be both snacks and main course corner for visitors. According to the tender conditions, the facilities proposed have to be totally eco-friendly.Establishment of the amusement park would take around two weeks. The corporation is expecting the selected company to start work on the park by the first week of October and complete it by the end of the month.This park would be maintained by the private party itself. The service provider will have to pay a fixed annual license fee. Last year, the cost of the land lease was Rs 2 per square feet per month, but this year it has been changed to Rs 5 per square metre for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372534", "title": "Kumar Taurani purchases rights of three hit South films", "text": "Producer Kumar Taurani of Tips has bought rights of three hit Telugu films --'Arya' 'Souryam' and 'Don Seenu' -- to cash on the box-office success of South remakes in Bollywood.\"We have bought the rights of three films 'Souryam' (2008), ' Don Seenu' (2010) and 'Arya' (2004). All these movies have done great down south and the audience had loved it. Hence we thought of remaking it in Hindi,\" Taurani told PTI.\"We intend to produce five films a year. Of these five films at least one will be a remake. Apart from remakes there are original story ideas as well,\" he said. The 2004 hit Telugu film 'Arya' was directed by Sukumar and had Allu Arjun in the main lead. This film was later on dubbed in Malayalam, was remade into Oriya, Tamil and Bengali. 'Souryam' (2008), helmed by cinematographer-turned director J Siva Kumar, did well at the box office. The film was dubbed and released in Malayalam. The film was remade in Kannada and Tamil by Prabhu Deva.Another Telugu film is 'Don Seenu' (2010) starring Ravi Teja and Shriya Saran in the lead was dubbed in Hindi. Now all these three films will be remade in Hindi by Tips Company.\"We have bought rights but then it is a process... we need to have the right writers, director and then comes the actor and actress. It will take some time. There are lots of things that we are working on; we are in talks with people,\" Taurani said.\"Hence we can't reveal much until and unless we things get confirmed. Its a combination of things,\" he said.However, there is a buzz that the remake of Don Seenu is likely to feature Saif Ali Khan or Akshay Kumar in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15367371", "title": "Shooting at US gurdwara injures many, hostages likely", "text": "NEW YORK: About eight to 20 people were today injured in a shooting that took place at a gurdwara in Wisconsin, according to media reports. The shooting occurred at around 11am (local time) today at the Sikh temple in Oak Creek, the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel reported.Oak Creek police, the Milwaukee county sheriff's department and other law enforcement agencies have responded. The police has not given out any further details.Initial reports said a witness to the shooting told law enforcement agents that the shooter was a heavy build, bald white male wearing a sleeveless T-shirt.He was last seen with two handguns.About 300 to 400 people were reported to be at the gurdwara during the time of the shooting. It was built about 6-7 years ago, and is spread over an expansive area.More than a dozen ambulances have been parked outside the temple.A Sikh priest had specially come from India to address the gathering on Sunday.'Hostages inside'Media reports said about 12 children have been held hostage. The president of the temple is also reportedly shot and has been rushed to the hospital, they said.A police spokesman said a law enforcement officer was shot multiple times by the unidentified shooter, who was \"put down\". It was not immediately known if the shooter was injured or killed.\"We do not know if there are additional shooters at the temple,\" he said. The officer has been transported to hospital and was expected to survive.The spokesman said tactical operations are ongoing and that the situation was \"very fluid\".Police said another shooter could be inside the gurdwara.According to the Milwaukee Sentinel, the head priest of the gurdwara was locked inside a restroom with a cell phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15373328", "title": "Goa government contemplates cancelling 40 mining leases", "text": "PANAJI: Goa government is planning to cancel 40 mining leases in the state granted during the erstwhile Congress-led regime.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the legislative assembly today that the state government has already moved a file for legal advice on issuing notice to owners of 40 mining leases, whose delay in applying for conversion of their 'concession' into 'lease' was condoned by Congress government.The former government had condoned the delay although \"they were not allowed to do so,\" Parrikar said.The delay in filing of 'J form' under the Goa, Daman and Diu Mining Concession Act, 1987 had been condoned by the previous Congress-led governments.The deadline for filing the said form was November 22, 1988, but some were filed as late as 2005.The 'J' form is necessary for conversion of old mining concessions granted during Portuguese rule into formal leases.Out of 40 leases, only 8-10 are actually operational, Parrikar said, adding that almost all the leases in the state are operating under deemed provision.\"We will process their applications for renewal. Either they will be accepted or rejected, but we will take a stand on it,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368520", "title": "Girl takes fight for MBBS seat to high court", "text": "CHENNAI: A Sri Lankan student from Jaffna has moved the Madras high court, requesting that Christian Medical College, Vellore, award her a seat on humanitarian grounds.Stephanie Leonard, who cleared the college's entrance exam, also has the marks needed to qualify for an MBBS seat under the Medical Council of India's norms. However, due to delays in Dr MGR Medical University granting her an eligibility certificate, she has now been refused admission by the medical college.Growing up in the strife-torn island, Stephanie, a Sri Lankan Tamil, says she saw people losing limbs in explosions or shelling and being taken away in ambulances. Brought up and schooled in Jaffna till she was a teen, Stephanie often visited government hospitals where she would see long queues of people waiting for treatment.She decided that she would do more than only contribute rations or give someone shelter. \"I felt that by becoming a doctor, I could directly help people in my country,\" Stephanie says. \"There are no private hospitals in Jaffna. In government hospitals, injured people are often left to lay on the floor due to lack of beds,\" she says.\"We lost our property, houses and often had to move around helplessly in situations in which having money would be of no help,\" she says, recalling the civil war. , when it was difficult to find teachers and her school, Vembadi Girls High School in Jaffna, shut down for seven months in 2005.Stephanie, the daughter of an electric cables distributor, could afford to move to Colombo, where she completed her O-levels in the GCE system and A-levels under the Cambridge University system. She has for past three years dreamt of walking in the corridors of the prestigious Christian Medical College in Vellore, in a doctor's white coat.\"Friends, relatives and doctors in Jaffna who were educated at CMC recommended the college,\" says her father, Stephen Leonard. With a 66% aggregate in her A-levels and full sponsorship from the Church of South India, Stephanie in May took one of the most competitive entrance exams in the country.\"I was informed in June that I had cleared the entrance exam and was called for an interview on June 18,\" says the daughter of an electrical cable supplier.But the trouble began when she submitted all the documents required to Dr MGR Medical University to obtain an 'eligibility certificate'. \"On June 12, I got a letter stating that my score was below the cut-off marks of 140 out of 200,\" she says.She later made a personal appeal to the vice-chancellor of the university, who then decided to take up her case. \"Her cut-off came up to 68. The Medical Council of India's cut-off is only 60, but in the state we raised it to 70,\" says university vice-chancellor Mayil Vahanan Natarajan. \"But she is from a war-torn country and had to discontinue her education, yet worked hard enough to clear the entrance exam. So I took up the matter with the governing council, who unanimously agreed to clear her case.\"By the time the formalities were completed by the university and eligibility certificate issued on June 29 she was too late to attend her interview. CMC now says the admission process is closed.However, Stephanie refused to give up, and has moved the Madras high court, appealing that she be given a seat on humanitarian grounds. The Madras high court had on July 11 passed an interim order directing CMC, Vellore to hold a seat for Stephanie till the case is closed. The college has filed an affidavit to vacate the stay order and the case will come up for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "15373126", "title": "Fiza Mohammad, estranged wife of ex-Haryana deputy CM Chandermohan, found dead", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Mystery shrouds the death of Fiza Mohammad aka Anuradha Bali, an ex-wife of former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandermohan, who was found dead at her Sector 48 residence here on Monday morning.Chandermohan had changed his name to Chand Mohammad to marry Fiza, a former assistant advocate general of Haryana.Fiza Mohammad's highly decomposed body was found in a ground floor bedroom with maggots crawling over it, said the police.Police said preliminary inquiry showed that she may have died four to five days back.\"At this stage nothing can be stated on whether it is a case of suicide,\" the police said.Anuradha Bali, who was in her early 40s, was a former law officer of Haryana government and had shot into prominence when she eloped with Chandermohan, the then deputy chief minister of Haryana in the month of December 2008.The two resurfaced at Fiza's Mohali residence to announce their marriage which could not last for more then 15 days.Amidst allegations, Chand Mohammad on January 29, 2009 announced the annulment of his Nikah with Fiza.Later, he was converted as Bishnoi by his community.Meanwhile, Fiza floated Fiza-e-hind, a NGO after her separation with Chandermohan.Recently, Fiza had spent some days in jail for her alleged involvement in an assault on kids in her neighborhood.In a recent development, Fiza was mulling to join active politics.In June she had met senior leaders of Bahujan Samaj party (BSP) after Mayawati's party offered her a post.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15373379", "title": "I do not agree with L K Advani's 'prediction' on 2014 elections: Sharad Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: JD(U) president and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav today said BJP leader L K Advani's contention that after the next elections there may be a non-BJP, non-Congress PM is based on \"prediction\" and he does not agree with it.\"L K Advani is the NDA working chairperson. But he has predicted and I do not go by prediction. UPA will go (after the elections) and NDA will put up a fight,\" Yadav told reporters here.Advani had said on his blog yesterday that a non- Congress, non-BJP Prime Minister supported by either of the two parties is \"feasible\" after the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\"Advani is an elder statesman and so many a times he rises above party lines while making comments. But I am not in agreement with his prediction,\" Yadav said.The senior BJP leader's blog has come against the backdrop of Bihar CM and NDA leader Nitish Kumar seeking an assurance from the BJP that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi will not be NDA's PM candidate for the 2014 general elections.The remarks of Advani, who is said to be not sharing the rapport which he once had with Modi, have been interpreted by observers whether it was intended against the Gujarat chief minister as PM candidate and his unhappiness with the state of affairs in the party.Advani has ruled out formation of a government headed by the Third Front but said that a non- Congress, non-BJP Prime Minister heading a government supported by one of these two parties is possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15368900", "title": "Spurt in mosquito-borne diseases", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Spurt in the twin mosquito-borne diseases of malaria and dengue has raised serious health concern across the state during the ongoing monsoon.Sources said Angul district, which witnessed an epidemic-like situation last year for dengue, is reporting sporadic incidents of the disease again this year while malaria cases were pouring in from all over the state.While unofficial sources said there is sudden increase in number of dengue cases again from Angul, nodal officer for vector-borne diseases Dr Madan Mohan Pradhan said the district has reported four dengue cases so far. Four other cases were reported from other districts, he added.Pradhan said isolated cases of dengue were anticipated from Angul this year in wake of the last year epidemic like situation. \"However, we have taken sufficient preventive measures such as of cleanliness and awareness drives. Anti-larval sprays were being done periodically to reduce mosquito density. Volunteers have been engaged to report vulnerability,\" he said.But contrary to the government claims, a recent survey by Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) in Angul district found heavy concentration of aedes, the winged monster that transmit dengue. \"We found thick larval density during our survey at several places in Angul in July,\" said RMRC director SK Kar. If rains stop for seven consecutive days, larva can grow easily into adult mosquitoes and transmit dengue virus, he added. Around 25 persons were killed in the disease last year, which affected thousands people mostly from Angul and its adjoining Dhenkanal district.Malaria, also caused by mosquito, continued to be a giant killer in the state this year too. Officially, 27 persons died of the parasitic disease this year though unofficial sources claim the actual deaths would be more than double. \"The toll is less compared to previous years,\" said nodal officer Dr Pradhan. So far, the state reported 95 lakh cases of malaria this year. Last year, the state reported 99 malaria deaths from among 3.08 lakh people who suffered. In 2010, 247 lost their lives to malaria when around 3.9 lakh were afflicted.Another RMRC survey among 4,800 population in Rayagada district in the past two weeks found 300 people suffering from fever of whom over 60 were suffering from malaria. \"Malaria continues to remain a big challenge,\" said the RMRC director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367993", "title": "Gang of car thieves busted", "text": "GUWAHATI: The police's crime branch busted one of the most wanted gang of car-lifters on Sunday from the city's Hatigaon area. The eight-member interstate car racket is now being interrogated at the Hatigaon police station. The arrested were identified as Md Ikbal Islam (22), Abdul Kasem (45), Nurul Amin Farzi (22), Mofidul Islam (27), Abdul Ahmed (38), Chitoo Puro (38), Manchus (25) and Dakhu (28). Chitoo belongs to Nagaland, while Manchus and Dikhu are from Manipur. The police have also detained Sofiqul Islam, manager of a lodge at Sijubari area, and Imdadur Hussain, manager of another lodge at Japorigog in connection with the case.\"We have recovered five duplicate number plates, two luxurious vehicles, 10 chequebooks issued by different banks, five pass books of various banks and mobile phones from their possession. The group is a part of an interstate car-lifters racket and was operating in the city from the two lodges. We are also grilling both the managers,\" said a senior crime branch officer.According to the police, the group is part of a larger gang operating in Assam , Nagaland and Manipur. \"They have some local agents who inform them about new vehicles in and around city. They steal the vehicles and cross the state border via Dimapur and enter Manipur. During the journey , they change the vehicle numbers according to the state's registration and then sell them to agents in bordering areas in Manipur like Moreh or Ukhrul. The group also transports vehicles lifted in different states illegally,\" added a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374185", "title": "Veena Malik is back on TV during Ramadan", "text": "The hottest news in the air is that Veena Malik is back on Hero TV's 'Astaghfar' show in Ramadan . She is going to host 'Astaghfar' show after lot of public outrages.Earlier trailers and news that Veena Malik, will do 'Astaghfar' show on Hero TV channel sparked an outcry across the country. As reported due to Veena Malik's scandals and bold public appearances the show went off air but once again she is back in public demand.Veena said, \"I am very happy that my show 'Astaghfar' is going to be on air I thank 'Allah' for giving me such opportunity to host this show. It is people's loves which has brought me back on the show. Because of peoples demand Hero Tv management decided to bring Veena Malik back on 'Astaghfar' show which is going to be aired once again. The show is getting higher TRP and audience has already started appreciating Veena's show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15374041", "title": "Hazare disbands Team Anna, says no talks with govt on Lokpal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apparently paving the way for the formation of a political party, Team Anna on Monday disbanded itself and decided not to have any more talks with the government on Lokpal issue.The dissolution of Anna Hazare's team came three days after it ended its indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar here with plans for formation of a political alternative to fight the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The announcement was made by Hazare in his blog but he did not clearly specify whether they were going to immediately announce formation of a party though he has talked about the procedures for setting up the political alternative.\"The government is not ready to enact Jan Lokpal Bill. How long and how many times we will go on fast? Now people have asked us to leave fast and give an alternative. I also thought that the government is not going to curb corruption...\"We are now stopping the activities of Team Anna today. Team Anna was formed to fight for Jan Lokpal. We have also decided not to have any more talks with the government. From today, there will be no Team Anna or Team Anna Core Committee,\" Hazare said.Since April last year, Team Anna has been on streets with Hazare going on indefinite fast four times and one-day fasts also four times besides being part of a joint committee to draft the Lokpal Bill.Team Anna's decision to enter electoral politics had earlier met with opposition from several of core committee members like Justice Santosh Hegde, Medha Patkar, Chandramohan and Akhil Gogoi.\"I have given an alternative of sending good people to Parliament. But I am not going to be part of any party nor I will contest elections. After getting Jan Lokpal, I will go back to Maharashtra and indulge in my activities.\"I have told this to those who are for forming a party. Even after forming the party, this movement should go on. In the movement, we had earlier demanded for Jan Lokpal Bill and now keeping this movement alive, send good people to Parliament with the help of people and ensure that the law is enacted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374087", "title": "Vijay to play a don in his next", "text": "Actor Duniya Vijay, who has just wrapped up work on his 'Rajanikantha', opposite Aindrita Ray, in which he takes on a double role is already gearing up for his next. The actor, who played a dreaded criminal in his last release, 'Bheema Theeradalli', in which he played Chandappa Harijan, is all set to play a don in his next. \"I have to knock off a few kilos and the bulk as well,\" says the actor, who is known to be one of the fittest in the industry, and has a muscle-rippled body. \"I am also growing out my hair,\" he adds.Meanwhile, sequel to his hit film Johny Mera Naam -Preethi Mera Kaam is currently on hold. Reports suggested that director Preetham Gubbi would start work on the sequel immediately after finishing Jannu with Yash and Deepa Sannidhi. But Vijay says that with his Johny co-star Ramya is busy shooting for films with Diganth and Prajwal and he himself is embarking on a new project,so it is unlikely that Johny 2 will materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15370194", "title": "Work on national games venues yet to begin", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city which is set to host several key events of the 35th national games next year is staring at a serious deficit in its sports infrastructure.The proposed Rs 34-crore indoor stadium at Chevayur allotted for the district as part of the national games still remains on paper. Though five acres of land have been made available three years ago, the work on the project is yet to begin.The construction of grand stand at the EMS Corporation Stadium, the venue for men's football matches, has also not yet taken off. The work on the new stadium at Medical College has been stalled for months and the renovation of the decades-old V K Krishna Menon Indoor Stadium is also lagging behind. All the projects have missed their deadlines and are mired in technical and procedural delays.The delay in completing the works has rung alarm bells among the authorities. A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, said the slip-ups made by the contractors and design flaws were responsible for the enormous delays.\"All the major works in the district for the national games have been stalled. The national games secretariat has failed to monitor and complete the works. The football-cum-athletics stadium at the Medical College has serious design flaws and the work has now been stalled. The construction of grand stand at the corporation should have been completed by now, but it has not even started yet,\" he said.The renovation works of V K Krishna Menon Indoor Stadium which is designated as venue for volleyball and Sepak Takraw matches has missed several deadlines. The contract awarded for Rs 3.2 crore was scheduled to be completed on December 2010.District sports council president K J Mathayi said lack of coordination and technical lapses in the projects were responsible for the delays. \"We do not know if the authorities will be able to finish the projects on time. The government should make an emergency review of the preparedness for the games or else the state will have to face the disgrace of not even having proper venues for the prestigious event,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369004", "title": "About 3,500 tonnes of ammonium nitrate go missing every year", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when ammonium nitrate has become the preferred ingredient for bombs, the Pune serial blasts being the latest example, close to 3,500 tonnes of the chemical goes missing from Indian ports every year. And while the home ministry is working on a system to track sale of ammonium nitrate to stop it from falling into wrong hands, it is unlikely to solve the problem of spillage at ports.According to sources in the security establishment, India imports close to 3.5 lakh tonnes of ammonium nitrate for industrial use. Almost all of this import is done in bulk through the sea route at Vishakhapatnam port. Legally, importers are not questioned on up to 1% spillage of the substance as it is assumed that in bulk transfers, such spillage is unavoidable.\"This is the loophole that is prone to exploitation where unscrupulous elements may sell the chemical to unverified sources during transportation out of ports. Even 1% spillage translates to 3,500 tonnes going missing. To make a bomb, you need not more than a kg of ammonium nitrate,\" said an intelligence official.This spillage has assumed critical importance in view of jihadis increasingly preferring ammonium nitrate in their terror attacks. The problem is compounded by the relative ease in assembling these explosives, with ready help from bomb making manuals on jihadi websites.According to sources, the spillage takes place when the chemical is loaded on to trucks at the port and transported to godowns where it goes for bagging. \"Bagged ammonium nitrate is not imported for reasons of cost-effectiveness, but it's taking a toll on security,\" said the official.The government has taken serious note of ammonium nitrate falling into hands of terrorists and has recently included the chemical under the 1884 Explosive Act. The change in the law means any substance with more than 45% of ammonium nitrate would be considered an explosive.It is now working on a system to track the explosive. The home department through ministry of commerce has roped in the National Institute of Smart Government to prepare an explosive tracking system that will map ammonium nitrate leakage in the supply chain.Called sales tracking, the system involves recording the details of the purchaser of the material at all stages of the supply chain. The purchaser details are backed up with an authenticated ID proof.It's a system widely followed by most of Europe and the US. In the 2011 Norway terror strike, the name of Anders Behring Breivik , the self-styled terrorist who first exploded a mixture of ammonium nitrate and fuel oil near government quarters in Oslo and then went on a killing spree with a gun, had been flagged by the sales tracking mechanism implemented throughout the European Union. However, the Norwegian intelligence did not act on the alert.The government had earlier discussed use of 'taggants' in ammonium nitrate that would allow an investigating agency to track the source of the ammonium nitrate used in a terrorist act. However, that would increase the cost of fertilizers and other ammonium nitrate based products.Apart from this, the government has also been working on tracking ammonium nitrate on the web through spy software developed by the DRDO. It's a standard practice in international security set-up to couple such software with explosive tracking systems for fool-proof analysis of intelligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15370041", "title": "Nursery of success story", "text": "March 7, 1960. Inspector of Colleges A P Dasgupta and his team visit Narendrapur to see if Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama can be allowed to start a college. They are shocked. \"Where is the college? Your college exists only on paper. You have no buildings, no equipment, no staff, yet you want to start a college for honours students?\" Dasgupta asked, and rejected the application.But Swami Lokeswarananda, the saintly savant who built the Ashrama brick by brick, persuaded them for a three-month provisional permission. On August 3, the college started with not more than a tonne of hope. Today, it is an academic superpower.With zero tolerance for dilatoriness, milestones became a blur as the college raced to the pinnacle of excellence. A score of 3.56 out of 4 in the NAAC accreditation list - the third highest in the country - is the latest feather in its cap.The seed of an all-inclusive educational campus was sown at Pathuriaghata, where the Mission used to run a Students' Home for poor students. In 1946, it was on the verge of closure when Swami Lokeswarananda - Boro Maharaj - took up the \"punishing assignment\" and turned its fortune. By 1954, it was buzzing with 160 residents.Realizing that they needed a bigger place, the Maharaj started petitioning the government. His prayer for funds was sanctioned immediately. Mehr Chand Khanna, the then minister for rehabilitation, and D M Sen, state secretary of education, gave more than what the Swami expected. The mission got 26.55 acre at Ukhila Paikpara in 1956 but locals opposed it and often barged into the campus and destroyed everything that came their way. But every time, Boro Maharaj greeted them with a smile. Eventually, the rowdies had to retreat shamefacedly and the Maharaj could carry on with his plans. As funds were hard to come by, the Ashrama started a hostel under tin sheds. Gradually, the monks realised that they could build a college to fulfill the dream of a complete academic institution.Bikas Chandra Sanyal, then a 22-year university graduate, was given the challenge. Under Maharaj's tutelage, a host of youths - Swami Aksharananda, Swami Mumukshananda, Swami Krishnamayananda, Swami Asaktananda, Swami Prabhananda - gave their heart and soul to the college project.It began with 60 students and 21 teachers, and five honours and 10 pass subjects. Today, more than 700 students are taught by more than 50 full-time teachers and guest lecturers. Now past its golden jubilee, the college has autonomy, postgraduate courses and a separate research wing. It boasts of huge libraries, audio-visual units, e-classrooms, an open-air theatre, conference rooms, inflibnet facilities and a swimming pool. \"The college is one of the best educational institutions of Ramakrishna Mission... It has a good academic ambience wih very good infrastructual facility,\" members of the NAAC peer team wrote in their report.Catching them oldA masterstroke of Swami Lokeswarananda that brought immediate success for the fledgling college was to rope in retired or soon-to-be-retired teachers from other institutions. With his trusted lieutenant Sanyal, he managed to get famous professors like D K Mitra, K P Ghosh and P C Rakshit. It was a dream that the monks, teachers and students saw alike and strove for together.Less is moreUnlike most other colleges, every class in RKM Residential College has no more than 20-25 students. This allows teachers to hand-hold each student and address individual problems. Some say that RKM performs well because it takes in only the best students. But Prasanta Kumar Giri, who headed the statistics department for 30 years, says it is far from the truth. \"Once a student appeared in the admission test barefooted, wearing a soiled, button-less shirt. He did not have 'academic merit' and could not afford a meal. But he had big dreams and determination in his eyes. We took him in and he now works in the US,\" Giri said.\"Dedication and conviction form the bedrock of RKM's system. We strive to work selflessly for the students. If that leads to intellectual, emotional, cultural and spiritual self-exploration of students, we consider our job done,\" said Swami Suparnananda, secretary of the Ashrama.Room for allRKM College spends around Rs 40 lakh as financial aid in the form of concession and scholarships to students. Around 37% of the students receive concession every year. This is one area where the college has performed phenomenally well in last 50 years. Giri, who saw thousands of such students who came to RKM without a paisa in their pockets, recounted: \"One year, just before the summer vacation, a student came to me and said, 'Sir, amake bari pathaben na, okhane gele khati pabo na (Don't send me home. I'll starve there).' He now works with the World Bank . Narendrapur has never turned away a student who did not have the means to study.\"Politics? Not here", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "15369111", "title": "Fake currency notes seized, 3 held", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Police have busted a nascent counterfeit currency racket in Virudhunagar district that houses the hub of printing industry.Counterfeit currency to the value of Rs one lakh was seized and three persons, including a printing unit owner on Sunday were arrested. Police said that the trio had no criminal background but had attempted at the illegal act to earn a quick buck. \"The seized counterfeit money was the first bunch of currency notes printed by the trio. They had planned it to circulate in southern districts,\" a police officer said. But the police managed to smell the trio and nabbed them. They were identified as J Balan (47), M Karthikeyan (35) and R Ramar (39), all hailing from Virudhunagar town. Balan was cited as the mastermind in the racket.Police said that Balan residing in Ezhu Kittangi Street, owning a video library was suffering financial crunch. He had recently lost a huge sum to another deceptive gang that promised him a sapphire 'lingam' and was desperate to earn money. Balan decided to print counterfeit currency and approached his acquaintance, Karthikeyan. The trio then conspired with Ramar, a printing unit owner who agreed to provide his press. Subsequently, the trio printed currency notes in the denomination of Rs 1,000 at the printing press three days back, police said.Though the notes appeared far from the original currency notes, the trio decided to go ahead with circulating them and started cutting them to size. After bundling them, they shifted the notes to the house of Ramar. By the time, police received a tip-off about the suspicious activity going on in the printing press of Ramar and raided it. They later inspected the house of the trio and found the currency notes in possession of Ramar and seized the notes.\"We have also seized the printer, computer and scanner. They had planned to circulate the notes in Madurai and adjoining districts. Further investigations are on to find if more people are associated in the racket,\" a police officer said.In March this year, police seized counterfeit currency notes to the value of Rs 5.9 lakh from a Virudhunagar-based man in Tirunelveli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369764", "title": "Strategic Partnership", "text": "A range of opportunities for Indian students applying to Australian Universities were showcased in the Capital on August 1. Focussing on building a strategic partnership between India and Australia through education, Peter Varghese, Australian High Commissioner, said, \"We have made a long-term investment of 12.5 billion dollars in the universities sector. We would like to bring in more collaborative education and collaborate on building vocational skills. India has set a target of skilling 500 million people and we want to help it achieve that.\"Students going to Australia can not just focus on getting quality education but can also hope to be safe and enjoy their university life. Tom Calden, trade commissioner, Australian Trade Commission , said, \"There has been more awareness in the community regarding international students and their safety. International students in Australia are briefed about the places they should not visit after dark by the college. Even the police have been briefed and utmost care is taken to make students feel safe.\" The fair was organised by the Association of Australian Education Representatives in India and supported by The Australian Trade Commission and Australian Education International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369977", "title": "CM's kin sets sights on big debut", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when speculations are rife on when should Rahul Gandhi take over the Congress mantle, back home another family scion is all set to join the centre stage of politics. Abhishek Banerjee , the nephew of chief minister Mamata Banerjee, will appear under the arclights as Trinamool Congress Yuva holds its first national convention at Netaji Indoor Stadium on August 25. Mamata Banerjee and the party's top leadership will address nearly 15,000 Yuva delegates, dubbed as the party's connect with urban youth.In the very first meeting of the party's youth platform on May 15, 2011, nearly 3,000 expressed their intent to be a part of it. Abhishek now faces his first big test on how to translate this enthusiasm into a political legwork. And it isn't without reason, therefore, all Yuva delegates who will attend the August 25 convention will receive a booklet on Mamata's achievements and Yuva's objectives 10 days prior to it. The booklet will present the Yuva's objectives, Mamata Banerjee's struggle, her achievements as a railway minister and in the helm of Bengal. Mamata, herself, will hold an hourlong interaction with the delegates on this.Abhishek said: \"The objective is to provide a political platform to the youths and hone the skills of young people, so that they can play a useful role in the society and politics.\" So, don't be surprised if Yuva now takes a more active role in politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15369437", "title": "Drilling a borewell? Follow new guidelines", "text": "DAVANAGERE: In order to put a tab on drilling of borewells and to discourage over-exploitation of groundwater, the state government is going to bring in a new law soon. In this connection, Karnataka Groundwater Development: Control and Management Bill-2010 has already been approved by the state cabinet, and the same will soon get notified in the Karnataka Gazette, according to H P Mallesh, senior geologist at the department of mines and geology here.So far, 35 taluks from 12 districts in the state have been identified as \"over-exploited regions\" of groundwater. Following is the district-wise list of affected taluks as per the first phase of announcement by Groundwater Cell of the department of mines and geology (government of Karnataka).:Bagalkot district: Badami and Bagalkote (2 taluks); Bangalore (rural): Devanahalli, Doddabalapur, Hoskote and Nelamangala (4 taluks); Banglore (urban): Anekal, Bangalore east, Bangalore south and Bangalore north (4 taluks); Belgaum: Athani, Bailahongal, Ramdurga and Soundatti (4 taluks); Bellary: Hovina Hadagali and H B Halli (2 taluks); Chikkaballapur: Chikkaballapur, Chintamani, Gowribidanur, Gudibande and Sidlaghatta (5 taluks); Chitradurga: Chitradurga and Holalkere (2 taluks); Davanagere: Jagalur (1 taluk); Kolar: Bangarpet, Kolar, Malur, Srinivaspur, Mulbagilu (5 taluks); Koppal: Yelburga (1 taluk); Ramanagar: Kanakapur and Ramanagar (2 taluks); Tumkur: Chikkanayakanahalli, Koratagere and Madhugiri (3 taluks).Henceforth, farmers or any others who want to drill new borewell -- either for domestic or irrigation purpose, particularly in these taluks -- have to seek permission from the authority concerned. \"Otherwise, criminal cases will be booked against violators,\" he said.Besides, land owner has to inform in writing to the DC, senior geologist, and other local bodies, including CMC, TMC, GP, and other authorities concerned, 15 days before drilling the borewell. The owner should also take the permission from geologist office for the same. \"Borewell drilling rigs/ machines should get registered with the DC's office along with other local bodies, and only those rings should be used to drill the wells,\" said DC S S Pattana Shetty.The names of the owner and the drilling agency, complete with their addresses, should also to be notified near the drilling site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15370114", "title": "Spectre of 1995 tourists' killings haunts govt, Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than three months after the release of an explosive book on the 1995 abduction of six western backpackers by militants in Kashmir, neither the Army nor the Centre has responded to the authors' allegations that the government did not rescue the hostages despite having intelligence on the movement of the captors. TOI's attempts over a period of two weeks to get a reaction from the Army were met with silence.The events date back to July 1995, when a terror outfit called al-Faran, an offshoot of the Harkat ul-Ansar, is believed to have abducted the tourists to negotiate the release of 21 comrades locked up in Indian prisons. These included Jaish-e-Muhammad ideologue Maulana Masood Azhar (who was released in 1999 in exchange for IC814 passengers) and British national Omar Sheikh (who would later kill journalist Daniel Pearl ).One of the abducted tourists, American John Childs, escaped; but four others \u2014 Keith Mangan (British), Paul Wells (British), Donald Hutchings (American) and Dirk Hasert (German) \u2014 vanished without a trace. A fifth, Hans Christian Ostro ( Norway ), was found dead with his head 40 feet from the torso.Now, 17 years later, those horrific events have been revisited in the book, The Meadow, written by British journalists Adrian Levy and Cathy Scott-Clark. It hit the stores in April this year.The book does not just hint that the government wasn't keen on mounting a rescue, quoting crime branch sources, it claims it wasn't al-Faran but forces loyal to the government that had bumped off the tourists with the connivance of the special task force and the Army.The then Narasimha Rao government, the book alleges, wanted to use the hostage crisis as a tool to build international pressure on Pakistan . It says the government had intelligence about the movement of the terrorists and the hostages, including high-resolution images taken by an armed forces helicopter.'Raped for telling truth'In another fantastic claim, the book says when a woman foreign tourist who had seen five hostages being taken away to Aru on July 5, 1995, reported the matter to the nearest Rashtriya Rifles (RR) camp, a major raped her.It says the RR ran informer networks of surrendered militants (or renegades) and had put in place a cash-for-corpses incentive scheme. The renegades used to be paid between Rs 10,000 and Rs 20,000 per corpse depending on the seniority of the slain militant; but the RR never conducted any physical verification of the bodies, the book says.In the face of such serious charges, TOI decided to elicit an Army reply. We tried to speak to Major General SL Narasimhan, additional director general public information (ADGPI), Indian Army. We called him up at his office at South Block in New Delhi on July 10 and asked for his reaction on the book. He expressed ignorance about the book and instead asked TOI for details.After being briefly told about the book's contents, the Major General said, \"Many people will say many things about a lot of issues. That doesn't mean any of it is true.\" He then promised to revert with a specific response after reading the book. We called Maj Gen Narasimhan again on July 12 but his PA said he was busy and asked us to call up after 5pm. When we did, we were told the general had left for the day. We asked for the general's email ID, which the PA said he didn't have.Next, we tried to reach military secretary Lt Gen Syed Ata Hasnain, who was, until June, the general officer commanding of 15 Corps based in Srinagar. The RR \u2014 a crack counter-insurgency force \u2014 is under the operational command of 15 Corps. Gen Hasnain was unavailable on July 12 and the next day.We then asked for Gen Hasnain's staff officer, Colonel Anupam Singh Randhawa. He was available. \"I have read the book; but, I am afraid, I cannot say anything about it. You see, I can fix up an interview with Gen Hasnain only if the ADGPI permits. You will have to speak to him about it,\" Randhawa said. We turned to the ADGPI and again found him \"busy\".Once again, we asked for his email ID; but this time, the PA asked us to speak to Colonel H Sawhney, director, media. He gave us an email ID and told us he would pass on the message to Gen Narasimhan. So, on Friday, July 13, we sent the email. The reply never came. We contacted the ADGPI again on July 25 to find out if he had read the book and was willing to comment. This time he was \"busy having lunch\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368689", "title": "Techpedia helps refine innovators' ideas", "text": "NAGPUR: More than ten lakh final year engineering students across the country come up with innovative projects and at least half that number from healthcare and pharmacy colleges as well. However, most of these projects remain on paper despite their huge commercial and social prospects.This is what prompted Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad's professor Anil Gupta to come up with the idea of assimilating all these projects and ideas on a virtual platform. Thus was born Techpedia, an open source portal much like the one it gets its name from, where anybody can put up information, edit it or even ask for help on some problem. The site, in fact, lists various problems from fields as diverse as agriculture and hotel management to which anybody can post a solution. The portal, that has been active since 2008, was presented to the engineers from NITs at the NIT conclave being hosted by the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) in city.Speaking to the students through video chat, Gupta expressed a desire to improve the society through engineering. He also stressed that these students could help spread education and knowledge to the underprivileged children in vernacular languages to help them come up with their own innovations.Hiranmaya Mahantha, a former student of NIT Surat who played a key role in building Techpedia, calls the portal as a national laboratory that uses the students for social transformation and forms clusters of innovators. \"A majority of the one lakh projects posted on the site are contributed by students from IITs and NITs. However, even students who cannot afford to or cannot get into these colleges have benefitted from the portal,\" he said.The technical universities of states like Punjab, Gujarat and Maharashtra also support the forum , having sent circulars to their respective colleges to list the projects that their students work on on the website.Giving examples of how the site can be useful, Techpedia co-ordinator Yash Saxena said, \"most Indian farmers have small land holdings and so cannot afford to use tractors. In 1994, an innovator built a bullock-based tractor to solve this problem. For 18 years now, there has been no improvement on the design and capacity of its engine. Another person from Bihar came up with the idea of improving the pressure cooker to use as an espresso machine. These innovations have only been known in the areas they were developed, though popularizing them would benefit millions of farmers and tea sellers.\" This bridge between innovations and its popularization is filled by Techpedia, he said. It also opens the city-bred youngsters to the problems being faced by the rural and poor people of the country, he said.The site also allows people to pose a new problems that the members can rack their brains to solve. Several companies have sought help of the young engineers for their unique problems. No doubt , then, that professor Gupta calls Techpedia \"a breeding ground for generating ideas of future\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15368220", "title": "No arrest yet in three murder cases that rocked Indore", "text": "INDORE: City police have failed to arrest even a single accused in the three murder cases that rocked Indore raising questions over the the law and order situation here.ASP, East, Dilip Soni confirmed that there was no arrest in the two murders that took place in the last two days. In the first incident, a youth was killed in Hira Nagar area on Saturday night while in the other case, one Golu was done to death in Bhagirathpura area. Soni said that police were investigating both the cases and will arrest the accused at the earliest. Several teams have also been sent outside the city for probe and they are expected to return soon, he said.CSP Annapurna R S Ghuraiya informed that no arrest has been made so far in the murder case of businessman Anees Thakur. Prior to this, three murders have taken place in last two days.On Saturday at around 10 pm, a 20 year old youth Virendra Prajapati, son of Jagdish Prajapati was stabbed to death in Hiranagar area. Eye witnesses had seen Virendra run on a street in a bid to escape from the assailants. When the accused continued to follow him, the diseased took shelter in a house of one Anita Gehlot. Bleeding profusely, Virendra laid on a bed. Seeing the intruder, the woman went outside the house and shouted for help. Local residents rushed and one of them identified him as a resident of a nearby locality. They called Virendra's family. But by the time they arrived, the youth was dead.According to the police, there was some tussle between Virendra and some of his friends including Ravi, Narayan and Bunti. It might have led to the murder.In yet another incident, a local businessman Anees Thakur was found dead in his flat in Mishra Nagar in Annapurna area. He was stabbed at least 12 times, said police. He hails from Sagar district and owned a business of providing dumpers. When Anees did not respond to his relatives' calls, they informed the police. Police broke open the door of the flat only to find Thakur lying in a pool of blood.The cops suspect someone close to Anees as the killer. \"Anees has been brutally killed. The accused have almost ripped off his abdomen,\" said the CSP Annapurna R S Ghuraiya.Similarly, 25-year-old Golu, son of Biju Thakur was shot dead in Bhagirathpura area. Golu used to sell liquor illicitly. At 7.30 pm on Friday, Golu was busy in his shop when two accused came and stabbed him several times before shooting him down. They escaped from the scene. Police suspect Ravi and Chhota Ramsing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "15369406", "title": "Housing funds fuel hunger for luxury goods", "text": "VAPI: When Tambak Dalvi distributed sweets to the staff of Kaprada taluka panchayat to celebrate the purchase of his new motorcycle, all wished him more prosperity. However, they were stunned when Dalvi told them that he had brought the bike by withdrawing some money from the Rs 21,000 his parents received as beneficiaries under Sardar Patel Awas Yojana from the state government.Sitaram's 19-year-old son is now all praise for the state government as the money has helped him buy a brand new mobile phone.The scheme aims at providing housing for landless agricultural labourers and village artisan living below poverty line in rural areas. In the Garib Kalyan Mela held in the district during February, as many as 6,300 BPL families were given cash under this scheme, which was directly deposited into their accounts. But officials are now besieged with complaints from local administration that the funds for housing are being misused by tribals for buying luxury items.In fact, some small-time finance companies in the towns of Valsad have seen their business booming.\"Tribals are now coming to us with cash down payment with simple documents and we provide them small loans for household articles,\" said a marketing person of a finance firm in Dharampur, requesting anonymity.When TOI visited Mandva and Amba Talat villages of the district, many tribals flaunted their new cell phones, TVs and brand-new two-wheelers.\"Out of 70 beneficiaries, a handful have started construction of houses after three months of receiving the amount. It has come to my knowledge that they have withdrawn the amount of their banks for using it for any thing else but houses,\" said Radka Bhoya, talati of Amba Talat village.\"My sons are forcing me to take benefit of Sardar Awas scheme despite building a house with our own expenses. They have seen other beneficiaries spending the money for luxury goods,\" said Zinabhai Gavit, a prominent tribal from Mandva village.Pardi MLA Usha Patel said she had reported the misuse of funds to the district development officer as well as higher authorities of state panchayat department. \"For the first cash installment of Rs 21,000, there were many beneficiaries who arranged down payment of bikes or rickshaws from local finance companies,\" she told TOI.\"Government's intention of depositing the cash directly into the accounts of beneficiaries was very good and did away with the mediator. But it has created a new issue now. Applications are flooding all centres of talukas to get benefits under the second Garib Kalyan Mela which is likely to be held in August or September,\" said Mahesh Desai, member of Pardi taluka panchayat.When contacted, R M Patel, additional chief secretary, panchayat, also confirmed that he had received complaints of misuse of funds by some beneficiaries in Valsad and other districts of south Gujarat. \"We had instructed the district authorities to submit the physical progress report from Sardar Awas beneficiaries before new Garib kalyan Mela. Those misusing the funds will suffer if found guilty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370226", "title": "2.5L pilgrims descend on Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly two and a half lakh pilgrims from the state and outside descended on Nashik on Sunday, on their way to Trimbakeshwar to undertake the trek of Shravan, circumambulate the Brahmagiri Hills.Elaborate security arrangements have been made in Trimbakeshwar and Nashik to tackle any emergency. Police sources said nearly two and a half lakh pilgrims are making their way to Trimbakeshwar for the 'Pheri' undertaken on the third Monday of Shravan.The trek starts after Sunday midnight.Special bus arrangements have been made by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) at Mela Stand, near the old central bus station ( CBS ). An ST bus will depart every five minutes and the entry and exit routes around the station have been restricted for private vehicles. Alternative arrangements have been made for private vehicles.Traffic and health care arrangements have been made. \"Water samples have been taken and purification is being monitored besides providing medical assistance,\" health officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375109", "title": "Arun Vijay turns singer, again!", "text": "Arun Vijay's Thadaiyara Thakka received a good response from audiences. There was a song in the project that he crooned. And now, the actor is at it again!It seems that he's singing for a music album. The actor tweeted recently, \"Sang a song for a music album!! It's a patriotic number, with great music.. Just loved it and I am proud to be an Indian.\" With August 15 coming soon, patriotic flabour too is in the ait.In TT , the actor sung the popular Poonamalithan song and now, it seems that he's taking his career as a singer too seriously. Now, let's see how that goes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15367849", "title": "Blackout backup: Jaipur boy\u2019s smart grids may hold key", "text": "JAIPUR: The ghosts of the grid breakdowns that plunged half of India into darkness last week may continue to haunt us as the network remains susceptible to wild overdrawing by state governments in the face of increasing demand and poor capacity addition. But there is light at the end of the tunnel.Even as the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) meets on August 14 to get to the bottom of the blackouts, 22-year-old Yashraj Khaitan, a graduate from the University of California, feels that the power distribution network at the last mile level needs 'eyes and ears connected to a brain' which monitors consumption, generates a demand-supply response, eliminates losses and makes a 100% payment recovery.Khaitan, a Jaipur boy, has already demonstrated this through a micro-project in a village in Rajasthan, and says his smart micro-grid systems can be scaled up to solve power problems in urban localities as well.Sitting some 150km away from his customer's location, Khaitan in Jaipur knows in real time how much energy a villager is consuming. But he never feels it necessary to track his consumer's usage pattern as he is neither worried of the grid collapsing nor apprehensive about overload, theft, meter tampering and payment defaults by any of his customers at Khareda village in Tonk district. This is where his start-up Gram Power made a debut two months back, providing power to 200 people.He is more focused on how to build economies of scale so that hundreds of millions of people in rural hinterlands that are off the grid or receive intermittent supply, get affordable, reliable and clean power that would replace the carbon spewing costly kerosene and reduce the burden on the electricity grid.Last year, Nasa selected Gram Power's technology as one of the top 10 cleantech innovations from around the world. Besides getting many grants and awards including initial support from Alibaba.com, the venture has already received a seed-level private equity funding from a Swiss company.The architecture of Gram Power's business strategy is mainly built around solar energy - setting up plants at village levels, linking them to Gram Power's smart-grid system and an intelligent distribution network powered by smart meters. These meters, installed in houses, intelligently communicate with a central monitoring system to detect and eliminate theft, monitor consumer's consumption, avoid grid overloading, forecast energy demand, and implement variable pricing as 8necessary.Khaitan says Gram Power's pre-paid model, which means 100% recovery, along with rupees per hour pricing brings lot of value as the customer knows how much balance and hour of power is left with his meter. Apart from increasing consumer awareness, the technology eliminates payment collection expenses - a great saving for electricity distribution companies.The pre-paid model works very much like pre-paid cell phone device facilitating the customer to recharge the meter from a village entrepreneur who is given an electronic energy wallet.\"The benefits of close to zero leakages and harnessing the power of technology help us provide power at rates cheaper than what one spends on kerosene. Our technology uses up to 40% less power, 86% less subsidies, and 99% less CO2 emissions when compared with power from the conventional utility grid,\" says Khaitan.Giving an indication of the cost advantage, he said that with Rs 50 recharge, one can power two CFL bulbs for 100 hours and recharge two cell phones. But people in Khareda village use the electricity for all household purposes. In order to avert incidents of grid failure witnessed last week, Khaitan believes that India should have more micro-grids as back-up facilities to unburden the main grids during peak demand situations and says the smart micro-grid system can be easily scaled up and installed on the existing grid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369231", "title": "Ministerial panel to meet again to discuss drought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The empowered group of ministers headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar is likely to meet again on Wednesday to discuss measures to counter the impact of spreading drought.The meet, the second in successive weeks, will take place after the India Meteorological Department officially announced a 15% deficit in rainfall for the monsoon season of 2012. Pawar has just concluded his first tour of drought affected states with rural development minister Jairam Ramesh.The meeting is likely to discuss proposals from state governments seeking central aid to counter drought as well as the proposal from the rural development ministry to increase the number of working days under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act from 100 to 150 in the drought affected districts.The impending deepening of drought and spread across states is already taking political overtones. While Ramesh warned states not to inflate their demands and apportion their needs to short-term and long-term requirements, states like Punjab and Karnataka have complained of being treated less generously than others.IMD's pronouncement of a less than normal monsoon on Friday was preceded by the first meeting of the EGoM on the drought situation but was missed by an ailing food minister KV Thomas. While speculation has been rife about his ministry suggesting control measures to check prices of oilseeds and pulses, such proposals were not put on the table for discussion.Wednesday's meeting is expected to take a more comprehensive view of the drought situation across the country, including in Haryana and Punjab where irrigation may have saved the sowing season but the impact of low rainfall are bound to be felt on other counts like dip in rural employment and lack of water for drinking and other needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15368358", "title": "Police still cluessless about killers identity", "text": "INDORE: City police have failed to arrest even a single accused in the three murder cases that rocked Indore raising questions over the the law and order situation here.ASP, East, Dilip Soni confirmed that there was no arrest in the two murders that took place in the last two days. In the first incident, a youth was killed in Hira Nagar area on Saturday night while in the other case, one Golu was done to death in Bhagirathpura area. Soni said that police were investigating both the cases and will arrest the accused at the earliest. Several teams have also been sent outside the city for probe and they are expected to return soon, he said. CSP Annapurna R S Ghuraiya informed that no arrest has been made so far in the murder case of businessman Anees Thakur. Prior to this, three murders have taken place in last two days.On Saturday at around 10 pm, a 20 year old youth Virendra Prajapati, son of Jagdish Prajapati was stabbed to death in Hiranagar area. Eye witnesses had seen Virendra run on a street in a bid to escape from the assailants. When the accused continued to follow him, the diseased took shelter in a house of one Anita Gehlot. Bleeding profusely, Virendra laid on a bed. Seeing the intruder, the woman went outside the house and shouted for help. Local residents rushed and one of them identified him as a resident of a nearby locality. They called Virendra's family. But by the time they arrived, the youth was dead.According to the police, there was some tussle between Virendra and some of his friends including Ravi, Narayan and Bunti. It might have led to the murder.In yet another incident, a local businessman Anees Thakur was found dead in his flat in Mishra Nagar in Annapurna area. He was stabbed at least 12 times, said police. He hails from Sagar district and owned a business of providing dumpers.When Anees did not respond to his relatives' calls, they informed the police. Police broke open the door of the flat only to find Thakur lying in a pool of blood.The cops suspect someone close to Anees as the killer. \"Anees has been brutally killed. The accused have almost ripped off his abdomen,\" said the CSP Annapurna R S Ghuraiya.Similarly, 25-year-old Golu, son of Biju Thakur was shot dead in Bhagirathpura area. Golu used to sell liquor illicitly. At 7.30 pm on Friday, Golu was busy in his shop when two accused came and stabbed him several times before shooting him down. They escaped from the scene. Police suspect Ravi and Chhota Ramsing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15367463", "title": "IPS officer, temple trust in land row", "text": "KALYAN: An IPS officer and trustees of a temple are locked in a row over a 5.11 acre land in Dombivli. IPS officer Marie Lou Fernandes said she was ready to give 1 acre on which the temple is situated but trustees are trying to grab the entire land. Fernandes claimed that her father, Mathew, bought the land in 1964.She claimed on Thursday, the trustees protested against officials surveying the land. She then decided to stay put in a godown on the premises. But trust chief Prakash Mhatre said the high court ordered a status quo in the ownership dispute in 2005. \"The temple existed here for over 100 years,'' he said.A Manpada police officer said, \"We have registered a trespassing case against both parties. Abraham Mathai, president of Indian Christian Voice, said , \"The trustees are trying to give this a communal colour. Their intention is to grab the land.''Fernandes was in the news when she went on leave for years without informing superiors. Recently, she applied to Mumbai police for continuing in the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369438", "title": "Lessons on how to prevent crime", "text": "MYSORE: A two-day exhibition and awareness programme on prevention of crime and security in homes, offices, shops and vehicles, held under the support of the Mysore city police began here on Sunday.\"Come let us join hands to prevent crime,\" is the motto of the expo which has stalls displaying products like burglar proof safe-lockers, photo-sensitive alarms, burglar alarms, door locks, vehicle-locking systems, closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras and other innovative devices.Cops at the expo explained to visitors the charts and models, along with live demonstrations on how to prevent crimes by adopting preventive measures. Bankers who participated in the expo explained on the precautions to be taken while using ATMs, internet banking, and availing of safe deposit lockers. Cards displaying phone numbers of all police stations in city, CDs and pamphlets on crime prevention, to be distributed among public, were also released on the occasion. Citizens appointed by the City Police as honorary Crime Prevention Wardens - at least two or three per police station - were issued identity cards.The exhibition is being held at at Nanjaraj Bahadur choultry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375164", "title": "Still remember my first experimental recipe: Remo", "text": "No one does locking and popping like him on the dance floor. Well, add to that one more - chopping! Ace choreographer and now a director also, Remo D'Souza definitely has a way with the knife on the chopping board, slicing veggies with lightening speed (so fast that the onions didn't even sting the eye).\"I learned that from my father,\" he says, from whom he's also picked up his culinary talent. As he says it, he knows what we are thinking, \"Yes, it's usually the mothers who veer you around in the kitchen, but my dad's a great cook. His experiments with food got me inspired.\"His first tryst with the flames was when he was just 12. And like most of us, it was with eggs. \"I still remember my first experimental recipe. It was a French toast made with stir-fried peanuts, chopped tomatoes, onions and chillies. My friends loved it.\" Since then his friends oblige willingly to be his guinea pigs and critics.While cooking was an everyday thing in his bachelor days, it's not that often now, he says. Yet the way he moves around in the kitchen it doesn't look like it's a monthly appearance at all. On the menu is yellow dal (his favourite), a chicken preparation, that's his recipe, and rice. He's perfectly at ease, multi-tasking the chopping and sauteing, apart from balancing the banter outside the kitchen.Family fun His wife Lizelle was more than happy to have him make lunch. Oh no, there's nothing mushy to it. \"While my mother and sisters think I am a good cook, my wife certainly doesn't.\" And he reciprocates with similar thoughts. \"Apart from the lovely prawns she makes, I think she's an average cook. I'd give her a 7 on 10.\" (Owing to our journalistic responsibility, we turn to her). And guess what? From her Remo earns only a 5 on 10, \"Coz he never cooks for me,\" she complains.Just as he announces that the lunch is almost ready, as if on cue, their little ones arrive from school, unaware of what's cooking, both on the stove and outside. They instantly drown the funny banter ensued between Remo and his wife, as they exclaim to each other, \"Dadda's made lunch,\" and gherao the dining table, their pet cats tagging along. And we ask Lizelle again. This time, with a big grin she says, \"Mmmm... the food's very nice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367953", "title": "60-year-old woman among 2 held for peddling drugs", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of the Mumbai police arrested an elderly woman and a 37-year-old man in separate instances on Saturday for peddling drugs. Charas weighing 4.1 kg was seized from them.In the first case, the ANC's Borivli unit laid a trap and arrested Jehrabi Mehboob Shaikh, 60, and recovered 3.140 kg of charas from her. In the second case, the ANC's Ghatkopar unit arrested Arif Yusuf Khan, 37, for possession of 1.1 kg of charas. Khan is a resident of Pydhonie.Shaikh and Khan have been booked under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15368855", "title": "Odisha stares at flood-like situation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Water levels continued to rise in major rivers, including Mahanadi, on Sunday following heavy rain in the catchment areas and release of surplus water from various reservoirs in Odisha.Collectors of all districts have been asked to remain alert as rainfall was likely to continue in different parts of the state for the next two days due to a low pressure which might lead to a flood like situation, official sources said.As water level continued to increase steadily in the Mahanadi, as many as 19 sluice gates were opened so far in Hirakud dam on the river located in Sambalpur district, special relief commissioner (SRC) P K Mohapatra said.The level touched 609.69 feet as against its capacity of 630 ft at Hirakud reservoir where inflow of water was recorded at 4,37,955 cusec while outflow stood at 3,08,666 cusec, a senior official said.Despite rising water level, there was no immediate threat of flood in major rivers like Brahmani and Baitarani which were flowing much below the danger marks, the SRC said. Similarly, water level was much below the danger marks in Subarnarekha and Budhabalang rivers.However, heavy downpour in the catchment area and release of surplus water from Indravati project, Hati river was in spate in Kalahandi. Two feet high flood water was flowing over the Bridge on Hati River near Junagarh on NH-201, disrupting road communication, the sources said.As more water was being released through five gates of Mangalpur barrage into Hati River, it was apprehended that the flood situation of Hati and Tel may be aggravated. Heavy downpour in Thuamul Rampur, Jaipatna and Koksara has paralised normal life as road communication to interior areas of the block has been disrupted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15369695", "title": "Here's a nasal spray that can help save marriages", "text": "LONDON: Secrets to a successful marriage may lie in your nose as researchers have found a nasal spray that can help to take the heat out of arguments.In the new study, researchers at the University of Zurich found that couples who sprayed themselves with a compound containing the hormone oxytocin before they discussed contentious issues later behaved more positively.Women were less emotionally aroused and men more aroused after using the spray.According to the study researchers, the women who took part in the tests were more friendly, less demanding and less anxious, while men were more aware of social cues, more positive, and more likely to engage, the Independent reported.Oxytocin is produced mainly in the hypothalamus region of the brain. It had been studied in women because it is released during labour to dilate the cervix, boost contractions and to trigger the release of milk in the breasts. In the new study, reported in Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience, researchers looked at its effects on stress and the activity of the autonomic nervous system during disagreements between couples.This part of the nervous system automatically regulates organs of the body, and research has shown it is more active during conflict between couples, leading to increased heart rate and blood pressure. Forty-seven couples took part in the study. Couples chose a topic to discuss about which they continually disagreed, and then self-administered five puffs of either the oxytocin or a placebo spray. Forty-five minutes later, each couple was left alone in a room and filmed while they talked.The results showed that the men displayed increased positive behaviour; the women became more friendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369757", "title": "Jaipur Foot patron DR Mehta to get Rajiv Gandhi award", "text": "NEW DELHI: DR Mehta, founder and chief patron of the organization that popularized the Jaipur Foot, has been selected for the Rajiv Gandhi National Sadbhavana Award for this year.The award, which carries a citation and cash of Rs 5 lakh, is being given to Mehta, a former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India, for his \"outstanding contribution towards promotion of communal harmony, peace and goodwill\".In 1975, Mehta set up the Bhagwan Mahaveer Viklang Sahayata Samiti (BMVSS), a charitable organization based in Jaipur that provides artificial legs to the poor.The Jaipur Foot is a household name among people who live in the world's many war zones. From Afghanistan to Angola, the below-the-knee limb is famous for transforming the lives of thousands of land mine amputees.Former recipients of the prestigious award include Mother Teresa, Ustad Bismillah Khan, Lata Mangeshkar, Sunil Dutt and Dilip Kumar.The award, instituted by the All India Congress Committee, will be presented to Mehta at a special ceremony here on August 20, the birth anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi, said Motilal Vora, member secretary of its advisory committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15368969", "title": "World Bank studies Hazaribag water scheme feasibility", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A team of World Bank, headed by consultant Ajit Kumar , visited the district to assess the feasibility of implementation of the pure drinking water and community toilets scheme in the district with the assistance of the bank. The team also met deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan.The team members wanted the DC to submit a detailed report in which focus should be given about the implementation as well as the problems faced by the district authorities in providing pure drinking water as well as construction of toilets.The DC pointed out to the World Bank team that in villages people have favored construction of more community toilets than individual toilets.\"The non-availability of water testing laboratories in the district is one of the major problems the authorities are facing to ensure supply of potable water,\" the DC said. He suggested to the World Bank team leader to provide funds for setting up such laboratories in the district headquarters.Ranjan told them that if his suggestions were accepted and the scheme was implemented, it would do a great justice to the administration for testing the sample of drinking water to the entire population both in urban as well as rural areas.He said piped drinking water was distributed in 16 places in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15372096", "title": "MHA asks MoD to change SOPs to deploy Army during riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset over delay in deployment of the army during the recent violence in Assam, the Union home ministry has asked the Defence Ministry to change the latter's standard operating procedures (SOP) of deployment of troops to tackle such a situation to save innocent lives.The Home Ministry in a communication has conveyed to the Defence Ministry that the SOPs for troops' deployment in a situation of riot cannot take precedence over law, a senior government official told PTI.Section 130 of the CrPC empowers an executive magistrate to requisition army troops and says the officer concerned of the armed forces \"shall obey such requisition\".Under the army's SOPs in vogue since the anti-Sikh riots in 1984, the request for army deployment to tackle riots has to be routed through the Defence Ministry.Delay in deployment of army troops in violence-hit areas of Assam last month saw the maximum number of killings and spread of the clashes between Bodos and minority immigrants there.The Kokrajhar district administration had requested for army deployment on July 20 and the army was deployed only on July 25.Similarly, the plea for troops deployment in Dhurbi district was made on July 23 and the actual deployment took place on July 25, the Home Ministry communication noted.The Home Ministry has asked the Defence Ministry to amend its SOPs so that the army can be deployed the moment such a request comes from the civil administration.When the ethnic clashes broke out in Assam, the local army commanders did not accept the requests saying they need an order from the Ministry of Defence, after which Assam chief secretary Naba Kumar Das had to approach defence secretary Shashikant Sharma.Union home secretary R K Singh also spoke to Sharma and requested him to ensure deployment of troops.Army troops could have reached the trouble spots within three to four hours as two major army stations, including a full Mountain Division, are located within a distance of 150 kms from Kokrajhar, Dhubri and Chirang districts.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi had said that the army presence from day one would have prevented the \"unprecedented crisis\" and loss of so many lives.At least 57 people were killed in the violence which rendered 5.02 lakh people homeless during the week-long mayhem.\"We cannot allow such a situation to continue where innocent lives could be lost only due to delay in deployment of troops. MoD should do whatever possible -- either repeal or amend the SOPs -- to avoid the delay,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "15369743", "title": "No one to clear South City\u2019s blocked sewers", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Victoria Avenue in South City may sound a posh locality, but the health hazards here because of a blocked sewerage do not qualify it as one.Even a sparse monsoon this season has proved dangerous for residents as mosquitoes and other insects have been breeding in the locality for last six months.Dr Charanbir Sohal, a cardiologist from the locality whose six-year-old daughter Ananya fell ill due to mosquito bite recently, says, \"Dirty water gets accumulated on the road due to the blocked sewerage, providing apt environment for mosquitoes to breed.\"Sohal adds, \"Since this area doesn't fall under the limits of city municipal corporation, there is no authority to look after the clearing of the blocked sewerage while we suffer.\"Businessman Romi Malhotra from the locality says, \"Not only are mosquitoes breeding off that place, but even the foul smell emanating from it, makes it tough to cross the stretch.\"\"My servant Surinder had fallen sick due to mosquito bite and had been down with fever for quite some time. If the sewerage is not cleared, it may lead to spreading of other critical diseases like malaria and dengue,\" adds Malhotra.Naneet Malhotra from the locality says he had to shell out money from his pocket to get the sewerage cleared six months ago as it was right in front of his house. \"We expect the authorities to take notice of the situation and do something about cleanliness in our area,\" he adds.The residents say that developers of the locality had to pay some fee to the South City management for maintenance of sewerage, which hasn't been deposited and has led to this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "15370009", "title": "Mamata Banerjee inaugurates Siliguri police hub", "text": "SILIGURI: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated the Siliguri police commissionerate at Mallaguri on Sunday evening. It will be in charge of the five police stations at Siliguri, Matigara, Pradhannagar, Bhaktinagar and Bagdogra. The area under its control is nearly 640 square km, which has a population of about 10.20 lakh. The first commissioner of police, Siliguri, will be Anand Kumar, who was the SP, DIB, Darjeeling.To start with, the commissionerate - the sixth in the state after Kolkata, Howrah, Barrackpore, Salt Lake and Durgapur-Asansol - will have about 900 personnel. The strength will later be increased to 2,200. It will also recruit 'green police' personnel, Mamata said.\"Since we took over, 40,000 policemen have been recruited. Nearly 15,700 of them are from Jangalmahal alone. We are also planning a village police (gramin police) force who will be in charge of security at villages. We plan to recruit about 3,500 personnel for this. We will also set up 65 all women police stations in the state. Ten of them have already been set up. Our aim is to complete the unfinished work of 34 years in five,\" She minister said.Mamata and railway minister Mukul Roy also inaugurated the Railway Recruitment Board's office at Siliguri. The office building will be known as Deshbandhu Bhavan and help the youth from the region in getting jobs in the railways.\"I will return here within a month. We will set up an ESI hospital and inaugurate the Jalpaiguri bench of the Calcutta high court. Both the Hills and the plains are smiling today. We have achieved what the past government could not in 34 yearsThere are some people who are trying to thwart our attempts to develop the state. They will not succeed,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369366", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation ropes in youths to fight against malaria", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation's fight against vector-borne diseases will involve younger blood when it kick-starts a massive door-to-door awareness drive against malaria from August 26. The civic body has decided to rope in the services of about 3,000 volunteers from 17 National Service Scheme (NSS) units across the city for the drive.City corporation commissioner K Harish Kumar said NSS volunteers would be trained to spread the message on malaria effectively. The volunteers along with respective area corporators and officials will visit households across the city and distribute pamphlets on malaria. \"This has been done based on a survey carried out by MCC about incidences of malaria in the city,\" he added.Dr CM Sudarshan, health officer, MCC, said, \"Despite malaria haunting the city for the past two decades, it is surprising that there is lack of awareness about how the disease spreads. The drive will also identify potential malaria breeding areas in the households or their immediate vicinity and steps will be taken to destroy them. \"Dr Sudarshan added that during the survey, mosquitoes were found breeding in about 40% of the 5,000 households that health surveyors from the department of health and family welfare visited in July. \"Most of the mosquitoes were aedes aegypti that causes dengue and not the malaria-causing female anopheles mosquitoes,\" Dr Sudarshan added. According to him people are more concerned about unattended garbage across the city for they think this is the cause of malaria. MCC commissioner also said the civic body would not resort to fining residents straightaway as the need of the hour was to solicit people's support in the fight against the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15368426", "title": "Waiting for details in air hostess suicide case, says Haryana chief minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With his close aide and minister of state for home Gopal Kanda's name figuring in a suicide case, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday said the government would take appropriate action after getting the details of the case.\"I have come to know about this. I am finding out the details.... Let me check the facts,\" Hooda said from Kolkata.Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhrey said, \"We are yet to receive any official communication from the Delhi government.\"However, INLD chief Om Parkash Chautala and other Opposition leaders called for the dismissal of Kanda. \"This is the most unfortunate thing that the Congress government has persons like Gopal Kanda in its cabinet. Hooda should immediately dismiss him from the cabinet. If he doesn't do that, we will force the governor to dismiss Hooda's government,\" leader of Opposition Chautala said.Late in the evening, Kanda resigned from the council of the ministers.Earlier in the day, Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal and Haryana Congress president Phool Chand Mulana said Kanda is not a member of Congress. \"Let police carry out the investigation and law will take its course. This is too early to comment,\" Mulana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "15370025", "title": "Punjab village holds liquor langar to appease rain God", "text": "MUKTSAR: After the villagers of Sangrur and Patiala, a village in Muktsar district on Sunday held a \"liquor langar\" to appease the rain God.Hoping their drinking binge will make it rain in Punjab, the villagers of Koni village organized a liquor langar.As per Indian meteorological department, Punjab received 84.8 mm of rainfall against normal 255.4 mm with overall deficiency of 67% for the period from June1 till August 4, 2012.The villagers boozed in the fields the entire day and also offered pegs to the commuters too.\"We had organized many langars like rice and sweet water chabeel for rain but proved futile. Now, we are holding liquor langar. We pray to rain God for heavy rain in the area, so that our crops and human life are saved,\" said Koni residentk, Pal Singh Sandhu, while fixing a drink.The villagers said there is drought like situation in the state. Due to this situation the paddy crop is not in good condition and farmers of the state are quite tense.\"We are facing so many problems in agriculture and in daily routine life. So we organized, especially liquor langar to please the rain god ,\" said Rajvinder Singh and Gursewak Singh, the villagers.But the police department has not liked the langar.\"I will check the matter with the villagers who had organized liquar langar. If they are found guilty, then action will be taken against them,\" said, Indermohan Singh, SSP, Muktsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367760", "title": "Inflated bills shock over 1 lakh power consumers", "text": "MUMBAI: Over one lakh electricity consumers in the heart of Mumbai have complained of being wrongly billed by the BEST in the last 14 months.\"This comprises nearly 10% of the total power consumers in the island city. It is a shocking figure and I have been taking up the issue for the past one year, but in vain,\" said BEST committee member Ravi Raja.\"These are poor people whose regular bills are not more than Rs 300. They have received bills ranging between Rs 1,500 and Rs 3,000. Those who usually get bills ranging from Rs 500 to Rs 1,200 have got inflated bills for Rs 7,000 to Rs 8,000,\" he said. Raja said every day at least 300 to 400 consumers were coming with complaints to F-north (Dadar, Sion, Matunga, Antop Hill) and F-south (Parel, Sewree) wards.\"I have forwarded some of the complaints and written to senior BEST officials. I have also demanded a probe into the role of officials who come to check the meter readings,\" he said, adding that there was some fault in the meter-reading process. Most of the readings are done through handheld devices, which detect readings from a distance through radio frequency. \"These machines need to be re-checked,\" he said.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said he would look into the complaints and find out if there was a serious problem involving billing. He denied that several complaints had been reported by consumers.A senior BEST official said that some bills reflected lower readings while others were inflated. In some cases, consumers got \"zero\" billing, this too was brought to the notice of authorities.In July last year, Raja had exposed how a senior citizen, staying alone in Sion and not consuming much electricity, got a bill for Rs 21 lakh. When she informed senior officials and they decided to rectify the problem, the electricity wing erroneously gave the senior citizen a credit of Rs 43 lakh in the next month's bill.\"This is a serious issue and the administration should ensure that people don't get flawed bills,\" he said. He alleged that BEST's vigilance wing also failed to recover dues from several persons who were booked for power thefts in the past one year.In December last year, Raja had informed the BEST committee that 1.25 lakh consumers had been wrongly billed in 2011. The BEST supplies power to nearly 9.9 lakh consumers in the island city, from Sion/Mahim to Colaba/Cuffe Parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368096", "title": "Anaemic mothers, reason for underweight newborns", "text": "JAIPUR: Anaemia which is quite common among women living in cities is one of the reasons for giving birth to low weight babies, the health experts say.\"Lack of consumption of leafy vegetables and a balanced diet, is a reason for women giving birth to low birth weight infants in cities,\" Dr S D Sharma, superintendent of JK Lon hospital, said.Dr Sharma said there is high prevalence of anaemia among adolescents and women in Rajasthan as per the surveys conducted in the state. JK Lon, a child specialty government hospital, receives around 35% to 40% of total patients, who have illness due to low birth weight.\"In cities, the working women due to their busy schedule cannot take care of their health properly. Anaemia is common among the working women also, which is one of the reasons of low birth weight of infants. The anaemic women should take diet rich in iron and protein. Also, leafy vegetables and milk helps such anaemic women in improving their health,\" Dr Sharma said.Earlier, people used to cook food in iron utensils and also use jaggery instead of sugar, which helped in increasing the iron level in food he said, attributing such change in food habits as the reason for iron deficiency which is common among women. Since change in food habits like consumption of junk food has increased, iron deficiency among women becomes common, Dr Sharma added.Health experts claimed that insufficient spacing between two children is also a reason of low birth weight. Also, lack of ante-natal care could also result in low birth weight delivery.The doctors also claimed that due to price rise, nutritious vegetables and other items have become costlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369492", "title": "Resident welfare association\u2019s problems not being addressed, says federation of sector welfare associations of Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The federation of sector welfare associations of Chandigarh (FOSWAC), an umbrella body of 60 different resident welfare associations (RWA), held its executive committee meeting on Sunday, where they expressed concern for not addressing the common and specific problems of RWA's seriously by the officials of municipal corporation as per decision taken in the meeting of FOSWAC held on June 5.The members expressed serious concern for not responding to the common problems of RWAs taken up by a delegation of FOSWAC with the administrator, UT during the public hearing session on January 2, in spite of repeated reminders.The issues included preservation of the original character of Chandigarh, judicious utilization of scarce land, traffic congestion and parking problems, setting up of more super specialty hospitals in public/private sectors, lack of civic amenities in southern sectors, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15367825", "title": "Engineering faults causing traffic jams: Police", "text": "NOIDA: Even though there are six main entries connecting Delhi, Ghaziabad and Faridabad with Noida, commuters witness never-ending traffic jams during rush hours stretching to over 2kms. According to the Noida traffic police, over 4 lakh vehicles commute regularly between Noida and Delhi alone. Cops say the primary reason for this regular traffic disaster is the increasing vehicular pressure between Noida and other parts of Delhi NCR.The NH24, which connects Model Town and Indirapuram in Ghaziabad with Noida, also has a similar tale to tell. Traffic cops say that work on this route has suffered due to lack of coordination between the three civic bodies involved: Noida and Greater Noida authorities and Ghaziabad Development Authority.The NIB Chowk on the NH24 bypass, where a major accident recently resulted in the death of an eight-month pregnant woman, is another point which sees daily traffic snarls due to major engineering faults. \"A series of cuts and T-points clustered close to each other result in traffic pouring on to the road from all directions and hinder traffic movement,\" said an official.The increasing number of vehicles has resulted in a series of bottlenecks due to lack of required upgrading of roads. For instance, the Okhla Barrage that connects Kalindi Kunj in Delhi with Noida and Greater Noida was constructed 25 years ago and is in much need of repair.Out of the 4 lakh vehicles that enter Noida, the DND flyway alone sees over 1 lakh cars every day. The reason for this increased pressure on DND is due to other links between Noida and Delhi not being well maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369943", "title": "Hour-long 'aurora' treat for Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who glanced at the sky on Friday evening were taken aback by a giant arch of lights of various hues. It pierced the clouds and formed a rainbow-like arc to the right of the setting sun, glowing majestically in the fading light. Many, including experts, took it for a celestial spectacle that lasted about an hour.Later, however, some astronomy experts clarified that it was caused by the refraction of light passing through rain-bearing clouds and was not the 'halo of the sun' - a phenomenon triggered by atmospheric conditions, as many had believed. Members of the Skywatchers' Association, Kolkata, however claimed that it was the result of a solar flare.The unique rainbow was visible from parts of Kolkata, Howrah, Hooghly and West Midnapore. It was a visual treat, according to those who witnessed it. \"I saw it from a moving train on my way back to Kolkata. At first, I thought it was a rainbow. But the arc was much bigger and appeared very close to the sun which indicated that it wasn't a rainbow. But the colours were bright and vibrant and the arc was dazzling to look at. I have never seen anything like this before,\" said Indrani Das, a keen sky-watcher and a teacher of oceanography at a Midnapore college.Experts said it was fairly common in monsoon, though not frequently visible from a large area. \"It's caused by the refraction of light passing through water-bearing clouds. The effect is spectacular, much more dazzling than a rainbow or the halo of the sun,\" said Debiprasad Duari, director, research and academic, MP Birla Planetarium.The 'halo of the sun' is a rare atmospheric phenomenon that occurs about once a year. The halo, too, is not visible from a large area. It happens when light passes through hexagonal-shaped ice crystals that form in cirrus clouds. \"These crystals form a 22-degree angular arch when light shines through them, creating a huge arch that resembles a rainbow. Sometimes, depending on the shape of the crystals, the ring becomes smaller. It could also break up into multiple arches, forming a group of rainbows. They appear near the sun,\" explained Duari.The size and the dazzle of a halo depend on the height of the clouds, its shape, temperature, density and several other factors. Usually the halo appears at a height between 5 and 10 km from the ground.Some sky watchers said the arch was caused by a solar flare. \"It happens when wind carries material from the sun into the atmosphere. When charged particles from the sun pass through clouds, an arch is formed. But it lacks the colours of a rainbow, though it's equally dazzling. There is an eleven-year cycle during which activities in the sun rises to a peak and then fall. This is the peak-activity period so solar flares could now be frequent,\" said Soumen Mukherjee, general secretary of the association. He added that this was the same reason why Aurora Borealis and Australis happen in the high latitudes.Whatever be the reason behind the 'rainbow', all agreed that it was a spectacular sight. \"After about half an hour, the arch straightened and formed brilliant patterns in the sky that looked like a splash of colours. I haven't seen the aurora, but it would be something like this, I guess,\" smiled Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368777", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav tells cadre to focus on people's issues", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the second day of Samajwadi Party's state executive committee meeting, the leadership was flooded with complaints of apathy of the government machinery at the district level. Taking a serious note of the complaints, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav directed chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to find a solution to the crisis. Mulayam also appealed to the party workers to focus more on issues related to people instead of transfers and posting of officials of choice.Mulayam said the government must help the party and its workers to play a bridge between the people and the development works being carried out. Attended by 150 members of the state executive primarily comprising party's district unit presidents and general secretaries, the two-day meet was inaugurated on Saturday. Mulayam said the party is aware of the works done by party workers in the past five years and their contribution towards the SP victory in the assembly election. \"Their contribution will be respected and their problems will be attended to. It is the responsibility of the senior leaders to ensure that such party workers are attended to,\" Mulayam said.SP chief called upon the party workers to put in a consolidated effort to achieve the goal of playing a pivotal role in establishing the government at the Centre post 2014 general elections.\"Your contribution has paid rich dividends to the party in the assembly elections but the victory should not go into our heads. The reality is that the dedication and sincerity required to make it through the 2014 general elections is many times more than what was required and what you had put in during the assembly elections,\" Mulayam saidParty's national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav praised the contribution of the party workers in the assembly elections and asked them to beware of the opposition. \"A chunk of the population is satisfied with the performance of the government at this stage. But politically motivated mischief mongers go after the miniscule minority which is not satisfied with the government, provoke them to take to roads and create a ruckus. We have to be very alert with such mischief mongers,\" Ram Gopal said.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that party will ensure that the problems of the party workers at the ground level are taken care of through the party hierarchy and the government as well. He said the government has directed the officials to ensure justice to the common man by making the police more responsive and accountable. \"Indiscipline and shying away from duties will not be tolerated at any cost. Police will have to answer in case of rise in crime and will be held accountable for their performance,\" Akhilesh said. Proper power supply and improved law and situation were the two top priorities of the government and we are sure that people will see the change in the days to come.SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said the members of the state executive had unanimously admitted that their conduct and approach towards the problems of the common man had played an important role in bring the party to power. They assured the leadership of more dedicated efforts and focused approach towards the people in order to meet the challenges of 2014 general elections.Paying tributes to the former vice president of SP Janeshwar Mishra on his 80th birth anniversary on Sunday, Mulayam recounted his contributions towards the party's present stature, party's national general secretary and sitting MP Ram Gopal Yadav moved a resolution to condole the death of senior SP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15369553", "title": "Downpour lashes Kanpur at intervals", "text": "KANPUR: After playing hide and seek for more than a fortnight, the showers of respite drenched the city for the third consecutive day on Sunday. Weather experts predicted moderate to light showers over the next 48 hours. One more such heavy downpour may occur during the week days.Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University Of Agriculture and Technology informed that the city received about 5.5 mm of rainfall in wee hours of Sunday. The data for the heavy downpour held in morning and afternoon could not be provided by the CSA expert. The meteorologist said this may be the highest recorded rains for the ongoing monsoonal season in the city. Dubey added that there are chances of moderate to heavy rainfall in the next two days.Meanwhile, the denizens enjoyed the heavy rainfall. However, mercury took an unexpected turn on Sunday afternoon. The sunny skies set the maximum temperature at 33.8 degrees. This was nearly six degrees higher than that of Saturday. The minimum temperature recorded was at 26.5 degrees. The humidity recorded for morning hours was 84% which further increased in the afternoon due to rains and set at 95%.According to the agro-meterologists of CSA, these rains will play a vital role in production of paddy in the region. The farmers are advised to do bunding and puddling in fields as this will help them in conserving maximum moisture in fields.Meanwhile, sale of umbrellas and raincoats has gone up in the city in the past couple of days. Given the uncertainty of rain and thundershowers, most people want to keep an umbrella handy.Manish, a salesman in an umbrella shop in Meston road said that the demand of umbrella and raincoats has increased from the daily demand of three to four pieces during non-rainy season to the present day demand of 25-30 pieces. During non-peak season, mostly women buy umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun, he added.Another shopkeeper Shiv said that they stock normal as well as special switch umbrellas which are priced between Rs 200 to 850. Special umbrellas for small kids and 'funky' umbrellas for teenagers cost between Rs 300 to 1,200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368083", "title": "Consider beacon plea of judges: Police to Delhi govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following two road rage cases where four judges were attacked, police have asked the Delhi government to consider the pending plea of Delhi judges seeking blue beacon. At present, a (red) beacon is allowed only on the cars of Supreme Court and high court judges.Following the two separate cases of May 14 and 17 where four judges were attacked by unidentified people, Delhi Police wrote a letter to Delhi chief secretary seeking beacons for the vehicles of judges. The CS office has reportedly forwarded the letter to the department concerned but the officials are sitting over it fearing a controversy, sources said.\"While Delhi Police was the first one to oppose permission of beacon to MLAs and bureaucrats, but they have shown consent in this case as they have to deal with judges more often than others,\" said a senior bureaucrat.The issue pertaining to allowing beacon lights for MLAs and bureaucrats has already been raised time and again citing similar concerns, said a source, but rejected by the government. \"If we accept the proposal of police to give out beacon lights to judges, we will have a long list of MLAs, bureaucrats, mayors councilors asking for the same tomorrow,\" said a senior officer.According to Rule 97 (2) of Delhi Motor Vehicles Rule (1993), revolving cum-flasher red light can be used only by vehicles on emergency duties such as ambulances, fire tenders and PCRs. Police patrol vehicles, pilot vehicles and transport department vehicles can use a blue revolving-cum-flasher light (the ones suggested for judges).The rules also make it mandatory to obtain a written permission of chief secretary of Delhi for using a red light without flasher. Most importantly, when such vehicles are not carrying the person who qualifies for this use, the beacon has to be covered by a black casing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373162", "title": "Akshara is coming back with three films", "text": "Actress Akshara Singh is making a comeback with three films. This month on Eid her film 'Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari' is releasing in Bihar. She is playing the role of a Bihari girl and loves Nirahua , but Nirahau loves Bengali girl Anjana Singh.Akshara's next film is Kaliya . In this film she is paired opposite Hyder Kajmi . Kaliya is ready to release and hit box office soon. Akshara's next film is Bigul again with Hyder Kajmi. Bigul is also going to release very soon. Akshara's last release, Saugandh Ganga Maiya Ke , was a big hit. She says, \"I always work with good project and don't believe in number of films.\"Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15372853", "title": "Fiza Mohammed, estranged wife of ex-Haryana deputy CM, found dead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fiza Mohammed, the estranged wife of ex-Haryana deputy chief minister Chander Mohan was found dead at her Mohali residence on Monday, according to Times Now.Her body was found in a decomposed state, according to TV reports. No suicide note has been found, said the police.Fiza, a former assistant advocate general of Haryana, had hogged headlines after she and Chander Mohan converted to Islam and got married.Chander Mohan changed his name to Chand Mohan to get married to Fiza. He left her in January 2009.Chander Mohan is ex-Harayana CM Bhajan Lal's eldest son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372229", "title": "Another Nayika Sangbad", "text": "Way back in 1967, when Uttam Kumar and Anjana Bhowmick did \" Nayika Sangbad\", Bengal's movie-going audience warmed up to the what has been regarded as one of the finest comedies produced from Tollywood. Anjana, as a young heroine, accidentally gets stranded in a remote town when curiosity gets the better of her when she gets off a train.There, she meets the bachelor station master, played by Uttam Kumar, who plays host to her in his quarters. But the comedy of errors begins when his domestic help assumes Anjana to be the station master's wife! Cut to present day and Tollywood is churning out yet another \"Nayika Sangbad\". This time around, it is also about the disappearance of a heroine. But then, this Bappaditya Bandopadhyay movie is neither aimed as a comedy nor an attempt to remake the Agradoot classic.In Bandopadhyay's film, Arunima Ghosh has been cast in the role of the heroine. The other members of the cast include Priyanka Sarkar, Samadarshi Dutta and Locket Chatterjee. Shooting for the movie will begin in a few days. The film is about what happens when a heroine disappears from Tollywood and how people start talking about her. The recollections of her co-stars, directors and productions bring forth a contradictory image of the heroine.Says Arunima, \"This is such an interesting character. There are so many shades to it. Sometimes, she comes across a positive person. Sometimes, she has so many shades of grey. I am really excited to have got an opportunity to play such a character at this stage in my career. However, my character can nowhere be compared to what Anjana Bhowmick had played in the 1967 classic.\"The director, however, doesn't want to call this a movie on the industry. \"This film is not like \" Houseful\" . We are trying to explore the dynamics of basic human traits. Neither is the heroine right all the time nor are those who are recollecting. Samadarshi plays a small-time journalist in search of breaking news. Priyanka has been cast in the role of another heroine who is Arunima's rival in the industry. Locket will play the role of a heroine who is a pro at doing jatra. This is my most commercial film. It will have an item number that will be done by newcomer Hasin,\" Bandopadhay says.But how is he balancing the shoot of two movies together? \"It's all about time management. While \"Kolkata 2012\" has a documentary approach, this film is much more commercial in nature. It's interesting to be trying out different genres,\" the director explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368164", "title": "Cops have lost common sense", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's police raids on two restobars in Worli and Santa Cruz for allegedly playing music without licence and overcrowding are the latest instance of law enforcers focusing their energies in a misplaced direction, say city lawyers.The legal community thinks that such raids, whose frequency has increased under ACP Vasant Dhoble as the leader of the police's social service branch, \"create fear psychosis in society: among both the business community and ordinary people unwinding at the end of the day\".A lawyer said several actions technically amount to offences under the Bombay Police Act, but are not taken seriously out of common sense. \"People singing in the train for money, jostling and restraining a person from boarding a train, the BMC closing a road without adequate reason, or someone crushing an object worth more than Rs 50 are all offences. Would Dhoble's team book all these people or go to every crowded place in the city?\"A senior lawyer said the police ought to strike a balance between offences that need action and those that deserve no more than a warning. The Bombay Police Act prescribes very clearly that cops ought to first issue a warning for the type of offences for which Sunday's raids were conducted. \"If a warning is not sufficient and the violation continues, only then the police can book and impose fines,\" a lawyer said.Advocate Swapnil Kothari said citizens must learn to stand up for their rights when the police try to book them, just as Americans do. \"The common man is not willing to stand up and challenge police action because of fear that has spread in the community. The police take advantage of the lack of awareness among the public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369407", "title": "Govt had almost won Anna Hazare over, Salman Khurshid says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid on Sunday suggested that the government had almost managed to win over activist Anna Hazare and the anti-graft crusader had agreed to publicly endorse the government's efforts to bring a strong Lokpal bill. He also said while Hazare gave no assurance, the activist did \"inform\" him that he would not undertake the July 25 or August 9 fast.The minister, however, added it was clear that Hazare had not kept his word.Referring to his June 23 \"private meeting\" with Hazare, Khurshid said in a TV interview that the activist wanted three things -- inclusion of Group A, B, C and D officials under Lokpal, creation of Lokayuktas in states and a citizen's charter and grievance redressal forum.According to the minister, when he explained to Hazare that the Centre had already done all these, the activist wanted the government to put it on record in a letter. Khurshid told the channel that Hazare said when he received the final letter, he would hold a press conference and say that he was in agreement with the way the government had handled the Lokpal issue.The minister also indicated that had the contents of a letter sent by the Prime Minister's Office to Hazare not come to the notice of Team Anna members, something could have come of his meeting with the activist. Khurshid said the letter was sent to Hazare at his India Against Corruption address. \"I think they should have in their decency forwarded it to Anna Hazare. Instead, they opened it,\" he said.Khurshid agreed with suggestions that Team Anna came to know about the contents of the letter even as Hazare wanted to keep it under wraps. \"But I have not been able to understand why something that was desired, simply that being discovered by somebody else become undesirable,\" he said.Khurshid said he had assumed that Hazare would share the details of the meeting with his colleagues. The minister said he had informed his colleagues and the letter by minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy was a result of that. Asked whether Hazare had gone back on his words, he said, \"I don't know. Apparently he has.\"Khurshid said the government was \"much better equipped\" now to deal with such situations even as he underlined that the Lokpal will be created before the 2014 elections.\"It's not for me to give an assessment because my prime minister must do so. But if you are asking me about my own assessment, my own feelings, I think yes , absolutely. In fact, to say it will be long before the Parliament elections of 2014. But I can't give you a date. I can't give a deadline,\" Khurshid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15367898", "title": "4-lane road planned to decongest National Highway 8", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi and Haryana have proposed a four-lane road from Dwarka to Dhansa-Badli-Jhajjar to de-congest traffic on National Highway 8. The proposed 25.1km road would be an alternative route for IGI Airport to traffic coming from Jhajjar, Badli and Najafgarh.While the Delhi government will construct only 7.1km, Haryana will build the rest. The project, with an estimated cost of Rs 222 crore, will be funded by the Union road transport and highways ministry but the exact map of the road is yet to be prepared.The Delhi government will soon appoint a consultant to conduct a feasibility study. Following the study, the department will take clearances from Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning &amp; Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC) and Delhi Urban Arts Commission (DUAC).\"Our department has been looking for alternative routes to meet the growing traffic congestion on Delhi roads. This project, if cleared , will come as a major relief for residents of outer west Delhi,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.The proposed road will traverse a large part of Haryana and improve access to the AIIMS campus being set up in Haryana's Jhajjar district. Moreover, this road will be a direct link to KMP Expressway near Badli from the national capital.In Delhi the road will run parallel to the single road lane adjacent to Najafgargh drains and will serve as a bypass. As of now the stretch running from Dhansa to Dwarka Mor is a single-lane. Traffic coming from Jhajjar and outer west Delhi take this route to reach Dwarka, Gurgaon and IGI Airport but being a single-lane road the movement of two-way traffic is not safe on this stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373272", "title": "Arnie's new catchphrase 'I feel old'", "text": "Action hero Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and this time with a new catchphrase 'I feel old'.Producers hope it will catch on like his Terminator classics \"I'll be back\" and \"Hasta la vista, baby\".Schwarzenegger, 65, uses the new phrase in The Last Stand - a thriller where he plays a small town sheriff caught up in a battle with Mexican drug cartels.It is his first major role since taking an eight-year break from Hollywood after serving as Governor of California.Producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura said the movie reflects Arnie's age\"I guess I could have started slow, but it felt amazing to be back jumping off buildings, seeing huge explosions, getting in car chases and throwing punches,\" the Sun quoted the actor as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375029", "title": "Bharat Parepalli\u2019s Ishta Sakhi progressing in Hyderabad", "text": "The shooting of \"Ishta Sakhi\" is progressing briskly in Hyderabad. Director Bharat Parepalli is filming scenes and action episodes on the movie's lead and supporting cast at Bhootbangla in Jubliee Hills in this schedule.We have already completed 60% of the film's talkie part and all the actors have done an amazing job,\" Bharat Parepalli said. Ishta Sakhi is the story of three men and a girl, and how the lives of those men change after they find their dream girl. Bharat Parepally, who is also producing this film, says that he is shooting the film in humorous style and the movie's content would surely attract all sections of the audience.Anusmriti, Varun, Bhaskar and Sriram are playing the lead roles in this film, which was shot in the locales of Vizag and Araku. Lalith Suresh has composed the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15370131", "title": "'Shall we talk about guilt?'", "text": "KOCHI: Here's a point for debate-does your culture teach you to be guilty? Some would disagree or wonder what that means since it's being made by one of the foremost stars of Indian contemporary art .Riyas Komu, who has chosen the theme for his multimedia exhibition and first-ever solo show in Kerala.Along with other themes such as irony, depression, cheating and truth, the notion of guilt surfaces in the artist's use of different media. The idea takes the form of wooden sculptures, metal casts, oil on canvas and even audios.In exploring guilt, his works also revolve around media and its power to influence your thinking, which makes you wonder whether it's the artist's backhanded take on controversies surrounding the Muziris Kochi Biennale, of which he is also a co-founder.But standing alongside his own self-portrait that reveals a 'covered-in-shame' face and sipping chai after Iftar, Komu admits that his works are about everything at the premiere of his show 'Duroohata/ Condition' in Kashi Art Cafe on Saturday.\"We are just taught to be guilty. We are asked to be guilty or explain to others about our likes, our ideologies. We all have to confront this guilt which is bothering each one of us,\" said the multi-media artist.The artist's oeuvre always had strong political overtones. His paintings, to put it in his own words in an interview, carry a protest symbol in one way or the other. He has remarked once, \"I strongly feel it is my duty to be political. I believe that my paintings should look back at the viewer rather than just tell a story or hang on the wall.\" His 'easy chair', a recycled wood installation, bears political motifs.This time around, the artist has gone a step further to make the viewer a listener. \"A voice installation is one part of this exhibition. The usual music floating in a cafe ambience gives away to 75 freaky questions in Malayalam at regular intervals. Freaky in the sense bordering funny; I just wanted to loosen up the art viewers a bit, make them listen and think more about their surroundings, break their ego maybe,\" said the artist.And these 'questions' put to visitors at Kashi Art Cafe are funny indeed.Questions like who is the Malayali who discovered the phenomenon of harthal (as it must be a Malayali who found it, right!), among others, had fellow artists and others in the audience at the premier in splits. Guilt must surely have a funny side!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370216", "title": "Police urge multiplexes, malls to beef up security", "text": "NASHIK: The city police on Saturday visited malls and multiplexes in the city to take stock of security arrangements there and directed managements to enhance apparatuses, in view of the possibility of terror activities in the city against the backdrop of the recent Pune blasts.The city police gave a demonstration of defusing a bomb with the help of a robot at the City Centre Mall on Saturday evening. Police officials said the exercise was to help instill a feeling of security among citizens. The demonstration was to spread awareness among citizens that bombs could be safely checked and defused, provided the common people provide information about suspicious objects to the police.The police squad included commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, deputy commissioner Sahebrao Patil and additional commissioner Ganesh Shinde, and a team of the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS).Taking note of the huge posse of police at the mall, and the robot, people were initially taken aback. However, as they learned the objective of the exercise, the crowd began to gather to watch the demonstration and listen to the police instructions.After the demonstration, the police checked if there were security lapses on the part of commercial establishments and instructed the mall and multiplex managements to increase the close-circuit television cameras, keep permanent data of footage and put up maps of fire exits.Shinde said that they had visited almost all malls and multiplexes in the city on Saturday. At the same time, security measures at bus-stands and railway stations were also checked and heads of departments were informed about the importance of security measures.At Nashik Road, the police spread awareness among people about suspicious objects and the BDDS team checked vehicles at the parking lot at the railway station, baggage of passengers and garbage dumps, with the help of sniffer dogs.Shinde said the police have also visited all important temples in the city and taken stock of security measures there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367648", "title": "Stent breaks in two, balloon to the rescue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What happens when sturdy stents - used to remove blockages in the blood vessels supplying most often the heart , but also the brain, legs, stomach and intestines - break into two?A 45-year woman from Rajasthan faced just this medical emergency which challenged attending doctors, who not only had to keep the vessel open but also keep the stray pieces of the stent in check to prevent them from damaging the woman's body.Rami Dangi (45) battled months of severe abdominal pain, low nutrition, poor appetite and fatigue. Doctors treated her for different infections and tuberculosis but her condition failed to improve. Rami was greatly relieved when her condition was finally diagnosed as severe blockages in the vessel supplying blood to the intestines.This diagnosis was rare, as patients with symptoms of gastro-intestinal problems are seldom checked for blockages of blood supply to the digestive organs.Cardiologist Dr Sameer Dani, who also specializes in peripheral endovascular procedures, had put in a stainless steel stent and the blockages were removed. Rami could finally enjoy life, without the continual abdominal pain.Two and half months after Rami thought that she had bid farewell to her medical problem, she returned with even more severe symptoms.Tests revealed two stents inside her blood vessel. \"We were shocked as we had put in only one stent but radiology reports showed two. It was apparent that the stent had broken into two pieces,\" said Dr Dani.Before people who have stents for coronary blockages start fearing a break, experts say that stents are usually a slotted metal cylindrical tune with a mesh inside and are made to endure certain stresses caused by the heart's contractions.The heart's movements are predictable and put less stress on the stent compared to arteries in the leg, where mucles are bigger and movement involves more tension. The movements of the intestines are also more forceful.In Rami's case, the stent had broken into two pieces, which were then floating in the artery. A clot had attached itself to one piece of stent.\"The challenge was to push the pieces of the broken stent along the wall of the artery and also ensure that blood supply is not compromised and the artery remains open,\" said Dr Dani.\"This was achieved by inserting a balloon in the artery, inflating it in a way that it crushed the stent pieces along the artery walls and another stent was placed to keep the artery blockage free. It was pretty challenging\", said Dr Dani.Doctors said Rami is now doing fine and the stents are working well too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368645", "title": "Kathakali club to organise monthly plays", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a move that Kathakali lovers in Chennai will love.Uthareeyam, a recently formed club of classical art lovers in Chennai, will be organising at least one Kathakali show every month in the city from August.Founded by four youths working in Chennai, the idea behind Uthareeyam is to promote classical performing art forms like Kathakali, Koodiyattam and Chakyarkoothu among the youngsters. \"Even though Chennai is the centre of Carnatic music and classical dances, it doesn't have a club or forum exclusively to promote art forms like Kathakali and Koodiyattam. The only place where Kathakali is taught in Chennai is Kalakshetra Foundation. We hope this will provide a platform for the young generation in this city to get acquainted with our traditional art forms,\" said Murali Varriar, one of the founding members.The founders of Uthareeyam received overwhelming response when they conducted their first programme \"Kirmmeeravadham\" at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras in June. Although the second programme was organised as part of the 2nd death anniversary of veteran Kathakali artist Kottakkal Sivaraman in Kerala in July, the third one, Duryodhanavadham, held at the Asan Memorial Hall in the city on Saturday was a turning point. \"At least 250 people came to see the play. It was a good crowd for a Kathakali show. This support gives us immense confidence to move ahead with our future endeavors,\" said Sajeesh Areeppurath, another member.The founding members of Uthareeyam have bigger ideas. \"The fund we generate from the plays will be utilised for the welfare of senior and ailing artists. We will also provide platform for young and poor artists,\" said Varriar.As a fist step towards this direction, Uthareeyam facilitated veteran Kathakali artist Sadanam Bhasi for receiving the prestigious Black Boxes Award from the Butler University for his outstanding contribution to the art. Even though Bhasi has been performing for the past 30 years, he was not selected for an award in his motherland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15367862", "title": "High on glam quotient, western dance a career option", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sneha slowly walks to the centre of the stage, her eyes squinting against the glare of the spotlight. It's a full house and her stomach flutters in anticipation and anxiety. Finally the music starts and she forgets everything, effortlessly gliding across the stage with complete abandon. And when it's over, she takes a bow as the audience jumps to its feet in thunderous applause.Sneha Kapoor is not a dancer, not even close. But every other day, she closes her eyes and pictures herself dancing on stage. \"I always wanted to dance the way they did in Dirty Dancing, but my family didn't support me. I can't help wonder what it would be like if I had chosen my passion,\" says the marketing professional.Her dream is hardly unusual, neither is her situation. It's great as a hobby, but talk of making a career in dance, especially western forms, and eyebrows are bound to go up. However, with dance reality shows on television, musical theatre such as at Kingdom of Dreams, and greater exposure, people are now more interested in different dance genres. And with this interest comes a gradual shift in perception \u2014 maybe a career in dance isn't so bizarre after all.\"Western dance is definitely growing as a possible career,\" says Meeta Nagpal, founder, Musical Dreams. \"Initially 95% parents enrolled their kids for a hobby. Now many want their kids to go forward,\" she adds.Of late, dance companies with centres across the country have created rigorous courses for aspiring dancers. Just last year, the Shiamak Davar Institute for the Performing Arts launched a year-long certification for dancers. \"Auditions are tough, and the course is intense and expensive. We had over 800 applicants this year, so clearly people are willing to invest time, money and effort into dance,\" says Aneesha Dalal, principal dancer with the company.Quality training is crucial for any aspiring dancer, says choreographer Terence Lewis. \"It allows dancers to develop technical expertise and widen their repertoire. It also makes them stronger so they can dance without injuries.\" In 2005, Lewis created an 18-month diploma, focusing on theory and practical application of a combination of Indian and western dance forms, and he says batches always run full. \"We had about 50 applicants when we started, now we get over 400 for just 25 positions,\" he says.Still, those in the industry say quality coaching is lacking. There are dance schools in every neighbourhood, but few offer training on a par with international standards.\"I took classes here, but went to London for a year-long diploma and a BA in dance theatre,\" says Parinay Mehra, who is auditioning in London. With the absence of high-level stage performances in the capital, he says there's little scope for him here.Undoubtedly big obstacles in the growth of western dance, inadequate training and stage opportunities are not the only ones to overcome. Janet Reed, a dancer from Buffalo in New York City, who recently completed a year teaching dance in the city, says people here venture into dance at an older age, making it difficult, if not impossible, to make a mark professionally. \"People know dance only as what's on television, which is a very small sample. There is a long way for us to go in terms of appreciating dance,\" adds Dalal.Since the interest in western dance is largely because of television and other media, it's difficult for many to ignore the heavy dose of glamour that comes with it. Celebrity judges, extravagant sets and costumes, and ordinary people making it big overnight, often cloud the reality of immense sweat, pain, and rejection.\"I have come across dancers in India who don't train, but want money and fame,\" says dancer Shakti Mohan who is currently choreographing in New York with international dancers. Mohan, who recently collaborated with New York based music composer Mohammed Fairouz, seems to have made it. But there are thousands who remain unknown, continuing to pursue their dreams in more ways than one.\"Not everybody can become famous, but there are other options,\" says Lewis, pointing out dancers can start their own studios, run corporate workshops, perform on stage, or even choreograph.Those in the field seem to advocate a level of practicality not usually associated with creativity, suggesting that dance can also be a job like any other. \"Many people want to take up dance full-time, but we tell youngsters to see how dance works for them. Then they can transition towards it slowly,\" says Aamir Ahmed, Ballrumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372896", "title": "It's pleasure to work with Sanyogita films: Anjana", "text": "Actress Anjana Singh has signed producer Alok Kumar's next film 'Doodh Ka Karz' opposite Khesari Lal Yadav. Smrity Sinha is also paired opposite Nirahua in the movie. Premanshu Singh is directing this film .Anjana , Smrity and Khesari Lal were together in Alok Kumar's last release film 'Devra pe Manva Dole'. Anjana says, \"It's my pleasure to work again with Sanyogita films, because Sanyogita films all 7 films were super hit at the box office. Shooting of Doodh ka Karz has already started in Mumbai. Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374763", "title": "Karthi gets 'book'ed", "text": "Everyone knows about the importance of reading books. Now, we have a Kollywood celebrity endorsing that as well! Actor Karthi recently attended the annual Erode Book Fair. Interestingly, his father, Sivakumar, is an avid reader too.The Saguni star, in his inaugural speech, spoke higly about the value of reading. He said, \"Through reading, you gain a lot of experiences that enrich you as a person. It moulds you as a person. Though I was not a very avid reader, I have been reading in the past few years and am inspired by many books.\" He also urged the youth in the audience to take up to reading in a big way. Let's hope that the actor strives to inculcate such positive values with his presence and goes beyond his roles as an actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai/madurai", "code": "15369136", "title": "Crackdown on autos, buses continues", "text": "CHENNAI/MADURAI: A record number of vehicles were checked and several licenses suspended in Chennai, Madurai and Coimbatore after six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan, a class 2 student of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School, fell through a hole on the floor of a bus and died on July 25.In spite of the action against violators, another six-year-old girl Jayalakshmi, daughter of Katturaja near Sindhupatti in Thirumangalam, died after she fell off an overcrowded share auto on August 3, in Madurai.But the operators do not seem to have learned a lesson from the crackdown or the accidents. Two days after the accident, the police seized 10 share autos in Thirumangalam on Sunday. The share autos which were seized were found carrying more passengers than permitted. \"The share autos were overcrowded. Many were also seated on wooden planks fitted in violation of norms,\" said inspector G Mariappan.\"We have levied a penalty of Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500 on each auto seized. The drivers were sitting cramped as they allowed passengers to sit along with him on their seats. This is not only a violation of safety but the drivers also run the risk of losing control of the vehicle anytime,\" Mariappan said.Share auto drivers are also accused of overspeeding and reckless driving along congested roads during peak hours.The transport department inspected 3,289 of the 5,100 buses in the three districts and 17,435 school buses statewide. The permits of 449 buses in the state were suspended temporarily after a state-wide crackdown on Monday and Tuesday.In another set of raids on Friday, 1,018 educational institutional vehicles were checked in Chennai and neighbouring districts. \"Of this, 169 were chargesheeted. About 107 vehicles were found to be overloaded. At least 13 vehicles did not have fitness certificates or the required permit,\" said a transport department official.The move has triggered paranoia among operators of buses, vans and autorickshaws which transport schoolchildren. \"We have already informed the authorities that seating arrangements for adults cannot be used as these seats can accommodate more children. We are waiting a court verdict expected on August 9 on a new set of regulations,\" said K Raghu, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers' Association.Meanwhile, a few autorickshaw drivers and van drivers said the authorities, in their new enthusiasm, were holding them to ransom. \"We are scared to ferry children. Safety is least of our concerns as many of us use bylanes to avoid getting caught. This is a new opportunity for corruption. Many a time, it takes more than two days to pay fine and get a seized vehicle,\" said an autorickshaw driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372711", "title": "Natalie Portman weds Benjamin Millepied", "text": "Natalie Portman married her fiance of two years choreographer Benjamin Millepied , on the scenic central California coast of Big Sur, on Saturday.The couple was surrounded by family and friends, including Ivanka Trump , when they exchanged vows after dark in a Jewish ceremony at a private home, People magazine reported.The 31-year-old Oscar winner first met French dancer Millepied, 35, on the set of 'Black Swan' in the fall of 2009.He worked as a choreographer on the film and the two started to date during the shoot. By December 2010, the couple announced they were engaged and expecting their first child. Their son Aleph is 14-months old.\"Nothing is more important than my personal life,\" Portman recently told France's Madame Figaro magazine.\"It's something which comes first, always makes sense, and compared to the happiness of a successful family life, everything else is practically superficial,\" she said.Now the newlywed may consider becoming a French citizen like her husband.\"I now have the possibility of taking on French nationality. It would accomplish the Francophile dreams of my father and myself,\" she told the publication.\"I lived in Paris when I was 12 and my father gave me the name Natalie as an homage to Gilbert B caud's song. Everything in my life has drawn me towards a French family,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369896", "title": "Heritage in ruins through lens", "text": "Once a refuge for hapless widows, this temple town in Uttar Pradesh is close to the heart of Bengalis. But there's more to Vrindavan than mythology and history, as it's mainly known for. A peek at the splendid architecture reveals how it turned into a melting pot of diverse religions and cultures - Buddhist, Mughal and the Gouriya. But much of these have gone to waste because of lack of preservation. A four-day photography exhibition beginning August 8 at Gallery Gold near Menoka Cinema in south Kolkata captures this decay. Known as the birthplace of Krishna, Vrindavan attracted people from all walks of life - from historians Fa Hien and Hiuen Tsang, Mughal emperor Akbar to religious leader Sree Krishna Chaitanya. Moved by the dedication of Vaishnav monks, the Mughal emperor sent red sandstones to build temples as early as 1570. Five temples - Gobanji's temple built by Maharaja Man Singh, Madanmohan temple built by Krishnadas Karpoor, Gopinath temple built by the maharaja of Bikaner, Ray Ray Singh, Jugalkishore temple built by Chauhan patriarch Nonkarn Singh and Radhaballav temple built by mansabdar Sundarlal - bear testimony to this. After the Mughal rule, the rajas of Bundelkhand and the Maratha rulers built quite a few temples, too.26/11 on canvasYoung painter artist Anirban Ghosh has relived the horrors of the terror strike in Mumbai (26/11) with his deft strokes of brush. Ghosh even took it beyond to portray the elements that do not always catch the naked eye. His recent art exhibition at the Bimal Mitra Art Gallery displayed his work on the abstract that conveyed a meaning with specific choices of colour, space division, and the mystery he creates with light and shade. But the abstract art has its deep roots in the society that is explicit in his five signature works in oil.Past glories of city sleuthsThe detective department of the city police has come a long way since the mid-19th Century when charismatic city magistrate William Coats Blacquiere inaugurated a network of spies or 'goendas.' It was Sir Stuart Hogg who first formalised and set up the Detective Department in November 1868 with A Younan as the superintendent and R Lamb as the first-class inspector. Hogg was both the commissioner of police and the chairman of the Calcutta Municipal Corporation. His name is still remembered through the Hogg Market, more popularly known as the New Market, one of the landmarks of the city. The success and efficiency of the detective department of the city police started being compared with that of London Metropolitan Police during the tenure of Fredrick Halliday, the commissioner. There are only six years to go before the country's first detective department turns 150. The Kolkata Police Museum is piecing together the past glories of the detective department to present them in a unique exhibition on the eve of its 150th anniversary.Rugby makes a splash at DhapaUnderprivileged children had a ball with the American Center, in association with Khelo Rugby, celebrating the spirit of sportsmanship with Let's Play Rugby at Ananta Badal maat in Dhapa. Deputy director of the American Center, Anthony Tranchina, flagged off the tournament that featured eight teams of 80 children from Howrah, Kidderpore, Dhapa and other parts of the city. It turned out to be a tough fight, with the kids representing teams Chicago Lions, Boston Bulls, New York Eagles, Washington Warriors, Houston Cowboys, New Orleans Harlequins, Denver Pioneers and San Francisco Mustangs. The Bowl's Cup played between New Orleans Harlequins and San Francisco Mustangs saw San Francisco bag top honours. The Plate Final trophy was won by Chicago Lions who beat Boston Bulls. But the toughest fight was for the Winner's Cup, where the Houston Cowboys defeated the Dhapa home team, Denver Pioneers.Under-cover carWhen it rains in the city, it is difficult to drive on without getting mud stains on the car. And when a passing vehicle splatters mud all over a new car, it is certainly painful for the owner. But it seems some people have found a way to avoid that. Last week, a limousine was seen zipping through Alipore roads amid heavy rain with the car-cover on, ostensibly to avoid mud splashes. It even had a transparent cover in front of the driver's seat, so that he could look at the road. But was it not risky as the driver could see little in the rear-view mirror with the cover restricting vision? And what were the traffic policemen doing, letting such a car be driven around during the busy traffic hours? It seems our traffic policemen need to be on alert in case more drivers get such bizarre ideas.Enjoy a 'staycation'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368022", "title": "Humidity adds to allergies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue , malaria and gastrointestinal infections are not the only health problems faced by people across the capital these days. Due to high levels of humidity, there has been a spurt in cases of skin infections and allergies too, say doctors.On Sunday, humidity stood at 84%. Doctors advise to keep the body dry. \"Excessive sweating and damp skin leads to fungal infections. It causes rashes or ringworm which is not serious but discomforting. The groin, armpits and shoulders are the most common sites where rashes occur,\" said a senior doctor. He said using antiseptics or home remedies like neem leaves with bathing water and spraying talcum powder in the sensitive areas can help.Another common problem during the season is conjunctivitis, a highly contagious disease caused by bacterial and viral infection. Opthalmologist Sanjay Choudhary says maintaining hand hygiene can help check it. \"Currency notes are the biggest source of infection. So one should clean hands before touching the eyes or rubbing them,\" said Dr Choudhary.He added that one should avoid crowded places and sharing of toiletries. \"Those travelling by public transport and school-going students need to be extra careful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369384", "title": "Intermittent showers lead to 'floods' on Sangam city roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It was a Sunday filled with unwanted troubles, as the menace of waterlogging once again raised its head in the wake of intermittent showers which lashed the city since Saturday. Areas like Allahpur, George Town, Tagore Town, LIC Colony, CMP Degree College turned into a virtual cesspool with rainwater accumulated on the roads. At several places, rainwater entered the houses in low lying areas.At several localities including Nawab Yusuf Road, Niranjan overbridge, Dara Shah Ajmal, Daryabad and Rasoolpur knee-deep water made movement difficult for both commuters and pedestrians with civic authorities watching as helpless spectators.While two-wheeler riders faced problem when their vehicles got stuck in knee-deep water at several places, four-wheeler drivers also faced lot of problems when their vehicles got stuck in muddy conditions. At some spots traffic cops had to help harried commuters to take out their vehicles stuck in mud and slush.As a result of slippery conditions prevailing in the aftermath of rains, some commuters were also injured when their vehicles skid off the road causing minor injuries. A resident of Om Gayatri Nagar, Harihar Joshi said, \"Rain coupled with pitiable condition of roads has compounded the woes of commuters even as the departments concerned are least bothered about people's woes.\" He blamed the Allahabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) officials for failing to solve the waterlogging problem which crops up during rainy season every year in the city.The problem in the low lying areas of Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi, Salori, Rajapur was very grim in the backdrop of the fact that rain water after coming in contact with sewage water overflowing into the streets made movement virtually impossible for locals. Besides, it also entered the houses in low lying areas forcing the residents to seek shelter at safer places.Residents alleged that low lying areas like Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi and Salori are prone to waterlogging during the rainy season. Reason being that underground drain in most of these areas are clogged as a result of which water spills on the roads and enters houses. A resident of Daryabad, Syed Qasim Ali said, \"Roads should be immediately repaired otherwise cases of mishaps would increase many times after heavy rains.\" He also pointed out that non-cleaning of the drains has also aggravated the problem. Water from clogged drains gushes inside houses causing damage to houses and property alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368055", "title": "Tainted officer of Commonwealth Games organizing committee on the run, say cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five days after Delhi Police registered a case against Nachiketa Kapur, a prominent member of the organizing committee of Commonwealth Games 2010, for forging BA certificate of Delhi University to bag the OC job, Kapur has reportedly gone into hiding.A team had gone to Kapur's house to question him but they could not find the former deputy director general (protocol and media relations) of OC, sources said. His phone is also not reachable. DCP Crime Branch, Sanjay Jain confirmed that \"they have not been able to trace him\".Kapur was appointed by the chief of OC, Suresh Kalmadi, ignoring the cabinet appointments committee's observation that \"he should not be considered for any appointment of a sensitive nature.\"Kapur's name also figured in a WikiLeaks cable last year which stated that Nachiketa Kapur, a political aide of Congress leader Satish Sharma, had showed an embassy official a chest full of currency kept aside to buy support of MPs during the July 2008 trust vote for the UPA I, which is now part of the cash-for-vote scam.Last week, Delhi Police registered a case of forgery, cheating and criminal conspiracy against him.An officer said, \"Kapur submitted his resume and a copy of his BA degree form DU bearing Roll No 621411 and mentioned 1994 as year of passing. We found during enquiry that the degree did not match official records of DU, and so wanted to question him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368171", "title": "Rajesh Pilot\u2019s statue damaged, bandh in Kotputli", "text": "JAIPUR: Kotputli town in Jaipur rural remained closed on Sunday, a day after a statue of former Union minister and Gujjar leader late Rajesh Pilot was damaged. The incident sparked protests by the members of his community and students.According to police, Rajesh Pilot's statue in LBS Government College premises had been damaged by some unidentified miscreants on Saturday evening. As news spread in the campus, a large number of students and the Gujjar community members gathered there. They staged a demonstration demanding immediate arrest of the culprits.The protesters had called for a shutdown on Sunday. \"The protest remained peaceful on Sunday, however, we had deployed heavy police force in the town keeping in view a possible law and order situation,\" said a police officer. He added that search for those who damaged the statue is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373733", "title": "Jism 2 fizzles after the initial hype", "text": "The business declined drastically Saturday onwards and though it managed to collect Rs 20 crores, more was expected from the film.The much-hyped Sunny Leone starrer Jism 2 made a 'bold' decision. After long a film dared to come out with a Thursday night preview show. It worked to an extent for Jism 2 with a decent start but then backfired since the business declined drastically Saturday onwards. The first weekend collection is around Rs 20 crores. While that is a good figure considering the modest budget on which Jism 2 was made, more was expected from the film.All the other releases of week including the widely released animation film Krishna aur Kans and the other lesser known names like Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai and Shuttlecock Boys went unnoticed.The coming week sees the releases of the second part of Anurag Kashyup's crime-drama Gangs of Wasseypur . With the critical acclaim and the positive response that first part received at the box-office, audiences are looking forward to the second part. Expectations are rife as the promising actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui takes over the revenge saga.The only other release of the week is a Punjabi film Anhey Ghorey Da Daan (Alms for Blind Horse) that won the National Award last year.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Jism 2Position: 1Director: Pooja BhattCast: Sunny Leone, Randeep Hooda, Arunoday SinghUpside: Sunny Leone sex-quotient, good musicDownside: Below average performances, slow narrative, dull storyRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: After long a film dared to come out with a Thursday night preview show. It worked to an extent for Jism 2 with a decent start but then backfired since the business declined drastically Saturday onwards. The first weekend collection is around Rs 20 crores. While that is a good figure considering the modest budget on which Jism 2 was made, more was expected from the film.Film: Kyaa Super Kool Hai HumPosition: 2Director: Sachin YardiCast: Riteish Deshmukh, Tusshar Kapoor, Sarah Jane Dias, Neha SharmaUpside: High on humour, Riteish Deshmukh's comic timing, good musicDownside: No sane storylineRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Had a steady run collecting another Rs 5 crores in its second weekend.Film: CocktailPosition: 3Director: Homi AdajaniaCast: Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone, Diana PentyUpside: Decent performances, good humour, lighthearted and refreshing treatmentDownside: Conventional love triangle plot, predictable climax, second half dragsRunning Week: 4Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Bol BachchanPosition: 4Director: Rohit ShettyCast: Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Prachi Desai, AsinUpside: Lighthearted film, some good funny moments, passable performancesDownside: Occasional overdose of formulaRunning Week: 5Box-Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Ferrari Ki SawariPosition: 5Director: Rajesh MapuskarCast: Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritvik SahoreUpside: Simple and well-told story, good performances, entire Ferrari angle in the storyDownside: Convenient endRunning Week: 8Box Office Verdict: Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368040", "title": "Armed goons snatch car from income tax officer, wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: An income tax officer and his wife were robbed of their car by a gang of armed robbers in Narela area of outer Delhi on Sunday morning.According to police, Amit Kumar and his wife Namita, a teacher in a government school were going to bring Kumar's sister home from Rohtak. Kumar is posted in Chandigarh and comes to Delhi during the weekends.When the couple reached Ghogha area on Bawana road three men on a bike overtook their WagonR and forced them to stop at gunpoint, police said. The victim said only two of the accused got off the bike. They then sprayed chilli powder in Amit and Namita's eyes forcing them out of the car. The trio then decamped with the car.Police said the couple raised alarm and passersby rushed to their rescue. They were taken to Raja Harish Chandra Hospital.Meanwhile, a carpenter, who allegedly supplied illegal arms to goons in the capital, was arrested in Outer Delhi and six country made pistols from him.Outer district DCP B S Jaiswal said that Mohd Harrun was apprehended from Rohini Sector 12 on Sunday after they received a tip-off. Harrun told police that he could not earn enough from carpentry and thus entered the world of crime, Jaiswal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367571", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Special Police bows to demands of cops\u2019 kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after family members of constables of the APSP Kondapur battalion raised a banner of revolt, the rebellion has spread to other battalions in the state, forcing police top brass to agree to their several demands on Sunday.On Sunday morning, family members of the constables of the APSP VIII battalion showed hostility towards APSP IG AB Venkateswar Rao, who arrived there to talk to protesters about various issues. The protesters shouted slogans like \"we want justice\", \"down down\" to the IG and some of them even hurled footwear towards the officer.Sensing the hostile nature of the protesters, the IG then left the spot and later in the afternoon, APSP additional DG Damodar Gautam Sawang went to the battalion. The additional DG held discussions with the protesters and then assured them that the troublesome rules would be changed. Talking to TOI, Sawang said that from now onwards APSP constables would not be posted at far-flung places and those who were currently working at distant places would soon be relocated and posted at locations close to their parent battalion. He also announced that as demanded by the protesters, the existing rule of 40 days in the field and 20 days at headquarters would be replaced with the three-day off in a month rule.One of the major concerns of the spouses of the APSP personnel was that in the existing system, their husbands were not given enough time to spend with their families even during the 20 days as they were being posted for bandobust work in the city. The protesters also demanded that VIII battalion commandant K Ramesh Naidu, who was responsible for the death of constable Palani Reddy at Addateegala, be suspended. They alleged that Palani Reddy, who was suffering from jaundice and fever had applied for leave, but it was rejected by the commandant, resulting in his death on August 2 due to lack of proper medical treatment. Some of the protesters alleged that Palani Reddy, who used to work as an orderly at the commandant's office has been posted at Addateegala camp as punishment posting. \"The commandant's wife did not like the work of Palani Reddy so he was posted at Addateegala as punishment and that was why his leave was also denied,\" a colleague of Palani said.Later during the night, APSP officials announced that an inquiry has been ordered into Palani Reddy's death by additional commandant Chakradhar and reserve inspector Vinod, who was heading the Addateegala camp, has been suspended. The protest at the Kondapur battalion was called off after the additional DG's visit, but family members of the constables were still staging a dharna at the first battalion in Yousufguda when reports last came in. Meanwhile, DGP V Dinesh Reddy has issued orders directing the APSP additional DGP to conduct an inquiry into the issue of constables being made to work in far off places and submit a report duly fixing responsibility.Meanwhile, the protest by families of police constables spread to other districts with women taking up cudgels on behalf of their husbands at several places including Vizianagaram, Kadapa, Adilabad and Nizamabad districts.Women staged a rasta roko at Chintalavalasa, five km from Vizianagaram, and shouted slogans against the government. Their agitation turned ugly when Vizianagaram rural circle inspector Nageshwara Rao allegedly made some disparaging comments on the APSP cops.The agitating women and children demanded that the CI tender an apology for his derogatory comments on the APSP cops. \"My two children had fallen sick last week. Nobody is here to take care of them. How can I manage? The senior officials have to think about this,\" wife of one of the APSP constables, M Lakshmi asked. The traffic on the road came to a grinding halt as the protesters staged the rasta roko for over two hours. They relented after an assurance from DIG of battalions of Kakinada B Nageswara Rao and the commandant of the fifth battalion J Muralidhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15368037", "title": "\u2018Cool vests\u2019 for jawans to brave the desert heat", "text": "JAISALMER: The defence research and development organization (DRDO) has prepared a 'cool vest jacket' for BSF jawans guarding the international border in extreme hot conditions. The vest, along with a cap, was recently put on trial in Shahgarh Bulge area. According to BSF sources, there is still scope for improving the vest and the BSF panel supervising the trial has forwarded its suggestions.The BSF jawans, deployed on duty in 50 to 55 degrees Celsius near the international border adjoining Pakistan, often have to face lot of problems due to prolonged exposure to heat.According to DRDO officials, the cool jacket has 12 pockets in the front and back, in which packets of phase change material (PCM) are kept. PCM packets help to keep the body cool for approximately four hours. After that, they have to be kept in a deep freezer for recharging. After recharge, these packets can be re-used.The jacket provide respite to jawans by keeping their body temperature below 30 degrees Celsius. The PCM packets absorb body's excessive heat, thus cooling the soft tissues and blood as it circulates through the cardiovascular system, said an official.The cost of the jacket is nearly Rs 2,000 and weighs between 1.5 kg and 2kg. It is easy to wear and the shelf life of a PCM is nearly six months. Once it is approved, these jackets will be made available in open market.It works on the principle of latent heat absorption, said Col S D Goswami, defence spokesperson. The Army had also carried out trials and forwarded the report to DRDO, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372168", "title": "I share a great relationship with Sunny: Anil Sharma", "text": "Director Anil Sharma who is teaming up again with Sunny Deol in film Singh 'Saheb The Great', says that he shares a great working relationship with the actor. I am working with him for the fourth time. 'Gadar', 'Hero' , 'Apne' were the earlier films with him.He is an actor who goes according to the character he is essaying in the film. He does not want changes in the dialogues , scenes once things are discussed with him after that there are is no question of any changes. It is not only with him but I share a great comfort level with his father Dharmendra , he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372242", "title": "Vadodara remembers Rabindranath Tagore!", "text": "The entire country is celebrating the 151 st birth anniversary of the great poet Rabindranath Tagore, and Vadodara, a city known for its rich culture and history, also organized a programme as a mark of respect for the visionary poet.In this programme titled Tumi Antoheen (literal meaning-you are endless), which was organized by the Vadodara Bengali Association, there were some enthralling performances by talented local artists. The audience was treated to some graceful dance performances, and the singing performances also lived up to the expectations.After all, you can never go wrong when it comes to Rabindrasangeet, isn't it? What added more to the evening was the fact that it was held at the spacious Sir Sayajiraonagar Gruh, which has a seating capacity of more than 1000 people. The evening brought alive the contemporary relevance of Tagore through a variety of his works and there were several traditional as well as innovative aspects on offer. All the prominent Bengali cultural associations of Vadodara had carefully put together this event and staged performances ranging from Riturang to Tagore's views on marriage, partnership, gender and an oppressed society. An innovative attempt was made through this cultural evening to showcase how the new generations have re-invented Tagore according to the demands of changing times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369449", "title": "NSUI members gherao Veer Narmad South Gujarat University VC for three hours", "text": "SURAT: Vice-chancellor of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) Dakshesh Thakar was forced to stay in his office for around three hours by National Students' Union of India's (NSUI) members and senior syndicate members on Saturday night who demanded an immediate decision over Chauhan's appeal to accept his candidature.NSUI lead by Congress leader Hoshang Mirza, Chauhan and other members gheraoed Thakar in his office from 7 pm to 10 pm at VNSGU campus.Thakar turned down their demand and claimed that he has 48 hours to take decision as per rules. When the group continued its representation, police arrived and forced the NSUI members to leave the campus. \"VNSGU authorities used police to threaten us. It is an unlawful behaviour by the varsity administration as there is no space for lawful representation,\" said Mirza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368315", "title": "Baby ill, so Pune mother abandoned her", "text": "PUNE: The woman, who on Saturday had filed a police complaint saying that her 26-day-old baby was snatched from her by two unidentified men, has now admitted to abandoning the child herself in Dandekar bridge area. The mother said she took the extreme step as the child was continuously ill owing to a blood disorder.The Samarth police had found discrepancies in the mother's complaint, and investigations later revealed that Muskan Shaikh (32) of Mominpura in Ghorpade Peth had abandoned baby girl, and to avert suspicious, lodged a false complaint of kidnapping with the Samarth police station.Senior inspector Ganpatrao Nikam of the Samarth police station told TOI that the mother has confessed that she did not want to kill her daughter, Sadira. So, she left her in the Dandekar bridge area. She did so because of frequent illness of her daughter.\"We are yet to trace the baby,\" Nikam said.Muskan had claimed on Saturday that two persons on a motorcycle had snatched her baby near KEM hospital. She said that she had visited the hospital after receiving a call. The police became suspicious after Muskan changed her statement. Records also showed that there was no call asking her to come to the hospital. Nikam said the police have found that the baby was suffering from blood septicaemia and her parents had spent a huge amount for her treatment.The hospital's CCTV footage showed that Muskan did not enter the hospital but walked along the compound wall. The spot from where she said the baby was snatched is a no-entry point. \"She did not raise any alarm either,\" Nikam said. He said when confronted with this evidence, she admitted that she had abandoned the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369433", "title": "Motorist hits cop, booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a motorist sped away after hitting a police constable, Sachin Kumar, at a check post near Sector 42 lake, on Sunday, the UT police registered a case against him. The police said an injured Kumar was taken to a government hospital for first-aid.\"Kumar had signaled the motorcyclist to stop for checking. But instead of stopping, he pressed the accelerator and the bike hit the cop. We have traced his address through the bike's registration number. He will be arrested soon,\" said a police official.The accused has been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including 279 (rash driving), 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) and 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions). About six such cases have been reported in the last three months. In the latest incident, a woman traffic police constable was dragged for 400 meter near Matka Chowk (on Madhya Marg) by an auto-rickshaw driver on August 1 when she tried to stop him for checking of vehicle papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369744", "title": "Ignou gets new vice-chancellor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gopinath Pradhan, professor of economics , took over as the new vice-chancellor of the Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) on August 1.Pradhan joined Ignou in 1993 as a reader in economics and became a professor in 1998. He has been serving as the director of the School of Social Sciences (SOSS) of the university since 2010.As to his new role, Pradhan says, \"I now need to look at the overall development of Ignou . I have been working with Ignou for the last 15 years, so I know which areas need to be strengthened and which areas can be improved upon. I am excited and I am looking forward to put in my best.\"Pradhan has handled various research projects pertaining to policy research and has contributed to the capacity-building training module, certificate programme launched by Ignou in 2001 on 'Involuntary Resettlement and Rehabilitation' and 'strengthening of local government in Madhya Pradesh.'Talking about his immediate priority, Pradhan says that he would focus on strengthening the student support services at the regional centres.\"We would like to strengthen the student services in two ways. One would be related to the operational side, which would cater to helping students with filling in forms, etc. The other would be to focus on improved counselling for students. We give them reading material , but besides that we also hire experts from different universities who teach students a particular subject at a fixed time of the week. We have a number of programmes, which range from the Bachelor's to the PhD and we would like to have more experts who can tackle students' doubts,\" informs Pradhan.Pradhan completed his MA and PhD in economics from Odisha's Sambalpur University in 1975 and 1984 respectively. His areas of specialisations are development economics, industrial economics, public economics and quantitative economics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15370455", "title": "We too can carry astronauts to space: Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan", "text": "He's busy lining up a series of satellite launches and pressing for government sanction for the prestigious Mars mission late next year. Indian Space Research Organization chairman K Radhakrishnan tells Arun Ram that India has the capability to put two astronauts in an orbit 300-400km above Earth for a week.Are you re-inventing the wheel?No, we are leapfrogging. Newer missions may find newer things. Also, newcomers have an advantage as they draw from the experience of others. Space missions also instil in the next generation a sense of exploration and an ambition to learn science which is inevitable for human development. Look at the interest the Chandrayaan-1 mission has generated among school children.But superpowers are cutting down their space programmesEach country will have different priorities. But the spirit of science is always exploration. The space age started in the late 1950s with a sense of pride and competition. India, which launched its first satellite 'Aryabhata' in 1975 has remained rooted to societal applications even while taking up exploration programmes.But isn't uncertainty at the core of explorations?Yes. Any research has an element of uncertainty. One has to be ready for failure. We didn't go to Moon (referring to Chandrayaan-1) to fetch water, but we found it. That's the beauty of research. Besides the obvious results of satellite launches, there are several silent social applications of space programmes. More than 40 years ago, several people used to be killed in cyclones and natural disasters. If you don't hear such large-scale casualties today, it's because we have satellite warning systems in place.Why is it so important to put man in space when machines have been doing the job there?Hundreds of satellites and orbiters do a good job, but only humans have the cognitive ability. Space robotics and habitation are two arms of space flights. We need them both.So when is India sending a human to space?We don't have a deadline yet. We did a detailed study in 2006 and found we have the capability to develop systems to put two astronauts in an orbit 300-400km above Earth for seven days. Our GSLV-MIII (in the making) is a potential candidate to carry our astronauts to space. Our scientists are working on everything from crew module, life support and co-escape system to flight suits and space food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15369546", "title": "Rs 20,000 crore swindled in Maharashtra irrigation scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's mega irrigation scam, which strained relations between Congress and its alliance partner, Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), is getting murkier.In another explosive revelation, TOI has learned that costs of 38 irrigation projects in Vidarbha were increased from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore by the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). More shockingly, this mind-numbing 300% cost escalation of over Rs 20,000 crore was approved in a short span of three months between June and August 2009. (TOI, in recent months, has carried a series of reports exposing the contractor-minister-bureaucrat nexus that has led to criminal cost escalations in minor and big irrigation projects in the state.)The VIDC reasoned that the costs were revised because of the change in price levels, higher quotes by contractors, increase in the cost of land acquisition, engineering changes and other reasons. But the rush to revise costs and give bulk approvals to 38 projects in just three months has raised eyebrows in government circles.In one unusual case, revised administrative approval for the Lower Wardha project was granted on Independence Day (August 15), a national holiday. The project cost was revised by VIDC's then executive director from Rs 950 crore to Rs 2,356 crore on that day. Sources point out another case of the Upper Wardha project in Amravati, where the cost was revised from Rs 661 crore to Rs 1,376 crore in July.Another case is that of the Bembala river project in Yavatmals district of Vidarbha. Official documents show that its cost was revised from Rs 1,278 crore to Rs 2,176 crore on August 14, 2009. Bembala was one of the 10 projects given revised administrative approvals hurriedly on that day.On another day (June 24, 2009), VIDC issued 10 revised administrative approvals for Vaisawali, Lonwadi, Dagadparwa and Dava minor irrigation schemes, and larger projects such as Human Nadi, Kharbadi K T Weir, Jigaon, Khadak Purna, Pentakali and Chandrabhaga. Once these revised administrative approvals were granted, the VIDC hurriedly invited tenders for all the 38 projects.These approvals were given by then executive director Devendra Shirke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368244", "title": "Man killed for drugs, gets life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: A drug addict was sentenced to life imprisonment by a court here for killing his handicapped friend when he denied him smack. Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau awarded life term to Bantoo. Lau dismissed his plea for leniency, saying a person cannot be allowed to kill another to satisfy his \"physical cravings.\"In keeping with the international practice of reforming addicts, the court directed the jail superintendent to provide him de-addiction treatment. \"It is essential for the drug addicts to recognize that their addictive behaviour is on some level a choice and that they can choose differently,\" the court said while refusing Bantoo's plea for leniency.Police said 37-year-old Bantoo had murdered his handicapped drug addict friend Shyam after he refused to give him smack in March last year. Bantoo and Shyam used to beg near Mahender Park in northwest Delhi for buying smack. The case dates back to March 18, 2011, when Bantoo came to Shyam's house and took him along with him to a nearby public toilet, where they used to take the drug regularly, despite protests by Shyam's mother.Police said the accused stabbed the victim when he refused to give him smack. The court held Bantoo guilty on the testimony of the victim's mother, who said she had seen them going to the public toilet together and that the accused was also carrying a knife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368713", "title": "Janeshwar Mishra Park to come up over 330 acres", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav laid the foundation stone of the proposed Janeshwar Mishra Park in Gomti Nagar on the occasion of birth anniversary of Mishra, on Sunday. The park, proposed to sprawl over an area of over 300 acres will have plantation, public utility services, cycle and walking track and water bodies.The park happens to be a dream project of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav who had asked his son and UP CM Akhilesh Yadav to dedicate a park in the name of Janeshwar Mishra, also known as 'Chotey Lohia'. Part of a huge green belt sprawling over an area of nearly 600 acres, the park, interestingly, was named as Ambedkar Green Garden. However, soon after Samajwadi Party came to power, it proposed a park in the name of Janeshwar Mishra in Gomtinagar. The site had been under court scrutiny following a petition by Gomtinagar Jan Kalyan Mahasamiti after Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) changed the land use of the site from green to a residential colony, Vyom Khand. Later, the land was converted back into a green belt even as LDA went on to plant over one lakh saplings in the area. LDA officials said that all the activities in the area will confirm to the present land use - green belt.Yadav also dedicated a Janeshwar Mishra library in Bakshi Ka Talab Inter College on Sunday. Speaking on the occasion, Yadav said that it is the people's power, which is driving the government. He said that SP government will abide by its poll promises, which it had made to the people during of UP the assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368137", "title": "R R Patil won\u2019t lose his job, says Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: A day after Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar slammed state home minister R R Patil for the poor law-and-order situation in Maharashtra, the latter found some solace in deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's statement on Sunday that the Union agriculture minister'sobservations did not mean that there would be a cabinet reshuffle.Interacting with the media here, Ajit Pawarruled out the possibility of Patil losing his job as home minister in the backdrop of the Pune blasts.Sharad Pawar at a meeting of NCP cabinet members had blasted Patil in Mumbai on Saturday for his \"inept handling of the law-and-order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune\". He had pointed out Pune and certain other cities in the state are on the hit list of terrorists.\"Our intelligence gathering network appears to be poor. This is unacceptable. There seems to be negligence at certain levels and the state must take stringent action if its officers are not performing,\" he had said.Asked about the senior Pawar's remarks, Ajit Pawar said, \"He is the seniormost leader of our party and can express his opinion about the functioning of any ministry. If he feels something is going wrong, he says it. He has done the same in the case of the Pune blasts. It does not mean that Patil will lose his ministry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15367917", "title": "Metro to link up with Rapid Rail", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a daily footfall of 44,000, the Sikanderpur Metro station on the HUDA City Centre-Jahangirpuri corridor is an important station on the Yellow line. Now, it's all set to provide greater connectivity after integration with the Rapid Metro in March next year.A Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson said this station will be connected to the Rapid Metro station through a 100m walkway. That's not all: for the first time, Delhi Metro will also integrate its ticketing system with that of the Rapid Metro through a common house in the backend. What this means is that your Delhi Metro card can also be used on the Gurgaon Rapid Metro.\"The Rapid Metro will have a flat rate for the 6.1km journey. Commuters travelling on the Delhi Metro can use their tickets or smart card to travel on the Rapid Metro,\" said an official from the IL&FS; promoted Rapid Metro. Delhi Metro tickets or smart cards are yet to be integrated with other public transport in Delhi like DTC.With an expected ridership of over a lakh, the Rapid Metro will provide much needed access into areas like Cyber City, DLF phases II and III as well as NH8. The alignment for the corridor woll start from Sikanderpur and will go till NH8 and back. A single track metro system, the Rapid Metro will have three coaches and will be synchronized to match the Delhi Metro schedule.To build the Rapid Metro, Delhi Metro changed the design of its alignment at Sikanderpur. \"To enable the alignment to go under line 2 (HUDA City Centre-Jahangirpuri), we have simply changed the design of one of the spans at the location. Instead of the box type segmental girder, it's been converted into a U-girder,\" said the Delhi Metro official.With a clearance of 5.5m between the two alignments, the Rapid Metro station is located diagonally across the existing Delhi Metro station. With a third rail instead of an overhead electrification (like the Delhi Metro), the Rapid Metro will be the first private metro in Delhi NCR.Trial runs on the Rapid Metro are expected to start from mid-August. IL&FS; is also planning to extend the line further to cover 20km in total. \"The second phase of the Rapid Metro has already been sanctioned. It will cover 14km with 14 stations in another three-four years,\" said the Rapid Metro spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15370047", "title": "4-month-old girl killed by father in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A four months old baby girl was reportedly strangulated to death by her father in Bhodi village of Mahendergarh district on Friday night. The police arrested accused Surender Singh, 30, a farm labourer, on Sunday, the complaint of his wife Poonam Devi, whom he suspected of illicit ties.Inspector Suresh Kumar , station house officer (SHO) of Ateli police station, said Kumar and Poonam had got married in 2008. \"But a marital discord between the couple led to their separation about a year ago. The couple already has a two-year-old daughter. But Poonam delivered another child while staying at her parents home in Meerut,\" he said.Suresh said the woman had returned to her husband's house last week after a mutual compromise. But the man suspected his wife and alleged that the young baby was not his. On Friday, he returned home drunk and seeing the baby sleeping and Poonam in washroom, he killed the child and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374866", "title": "Marilyn Monroe wanted to retire to Brooklyn", "text": "Years before her untimely death, Marilyn Monroe had revealed that she hoped to spend her twilight years in Brooklyn.During an interview on radio, the blond bombshell, who lived in New York City on and off for several years before dying in Los Angeles in 1962, called Brooklyn her \"favorite place in the world.\"\"When I retire I'm going to retire to Brooklyn,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as saying on the show.\"That's my favourite place in the world, so far, that I've seen,\" she had said.Monroe, then 31-years-old admitted that she hadn't \"travelled much, but I don't think I'll find anything to replace Brooklyn.\"The brief interview started off NBC radio's Monitor program, which debuted June 12, 1955. It remained on the air for nearly 20 years.When asked what it was about Brooklyn she loved, Monroe's answer was simple: \"Almost everything.\"\"I just like walking around,\" she said.The sex siren said one highlight was the view of Manhattan, which can only be seen from Brooklyn, but stressed her affection for the borough was more than that.\"It isn't only the view, it's the people. The people and the streets and the atmosphere , I just like it,\" she said.Her affection for Brooklyn may have come through her relationship with playwright Arthur Miller , who spent years living in the borough and wrote fondly about it in his 1987 autobiography, Timebends.Monroe and Miller married in 1956 and remained together for five years before divorcing in 1961, a year before her untimely death.During that period, the sultry \"Some Like It Hot\" star came to New York City with plans to someday make it her permanent home.The curtain fell on Monroe's life when she was discovered, naked, in the bedroom of her Brentwood home in 1962. A bottle of prescription pills was found on her nightstand, and officials concluded her death was the result of an \"apparent suicide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368678", "title": "Property dealer shoots at army officer's wife in Gomtingar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Enraged over protest by a man before the electricity department employees, who had come to install a transformer, a property dealer shot at the protestor's wife with his licensed revolver at Awadhpuri locality in Gomtinagar police station area late on Saturday night. The victim was identified as Laxmi, wife of Govind Singh Parihar.According to Parihar, who is an army officer, the property dealer, identified as Kamlesh Yadav had barged into his house and had opened fire on his wife with an intention to kill her. On hearing the gunshot, Parihar along with his daughter Kamla, son Bhagwan Singh and daughter-in-law Janki rushed towards the property dealer, who, however managed to flee from the spot brandishing arms.A case of attempt to murder has been lodged with Gomtinagar police station, while Laxmi rushed to a nearby hospital, where she was still undergoing treatment.According to the police, the trouble started when electricity department staff came to fix a transformer, which had got burnt a day before. While the employees were trying to fix the fault, Parihar told them to do the work properly as lot of children play here. Probably irked over the same, the electricity employees left the place without fixing the fault.After this, Kamlesh called up the employees to fix the fault. When the electricity employees reached the place again, Kamlesh came in front of the Parihar's house and started abusing them. However, this was objected by Laxmi. Irked over it, Kamlesh slapped Laxmi twice and then went back to his house only to return with his licensed pistol and opened fire on Laxmi. Police later nabbed Kamlesh and recovered the pistol and live cartridges from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15374226", "title": "Opposition demands President's rule in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Attacking the Haryana government over the controversy involving state minister Gopal Kanda, opposition INLD on Monday alleged that \"criminal elements\" were getting political patronage and demanded imposition of President's rule in the state.\"Yesterday's incident in which Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's name figures is not an isolated one. Over the past several months, there have been a series of incidents, which indicate that the ruling party cares less for upholding the rule of law and criminal elements are ruling the roost,\" INLD president and former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala said at a press conference here.In a letter to Governor Jagannath Pahadia, Chautala demanded that the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Haryana should be dismissed and President's rule imposed in the state.\"Later, fresh elections should be held,\" he said.23-year-old former air hostess Geetika Sharma, who quit Kanda's company recently, allegedly committed suicide at her Ashok Vihar residence in north-west Delhi, depressed over continuing mental harassment allegedly by the 46-year-old Kanda.\"Geetika was also a trustee in Kanda's MDLR international school in Sirsa,\" Chautala claimed.46-year-old Kanda, an independent MLA from Sirsa, resigned as the minister of state for home affairs, urban bodies and industry and commerce, on Sunday night.At one time, Kanda was close to the Chautalas, but following a rift with them, he contested as an independent candidate from Sirsa, and won.He provided unconditional support to the Congress after it fell short by six seats in the 90-member Haryana assembly following the 2009 polls and also ensured support of other six independents enabling the party to form the government in Haryana.When asked if he would also ask for a probe on how Gopal Kanda had risen to become a multi-millionaire from just owning a small shoe factory in Sirsa just a decade back, Chautala said, \"it is for the Income Tax authorities and other government agencies to investigate\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15370492", "title": "Shroff, Katrak get some breathing space", "text": "PUNE: Trying to put an end to the Boldenone controversy, the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) has decided to expunge the punishment handed out to trainers Pesi Shroff and Cooji Katrak from their records.However, that will happen only if any fresh evidence comes up in future from Boehringer (manufacturer of the feed supplement) or any other source, proving that the feed supplements were not contaminated.\"The Board of Appeal had sent Pesi's and Cooji's cases back to the stewards saying the Maharashtra FDA's finding that the feed supplement samples were contaminated and should be considered as fresh evidence by the stewards,\" said RWITC chairman Vivek Jain, who chaired the stewards' meeting.\"To bring an end to the controversy we have decided to treat the case of Pesi and Cooji on the similar lines as Sheraz Sunderji,\" added Jain.Interestingly, Shroff had dragged the RWITC to court on the Boldenone case and the matter is still sub judice.\"We have requested Pesi to withdraw the case after we have cleared his records to bring the controversy to an end and he has told us that he will consider,\" said Jain.While Pesi Shroff-trained filly Eloise had tested positive after finishing third in the Indian 1000 Guineas, both Ocean And Beyond (Sunderji ) and Star Future's (Katrak) urine samples had tested positive after they had finished first and second, respectively, in the Indian 2000 Guineas.Both the races were held in December 2010 and 'Boldenone' was found in the urine samples of all the three horses. The horses were disqualified after their second samples too returned positive and the trainers were suspended.While Sunderji had accepted the punishment, both Shroff and Katrak had appealed against the punishment. Later Sunderji's punishment was expunged from the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15369513", "title": "Future lies in reform, not in returning to Mao era: Hu Jintao", "text": "BEIJING: Bracing for his retirement after a decade-long stint at the helm, President Hu Jintao has virtually ruled out China reverting to hardline policies of Mao Zedong saying the path of reform and opening up pioneered by moderate leader Deng Xiaoping should continue as they created \"miracles\".Saying that China should stick to Deng's path, Hu asserted that \"by following the socialist theory with Chinese characteristics, we have continuously created 'miracles' in improving people's living conditions\" . Hu said considering the success achieved by China by following Deng's line of socialism the country should stick to the path to deal with problems like global financial crisis.China daily slams India's Tibet policyAccusing India of following a two track policy on Tibet by supporting separatists on one hand while recognizing the region as part of China on the other, a Chinese daily on Sunday warned that exiled Tibetans may be a \"hidden danger\" to India's own stability in future. -- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15373908", "title": "Anna Hazare disbands team", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare has disbanded his team that was at the forefront of the Janlokpal movement.Announcing the move in his blog, Anna Hazare has said that there will be no more talks with the government on the issue of Lokpal Bill.Disbanding the core committee of his team, Anna Hazare said that the team was formed only to carry forward the Lokpal movement.Welcoming the move to provide political alternative to people, Anna Hazare said he will tour the country in search of clean and good candidates.He also reiterated that he will not contest any elections.Justifying the move to end agitation for Lokpal Bill, Anna has blogged that the time for fasts is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369482", "title": "No water scarcity in south Gujarat despite weak monsoon", "text": "SURAT: Surat is not likely to face any water scarcity during the year despite a weak monsoon in the state. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) in its contingency report to district collector has stated that there will be no problem with regard to water as the level at Ukai has crossed 322 feet.Jatin Shah, city engineer, SMC, said, \"We can safely say that there is not going to be any problem for the city. Once the water level touches 322 feet mark, our water requirement for the year is taken care of.\"Surat at present draws 820 MLD of water on a daily basis and of this 60 MLD is supplied to industries. It provides nearly 135 litres of water per person on a daily basis to a people in the city. \"If need be, we can cut the supply to industries,\" a SMC official said.RM Patel, engineer, irrigation department, said, \"In the past with water level at 326 feet, we have supplied not only water for irrigation in the region but also potable water to towns like Valsad and Navsari. We will have no problem in the region as the water level in the reservoir is at 324 feet and we still have another two months of the season left.\"Meanwhile, the water level at Ukai dam was 324 feet on Sunday and just 7 feet short of the rule level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368293", "title": "Autorickshaw union threatens strike over poor CNG supply", "text": "PUNE: The Rickshaw Panchayat, a major autorickshaw union in the city, has threatened to launch an indefinite bandh if the district and city authorities fail to provide adequate supply of CNG in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad by August 15.Autorickshaw drivers said they have to wait for three to four hours everyday to fill CNG in their vehicles at the gas filling stations in Pune and Pimpri-Chincwhad. Long queues of autorickshaws are seen at the filling centres at Narveer Tanajiwadi in Shivajinagar, and at the two filling stations in Kasarwadi and Chinchwad.Convenor of Rickshaw Panchayat, Nitin Pawar, said that last year on August 15, the union had held a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on various issues, including CNG supply. The chief minister had then issued instructions to government authorities to take steps for increasing the number of CNG outlets. He had said that CNG outlets should be provided at all petrol pumps as has been done in Mumbai.While the government has made it compulsory for autorickshaw drivers to run vehicles on CNG, it has not taken any steps to provide adequate number of outlets in the city, Pawar said. The issue has not been solved in six years, he added.\"The Rickshaw Panchayat has given an ultimatum to the government that it should solve the issue of CNG supply in the city by August 15. The chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and the district collectorate should immediately act on the issue,\" Pawar said.There is resentment among autorickshaw drivers, he added.Pawar added that on Rakshabandhan last Thursday, a majority of CNG supply was allotted to PMPML buses. Autorickshaw drivers had to wait in queue for nearly five hours.There are also complaints that some pump outlets take bribes to supply CNG to vehicles which are not in queue, and that traffic police fine autorickshaws for violating no-parking rules when they are parked in queue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371460", "title": "I am very much single: Katrina Kaif", "text": "Happiness has eluded her at least on two earlier occasions. Once, when her relationship with Salman Khan went bust and the second time, when her affair with Ranbir Kapoor ended on a sour note. However, Katrina Kaif who TOI caught up with on Friday evening was far more calm and collected than she has ever been before.Does it have anything to do with her current tag of reigning box office queen , as given by trade pundits?Kat (as she is fondly called) coolly said, \"My last film, Mere Brother Ki Dulhan released eleven months ago. I am happy with the pace I am working at. Earlier, I had less to fear (read: lose) but I felt more frightened. It will be so unlike me if I get interested in what others are doing. But yes, if someone wants to stand on a public platform and declare themselves in any position, I find it odd.\"The actress has changed and how! There are rumours, Ranbir is back in her life, we quiz her but she claims, \"I am very much single.\" Even when we prod her about the possibility of getting romantically involved with Salman once again during the one-and-a-half year of shooting closely with the actor, she replies without batting an eyelid, \"We were working in the film. Salman is a great friend and a co-star.\"What about those one or two occasions after parting ways when Salman had literally brought her to tears? One during rehearsals for some awards ceremony and the other during an episode of Bigg Boss 4. Kat replies, \"Salman has changed in many ways but in one respect, he is still the same. He still loves to pull people's legs. That's a personality trait. Otherwise, Salman is the happiest person to see me doing well in my career.\"But he did get argumentative about Kat's dress during the shoot of Ek Tha Tiger? To which, she simply says, \"Salman has this approach with every heroine. He is comfortable working with his heroines dressed in a particular way. This has been the case ever since Maine Pyaar Kiya days.\"But wouldn't many girls find such behaviour overbearing? \"I am definitely not one of them,\" she shoots back. Reportedly, Kat had nursed Salman when he was once again suffering from Trigeminal Neuralgia during the early days of the film's shoot. \"If someone is sick and you are not being considerate, that makes you a horrible person,\" she says.The conversation veers towards Salman's arch rival Shah Rukh Khan , with whom she is paired in Yash Chopra's next as director. \"I have learnt a lot from Shah Rukh,\" she says and adds, \"Especially the way he holds his gaze and approaches his dialogues.\"We couldn't cannot sign off without asking her about her film which is days away from release. \"Kabir Khan makes films from the heart. He and I are very good friends. There is so much positivity and comfort on his set. Ek Tha Tiger was not an exception. And it's a different film. Salman has not been in this space before since the longest time. As for my role, I play Zoya, who is a college student in Ireland . She meets Salman, whom she finds very funny because he comes across as uncomfortable with the girls,\" she says. The same can't be said of Salman in real life, we guess. Isn't it Kat?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15369682", "title": "A poetic way to spread awareness on breast feeding", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There will be no lightning of lamp, no ribbon cutting, no mundane speeches of ministers.The national rural health mission (NRHM) has decided to think differently this time to celebrate the world breast feeding week celebration starting on Monday.The NRHM has planned a unique kind of inauguration to spread the awareness on the need and importance of breast feeding. As many as 16 poets from different parts of the state will converge at the state capital on Monday to recite poems on motherhood.\"We were thinking of a different mode of inauguration to convey the message to the public. The idea is to involve the intellectuals in spreading the message,\" said NRHM managing director Dr M Beena.The programme titled Kavyanjali will have renowned poets including P Narayanakurup, Chunakkara Ramankutty and Ezhacherry Ramachandran present their poems.\"The theme of the poems will be mothers, children, parenting and motherhood,\" said P Premjith, the brain behind the programme and senior consultant at NRHM.World breastfeeding week is held during the first week of August and is celebrated in more than 170 countries.The week promotes the importance of breastfeeding for infant nutrition and health. This year's theme for breastfeeding week is \"understanding the past, planning the future: celebrating 10 years of WHO/UNICEF's global strategy for infant and young child feeding\".\"Breastfeeding is the best way to give newborns the nutrients they need. Breast milk is highly nutritious with easy-to-digest proteins and natural immunities that protect babies against disease and infection. Colostrum, the milk that is produced at birth, is not only dense in nutrients, but is rich in antibodies that protect babies from bacteria and viruses that cause infection. This will be the message we want to convey to the mothers through poems,\" said Premjith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15369443", "title": "People looking for change in Gujarat, says Union minister", "text": "SURAT: People in Gujarat want change and Congress will provide an alternative to the present BJP government in the state, Union minister of state for fertilizer and chemicals Srikant Jena said at an Oriya Samaj Mahasammelan here on Sunday.He said, \"It is time for people to realize their aspiration for change. The Oriya community is solidly behind Congress. However, Oriya people here have some basic problems with regard to education and habitation.\"The mahasammelan was also attended by state unit Congress president Arjun Modhwadia and Union minister Dr Tushar Chaudhary.Modhwadia said, \"People are looking at parivartan. An impressive number of young voters is supporting Congress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369952", "title": "Drug addicts make most of uncontrolled sale of cough syrups", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra has sounded alarm over uncontrolled sale of cough syrups, saying they were being misused to cater to young drug addicts. The state government has blamed the sale of syrups as much on unscrupulous chemists as on manufacturers who are incentivizing illegal sales for huge profit margins.The syrups that help ease bad throats are tricky medicine because they contain codeine phosphate, an opiate that gives the 'high' associated with drugs. Seeking urgent action, the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) of Maharashtra has asked the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority to fix the price of syrups and the manufacturers' trade margin to retailers to curb wanton misuse.Cough syrups have long been an irritant for authorities with tales of their abuse by youngsters and poor. However, an oversight has been impossible since they cater to a common problem like cough and bad throat.The FDA has concluded through its raids on chemists that their high quantity of procurement of cough syrups was disproportionate to expected sales. The FDA found that purchase and sale figures of some of the leading brands were as high as 1,000 to 30,000 bottles in nine months. Also, these syrups were sold without prescription or sales bills.\"Most cough syrups are abused by drug addicts and create social instability, especially among the youth. Due to its Codeine content, consumers get addicted. Obviously, these chemists have sold these cough syrups for addiction purpose,\" Mahesh Zagade, Commissioner, FDA, said in the letter to the Centre.The Maharashtra administrator pointed out the alarming situation by citing that it had cancelled 40 licences and suspended another 252 licences of medicine outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15368112", "title": "Candolim hotel ransacked by mob", "text": "CANACONA: Jaspreet Singh, manager at the Sunshine Park Resort, Candolim, lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that at 8am on Saturday a group of around 15-20 people barged into the hotel and damaged property worth Rs 1,50,000.The complaint stated that the mob, some with their faces covered, were armed with hockey sticks, baseball bats. They threatened a security guard and smashed glass panes of the reception area and adjoining bar. They also damages windows of a stff member's parked car.Singh informed the Calangute police station who have registered a case. PSI Devyani Naik is conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373436", "title": "Having kids may improve women\u2019s memory", "text": "Researchers have found that new mothers have a better memory - the findings that counter the belief that women experience a decline in memory and cognitive function after they have children.Suddenly becoming scatty and forgetful has long been seen as part and parcel of becoming a mother.But scientists say so-called 'baby brain' may be a myth and, in fact, having a child may actually improve a woman's memory.In a series of experiments, new mothers scored better on tests of visuospatial memory - the ability to perceive and remember information about their surroundings - compared with women who didn't have children.\"You don't have to feel that because you have kids, your memory isn't the same,\" the Daily Mail quoted Melissa Santiago from Carlos Albizu University in Miami as saying while presented her findings to a meeting of the American Psychological Association.Santiago analyzed information from 35 first-time mothers whose children were aged 10 to 24 months, and 35 women who had never been pregnant.Both groups - primarily comprising Hispanic women - scored similarly on intelligence tests.To test visuospatial memory, the women were shown a paper containing six symbols for 10 seconds, and then asked to draw what they remembered. This task was repeated several times.The first time women were shown the paper, both groups remembered about the same amount.But on the second and third occasions, mothers performed better than those without children, indicating that the mothers garnered more information each time than the other women.Later, the women were shown a variety of different symbols, and asked to remember which ones were present on the earlier task. Again, the mothers displayed a better memory.In pregnancy many physiological changes happen to the body, and previous research has suggested the brain even shrinks up to five per cent.But it returns to its normal size six months after childbirth, and during this time of re-growth, the brain may re-map itself in a way that is responsible for the memory changes seen in the study, Santiago said.She said her findings would need to be verified by testing a larger sample of women of different ethnicities over a longer period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369170", "title": "Metro medians turn garbage dumps", "text": "BANGALORE: Garbage contractors appear determined to ruin the city's aesthetics. Under pressure to find space to dump waste, they have begun offloading debris in medians between Namma Metro pillars. What was planned to be a colourful bed of flowers has become home for stinking heaps of garbage all along Reach 1 on the MG Road-Byappanahalli route.Bangalore produces 5,000 metric tonnes of waste every day. But there are no landfills to dispose this of in a scientific manner. Result: garbage contractors end up dumping waste indiscriminately in vacant sites or on the city outskirts. Sadly, the city's pride that runs along MG Road, CMH Road and Old Madras Road, has to bear the burden of the stench too.In fact, the problem posed by garbage on Metro medians is not limited to stench and visual outrage. The muck draws stray animals that scavenge waste and litter it all over the place. There is a danger of birds, or even wind for that matter, scattering it on the electrified tracks, bringing Metro operations to a halt.In December last, operations on Reach 1 came to a halt for 30 minutes after plastic bags filled with waste were found on the tracks on CMH Road. Throwing waste either on the track or on the medians is an offence, senior BMRC officials said.\"On Reach-1, we have completed work on installing a water harvesting system along the medians, and are putting in place the same on Reaches 3 and 4. In fact, we are in the process of setting up flower beds on Reach 1 with assistance from the horticulture department. But miscreants have been dumping debris and garbage along the median, making our work difficult. We have been coordinating with the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) to tackle this issue and book the culprits. The Palike has promised to seize vehicles and fine the drivers,\" they said.Most of this garbage-dumping happens early in the morning or late at night when roads are largely empty.\"While going on morning walks, we see garbage dumped in the middle of the road and Metro medians. This is just not tolerable,\" said Gopinath M, resident of Indiranagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15369005", "title": "Garhwa to start online pension in October", "text": "GARHWA: The district administration is all set to make pension withdrawal easier by making the entire process online. \"This arrangement has been made by the district administration so that there is no delay in payment of pensions,\" said Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar. The decision of online payment of pension was taken at a recent review meeting chaired by the SDM and attended by social planning director Seema Kumari Udaipuriya and all block development officers (BDOs) of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368047", "title": "Rain in some parts of the Jaipur brings relief", "text": "JAIPUR: After a prolonged spell of dry weather, torrential rains lashed many places in and around the state capital on Sunday evening. Pink city witnessed rainfall of 33.2 mm accompanied with high velocity winds that lasted for almost 35 minutes in the evening.The weather mainly remained dry in the state; however rains accompanied with high velocity dust storms of 90 kms/hour was witnessed in Jaipur.According to the Met office here, the rain activity was confined to the areas including Raja Park, Malviya Nagar, Sanganer and JLN Marg. It, however, remained elusive in rest of the city.After the rain, heavy water logging made the city traffic chaotic especially in the areas including statue circle, JLN Marg, Teen Murti Circle and Jawahar Nagar. Some of the colonies in the city also witnessed abrupt power cuts as discoms took precautionary measure during rains.People from all walks of life came out and thronged at the joints at Gaurav towers, MGF Mall and Statue Circle to enjoy the pleasant weather.The mercury also dipped four notches in the evening with the maximum temperature going down to 29 degrees Celsius in the city.However, no flight movement was affected between 7.45 pm to 8.30 pm when rains lashed the city including the airport area.No untoward incidents were also reported in the city, but in some areas, trees were uprooted. At Nahargarh road, a camel cart overturned during high speed winds, while heavy water logging was witnessed at the basement of the SMS hospital.The rain activity was less in the state except in southern Rajasthan where many places in Kota, Jhalwar and Baran witnessed mild to moderate showers.The Met office said rainfall will be revived in the state in the next 48 hours when mild to moderate showers would be witnessed in the state especially in the southern and eastern parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369468", "title": "\u2018Stress affects milk production\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To emphasize the importance of breastfeeding and create awareness about it, a Mohali-based private hospital is also marking the World Breastfeeding Week. During an event, the doctors deliberated on the affect of stress and production of milk in mothers. Dr Ritambhra Bhalla and Dr Manninder Hundal were the main speakers who addressed mothers-to-be and mothers who had recently had babies. About 50 women participated in this event. They were educated on the importance of breast feeding through an educational movie, besides the lectures.\"Stress mainly in working mothers has been a main factor in poor or no milk production. This can also lead to depression after delivery,\" said Dr Bhalla.As a rule, in India mothers breastfeed their infants for a year and sometimes longer, till the birth of the second child. But these days, due to paucity of time and as a matter of convenience, some mothers choose to shift to powdered, bottled milk as a substitute for breast milk. During the lectures, knowledge and practices were assessed through a questionnaire and it was found that only 20% had exclusively breastfed their child.The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) in May 2012 had voiced alarm over decline in breastfeeding across East Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15367997", "title": "Nodal police stations to deal with fake notes in districts", "text": "JAIPUR: Considering the alarming rise in circulation of counterfeit currency notes across the state, the department of home is planning to have a nodal police station dealing with fake currency cases at every district in the state. All modalities for the purpose have been finalized and within a fortnight's time the notification in this regard would be issued.Attributing the need of having dedicated police stations for investigating fake currency notes cases to the alarming rise in the smuggling of fake currency and excessive circulation in nationalized and private sector banks, senior police officers on Monday confirmed that four such police stations are identified in Jaipur.\"Every district in the state will have this nodal police station dealing with cases of counterfeit currency notes. It is learnt that whenever bank authorities find the fake currency notes in an area where their branch is situated, they go from pillar to post to get a proper investigation since police stations are held up in other responsibilities,\" said Kapil Garg, additional director general (crime).He said a police station for every district including four police stations for Jaipur have been identified which would be assigned to the job of registering and investigating fake currency note cases.Garg was directed by the department of home to chalk out a proposal with a list of police stations which would be assigned the task. \"I have sent my report to them. Now, we are awaiting the final notification in this regard,\" Garg added.According to the sources from the police intelligence wing, gone are the days when smuggling of counterfeit currency notes in Rajasthan was confined to border districts alone, including Sriganganagar, Bikaner, Hanumangarh, Barmer and Jaisalmer, as the Mewat region comprising Alwar, Bharatpur and Dholpur has emerged as a new bastion for the smugglers.Senior police officers who were part of various investigations of fake currency notes said the triple returns in the criminal and illegal business have lured several youths of Mewat region covering Alwar and Bharatpur districts and some parts of Haryana to smuggle counterfeit currency notes.Many officers said the situation has reached an alarming level. \"Counterfeit currency notes with face values of at least Rs 1 crore have been seized in three years from various parts of the state and at least 50 people have been arrested in such cases. Thus, a strong mechanism against circulation of fake currency is needed,\" a senior police officer said.Officers of the special operations group ( SOG) have also written to the police headquarters seeking prompt intervention in tightening the noose around smugglers of fake currency notes in the state. \"We are sharing information with Bharatpur police and have urged them to put in efforts to curb circulation of fake notes,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "15369997", "title": "After recovery of three mobiles, Mansa jail officials' working under scanner", "text": "MANSA: Close on the heels of a Mansa jail inmate threatening an outsider of dire consequences if demand of ransom is not met through mobile phone, now Mansa police has recovered three mobile phones from six undertrial inmates. Police are investigating as to how the mobiles were taken inside and then kept secretly. With the recovery of three mobiles in one go, the working of jail authorities too has come under scanner.Mansa Sadar SHO Buta Singh said, \"Three mobiles phones have been recovered from one of the barracks upon searching. The police had made searches on the complaint of jail higher authorities.\" The inmates from whom mobiles have been recovered are facing charges of snatchings, dacoity.Sources said the inmates were remaining in contact with criminals through mobiles phones despite being arrested. They have been identified as Makhan Singh, Kuldeep Singh, Ajaib Singh and Gurlal Singh of Raipur village, Harpreet Singh of Jagaram Tirath and Kamaljit Singh of Budhlada. The SIM cards are learnt to have been purchased on different names.Only recently another inmate had called Amit Kumar of Bareta in Mansa for ransom and had threatened to eliminate if the demand is not met.Mansa jail superintendent Jagir Singh said, \"During searches on Saturday we have found mobiles in barrack number 5 (basically meant for women , since no woman was there, men were kept in this barrack) and accordingly had informed the police, which after recovering three mobiles has registered case against six inmates\".Jail superintendent confirmed about a month ago too an inmate had threatened an outsider from jail, but then he was not posted here. He said the role of insiders too is being investigated on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ah,dabad", "code": "15375250", "title": "Gujarat CM to celebrate Independence day in Junagadh", "text": "AH,DABAD: Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi will unfurl the national flag at the state-level 66th Independence Day function to be held this year at Junagadh on August 15. It will be followed by tree plantation drive at the venue.Different ministers and parliamentary secretaries will hoist the flag at different district- level Independence Day functions to be held at the following places: Among the cabinet ministers Vajubhai Vala will be at Mundra (Kutch), Narottam Patel at Kamrej (Surat), Anandiben Patel at Radhanpur (Patan), Nitin Patel at Mandal (Ahmedabad), Dilip Sanghani at Mahuva (Bhavnagar), Fakirbhai Vaghela at Vadgam (Banaskantha), Jay Narayan Vyas at Dehgam ( Gandhinagar ), Ramanlal Vora at Umreth (Anand) and Mangubhai Patel at Kaprada (Valsad).While the minister of state Saurabh Patel at Amreli (Amreli), Jashwantsinh Bhabhor at Vansda (Navsari), Kiritsinh Rana at Porbandar (Porbandar), Parsottam Solanki at Halvad (Surendranagar), Parbat Patel at Dwarka (Jamnagar), Jaysinh Chauhan at Malpur (Sabarkantha), Vasan Ahir at Devgarhbaria (Dahod), Vasuben Trivedi at Jamkandorna (Rajkot), Pradeepsinh Jadeja at Dediapada (Narmada), Praful Patel at Kadi (Mehsana), Liladhar Vaghela at Mahudha (Kheda), Jaydrathsinh Parmar at Godhra (Panchmahals), Jitendra Sukhadia at Dabhoi (Vadodara), Ishwarsinh Patel at Vagra (Bharuch) and Ranjit Gilitwala at Vyara (Tapi).Parliamentary secretary Harshad Vasava will unfurl national flag at Ahwa in the Dangs district. Minister of state Kanubhai Bhalala will join the Chief Minister at Junagadh, Mohanbhai Kundaria will join Parsottam Solanki at Halvad, Sundarsinh Chauhan will join Ramanlal Vora at Umreth, Lavjibhai Rajani will join Parbat Patel at Dwarka and Yogesh Patel will join Jitendra Sukhadia at Dabhoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15374279", "title": "Reporting on troop movement: SC issues notice to Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has sought the Centre's stand on a plea by the Press Council of India (PCI) against an Allahabad high court order restraining media from reporting on movement of troops.A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad issued notice to the Union government, seeking its reply.The high court had directed various Central and state government authorities on April 10 \"to ensure that there is no reporting/release of any news item by the print or electronic media on the movement of troops.\"The petition filed by the office of PCI chairman and former apex court judge Markandeya Katju, has submitted that the high court's order was in violation of the fundamental right under Article 19(1) (a) of the Constitution, granted to the media and every citizen of the country.The high court's order had come on a PIL filed by a social activist relating to a report in The Indian Express on April 4. The report pertained to the purported movements of some Army troops towards New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15371744", "title": "Salman\u2019s buddy dines with Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "On Saturday night, fashion designer Anna Singh and husband Jaiveer decided to have a quiet dinner and celebrate the latter's birthday at a Bandra nightspot. Little did Anna know that she would bump into her buddy Salman Khan's arch rival Shah Rukh and end up having dinner together. Interestingly, it was the same venue where the Khans had fought four years ago and parted ways.An eyewitness told us, \"Anna was with her husband Jaiveer, Chunkey Pandey and Suhel Seth. SRK was dining with his friend Karim Morani and Chennai Express director Rohit Shetty at a nearby table.\"Anna, who had always shared a good rapport with Shah Rukh, invited the gang over. \"It was very clear that Anna has very high regards for SRK and vice-versa. Jaiveer too seemed to get along famously with the actor,\" added the eyewitness.So what was supposed to be a quiet dinner between friends turned into a private party of sorts. SRK was earlier spotted at Kuki Gulati and Smriti Shinde's bash at a five star in Bandra Kurla Complex. A source revealed that the actor had directly come to the restaurant for a quiet dinner with friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367819", "title": "Western Railway Dahanu track project hits green roadblock", "text": "MUMBAI: Work on additional railway lines in Dahanu has been stayed for want of environmental clearance.In 1991, the area was declared 'an ecologically fragile area' by the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Dahanu taluka has green cover, with mangroves, saltpans and mudflats comprising 3%, orchards 6%, irrigated agricultural land 10% and forests 39%.The Western Railway (WR) general manager has been directed to submit its proposal for environmental clearance either to the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) or the MoEF before going ahead with its work.The MCZMA passed the orders following complaints by the Dahanu Area Sustainable Development Association (DASDA). In its complaint last December, the group pointed out that to lay the foundation of bridges, the railways had filled up 30% to 35% of Savta creek and 65% of Dandi creek. \"The free flow of water has been obstructed and this will result in flooding in the eastern parts of Dahanu. Many villages will be affected in case of heavy rain,\" said DASDA president Nandadeep Kokane. A WR spokesperson said the administration was unaware of the order. \"The two bridges were being constructed in lieu of old ones, which are to be decommissioned,\" said a WR spokesperson.\"The work is being carried out in the railway area and care is being taken to ensure that the obstruction to the flow of water is minimal. The embankment is temporary and will be removed soon,\" he added.The Western Railway has been directed to submit its proposal for environmental clearance either to the MCZMA or the MoEF before going ahead with laying tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369400", "title": "Unidentified body found in train", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Government Railway Police at Allahabad junction station on Sunday afternoon found an unidentified body of a man from a toilet of a sleeper coach of Prayagraj Express running between Allahabad and New Delhi.The body was first noticed by the sanitary staff. They in turn informed the GRP which took the body in its custody. GRP officials said the deceased person was around 40 year old and appeared to be a beggar who might have boarded the train without ticket. GRP said efforts were underway to ascertain the identity of the deceased after which the body would be sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368331", "title": "Three youths killed in road accident", "text": "PUNE: Three youths lost their lives on Sunday after the car in which they were travelling, crashed into a container near a petrol pump near Somatane phata, around 30 kms from here, on the Mumbai-Pune highway. The incident took place around 2 am on Sunday.The Talegaon Dabhade police have identified the deceased as Mayur Dilip Bhandwalkar (24), Ravindra Vinayak Karande (24) and Rohit Rajesh Sengar (24) all residents of Talegaon Dabhade.The police said around 2 am, a container was coming on to the road after filling diesel from the petrol pump. While the driver was turning the container towards Pune, the speeding car, which was coming from Pune, crashed into the container. \"The impact was such that the car went under the container and got stuck there,\" said police sub-inspector of the Talegaon Dabhade police station Jyoti Patil.The three youths died on the spot. The police reached the spot and removed the car with the help of a crane. \"The victims were rushed to a nearby hospital, where they were declared dead on arrival,\" Patil said.The police said that Bhandwalkar, Karande, and Sengar were childhood friends. They were staying in the same locality. On Saturday night the trio had decided to go to Mumbai to drop Sengar's uncle, who stays abroad, at the airport. However, they did not go up to Mumbai. They sent Sengar's uncle in another vehicle and headed back. \"We are investigating why the trio travelled towards Pune, as the incident took place when they were returning from Pune to Talegaon Dabhade,\" said a police officer.Bhandwalkar, who was the son of Talegaon Municipal Council's former chairman Vijaya Bhandwalkar, was pursuing his management degree from a private college in Pimpri. Karande was a software engineer and was working in a software company at Hinjewadi. Sengar was also a software engineer and was running his own business.The police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15374556", "title": "Police seeks Maharashtra govt's nod to confront Kasab with Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch has sought permission of the Maharashtra government to confront 26/11 terror attack convict Ajmal Kasab with his alleged handler Abu Jundal.The decision to bring the two face-to-face was taken after Jundal made some revelations during his interrogation about training being imparted to terrorists in Pakistan and that he had taught Hindi to the 26/11 attackers, crime branch sources said.The letter was sent to the state government last week and reply is awaited.Jundal had also said that he met American LeT operative David Headley, a co-accused in the 26/11 attacks.Kasab will be confronted with these revelations to corroborate the version of Jundal, the sources said.Jundal was allegedly in contact with two terrorists during the siege of Chabad House, a Jewish outreach centre, during the Mumbai attacks on November 26, 2008.Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, 31, from Beed district of Maharashtra, was arrested in the 26/11 case on July 21 by Mumbai Police after he was brought here from Delhi, where he was apprehended in another case after being deported from Saudi Arabia.Jundal is in crime branch custody till August 13. He is also wanted in other cases in Maharashtra, including the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case, 2010 German Bakery blast case and for hatching a conspiracy to attack Nashik Police Academy.His custody in these cases would be possible only after his interrogation in the 26/11 case is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373324", "title": "Kristen Stewart's sex scenes in new flick", "text": "Kristen Stewart, who recently admitted to cheating on her boyfriend Robert Pattinson with married director Rupert Sanders, is set to bring more embarrassment on the already distraught actor by indulging in sex scenes in her new movie.The controversial scenes in 'On the Road' might prove to be an awkward viewing for heartbroken Pattinson, who is holed up in the holiday pad of co-star Resee Witherspoon after splitting with Stewart.\"He is keeping a low profile before On The Road is screened in London on August 16,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source as saying.\"He's bracing himself because there's a scene where Kristen gets involved with two men,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369517", "title": "Link to catch up with corporate world", "text": "MYSORE: This online programme is aimed at facilitating students entering the corporate world.Navin Goel of Campus connect, an online company, on Friday said the 'Campus connect profiling programme' will enable students to become proficient in corporate sector. \"Students can access, send or share their personal profile to any number of companies. Unlimited industry information updates and assistance from the organizing campus recruitment drives are available on the website,\" said Goel.Speaking during an introductory session on 'Campus connect profiling programme' organized by University of Mysore's Centre for Proficiency Development and Placement Services (CPDPS), Goel called upon the students to prove his detractors that they are not lagging behind anyone with regard to technology.Goel explained about the programme and explained its functioning to access online practice and preparation tool in aptitude, logic, technology, language and reasoning.Joint director, collegiate education, Mysore region insisted on students to develop curiosity to acquire knowledge and creativity.As many as 200 students participated in the event.An MOU has been signed between VNV solutions (Campus Connect) and University of Mysore to facilitate both undergraduate and postgraduate students here. The Centre for Proficiency and Placement Services (CPDPS) and University of Mysore will make familiar with online creation of students profiles and periodic assessment of overall proficiency levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368682", "title": "Revellers rounded up from lounge", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has rounded up around 77 persons, including 31 women, from a lounge in Giripeth in the wee hours of Sunday. Apart from the revellers, it is learnt that the police have also booked the owner, management and other staffers of the multi-cuisine joint identified as 'Mangi Forever'.It is learnt that the cops raided the premises when the party was in the full flow, with a DJ playing music and participants swinging to the blaring tunes. Police said the management did not have permission for a DJ to perform but the party revolved around him. Sources also claimed that several scantily clad women were found grooving on the dance floor when police reached the place.The revellers and management representatives were whisked away to Sitabuldi police station where they were booked under relevant sections of the Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15367641", "title": "Evicted by city lanlord, 32-year-old victim of rare genetic disorder struggles to pay for her treatment", "text": "GURGAON: At 32 years, Payel Bhattacharya has already undergone eight major surgeries including a liver transplant and brain tumor operation.Payel suffers from rare genetic disorder called Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL), wherein blood tumours keep forming in the blood vessels.However, Payel is a survivor and her zeal for life has not diminished even as she faces and overcomes every obstacle in life with determination.Things became very tough for Payel when she was evicted from her house in Gurgaon by her landlord as he thought she is suffering from a contagious disease. She shifted to Delhi but the apartment as well as the locality does not make for a healthy ambience. \"It was safe so we moved here but the staircase is too narrow and I find it difficult to climb, especially since I have to take the support of a stick to walk,\" says Payel. Absence of ventilation, the distance from Gurgaon where she has to regularly go to see doctors have made things even more difficult for her. \"But the biggest challenge is to regularly ensure that I have Rs 35,000 which is the monthly cost of my medcines,\" Payal adds.Unaware of the genetic disorder, Payel had undergone her first surgery at the age of 12 to remove a tumour in the left forefoot. It was not before 2006, when she underwent a brain tumour surgery, that doctors diagnosed her with Von Hippel-Lindau.The biggest shock came just four months after that, when she was diagnosed with tumours in her liver.She was saved in a first-of-its- kind of surgery, which required Rs 22 lakh. Payel informed that she could manage this surgery through donations.Payel adds that she suffered from minor stroke and paralysis of left side after her brain tumour surgeries. However, she overcame the ailment and has been left with a minor sense of numbness in her left palm. She is on a life-long medication of three anti-convulsants.Her father's death in 2009 made Payel's life even more difficult as he was the pillar of strength in her life. He could not undergo heart surgery to remove more than 80% blockage due to lack of funds. His retirement benefits were exhausted on Payel's previous surgeries.\"After my father, it is my younger brother who I am very close to. He is always afraid of losing me as he stays in Mumbai for work,\" Payel says.While life has been tough, Payel has fought back and has continued tobe zestful. \"I love life and want to live it to the fullest. My genetic disorder is incurable but not terminal. It can recur, but with right treatment and a balanced lifestyle, it can be checked,\" says Payel.She adds, \"Sometimes I can't sleep because of shortness of breath and pain. But I can't give up. I relax by writing and reading. I need far-sighted friends and well-wishers to help me in my jouney.\"Financial expenses remain the biggest worry for Payel. Given her genetic disorder, emergency can crop up any time and her life could be in danger.\"Many donors pay for one or two months. What people do not understand is that I need lifelong medical support. I can lead a normal life with medicines, but my resources are limited and fast exhausting,\" says Payel.She solicits help from companies, NGOs and charitable organizations. Those who are interested in helping Payel Bhattacharya can contact her on +91 9711197537.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15368861", "title": "Admission begins at Bhubaneswar AIIMS", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The much-awaited admission process for Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here has begun.The Union ministry of health and family welfare has asked the 50 students, who were selected for admission on the basis of the all-India AIIMS entrance examination on June 1, to verify their credentials such as of proof of educational qualification, category and date of birth at the institute latest by August 10 and deposit admission fee of Rs 20,000. Around five selected students have already reported for verification of their documents in the past few days, AIIMS sources said.AIIMS Bhubaneswar director-designate Dr Ashok Kumar Mahapatra said, \"Once I join, I would like to complete the admission procedure at the earliest. However, some paper works are still pending for his deputation to Bhubaneswar from AIIMS New Delhi for three years. \"I applied for the deputation on July 16. Unfortunately, the clearance is taking a long time though I would like to move to Bhubaneswar at the earliest,\" said Dr Mahapatra, professor of neurosurgery at AIIMS, New Delhi. Once AIIMS authorities clear his application for deputation, it will go for final nod from the health ministry. Around six faculty members have already joined.Dr Mahapatra said the admission process will complete by August 30 and classes will start early in September. \"I would strive to make it on a par with AIIMS, New Delhi,\" he had earlier said.Just like the five other AIIMS in Bhopal, Jodhpur, Raipur , Patna and Rishikesh, 27 general category, 13 OBC, seven SC and three ST students were selected for admission to the institute. There are eight students from Odisha in the list of 50.According to students' choice, AIIMS Bhopal has been the most sought after among the six institutes. As many as 20 students from the top 100 list have opted for it. As far as AIIMS Bhubaneswar is concerned, ranks of students opting for it range from 40 to 203. There are two students from the top 100 list. AIIMS Jodhpur has also proved to be a popular choice among top ranking students with 12 of the first 100 rank holders choosing it.Sources said city AIIMS students would be temporarily housed in private apartments around the upcoming institute at Sijua. Though construction at the around 100-acre campus at Sijua is going at a fast pace, staff quarters and students' hostels are not ready as yet. The Centre has requested the state to arrange private flats to accommodate the students and staff on a temporary basis.The associated hospital with the institute is expected to be functional by March 2013. Once fully functional, the proposed 978-bed hospital, built under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana, is supposed to have 15 super speciality and 18 speciality wards. Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had in 2003 laid foundation stone for the super-speciality hospital coming up at an estimated cost of Rs 850 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369528", "title": "Bouncers on UT cops\u2019 radar after brawls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bouncers entrusted with the task of maintaining order at discotheques and at private parties are themselves crossing the line. In the wake of several scuffles of late, police have decided to keep a tab on the bouncers.In an effort to curb unauthorized methods being employed by bouncers to control unruly visitors at discos and also to check their internal rivalries, the police department has now decided to procure details regarding the antecedents and backgrounds of all the bouncers employed with a dozen discotheques in the city.The decision came following three recently reported incidents of brawls involving bouncers. And in one of the incidents, bouncers of a rival disco entered another disco and thrashed its manager Gulab Singh in Sector 26 on July 8.The bouncers Satwinder and Karam Singh were arrested under preventive measures. A day after the incident, another incident took place, where a bouncer assaulted a person outside a Sector 8 disco. Three bouncers Lalla, Akhil and Gurpreet Singh were held for bashing up a Sector 26 trader Sahil Vazir, first inside and then outside a disco in Sector 9 in November 2011. The three bouncers had thrashed a drunk Vazir mercilessly. Inspector Neeraj Sarna, SHO of the Sector 3 police station said, \"Disco-owners have been instructed to provide residential addresses and antecedents of bouncers and these details would be cross-checked from the police stations, under whose jurisdiction the bouncers are living.\"Nine main discotheques out of a dozen fall under the jurisdiction of sectors 3 and 26 police stations. Regular party-goers said the prime reason behind involvement of bouncers in thrashing incidents is professional rivalry among discos and bouncers themselves. SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh has also issued instructions to disco owners to post more bouncers outside the discotheques than inside these after a recent incident where a girl was molested outside a disco in Sector 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369340", "title": "NHAI board to decide on fate of Delhi-Gurgaon expressway today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), it seems, has developed cold feet over its ongoing tussle with the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway operator.The authority had issued a show-cause notice to the operator -- Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) - in February this year on why its contract should not be terminated, which the developer challenged in the Delhi High Court. In the last court hearing, the NHAI told the court that it was close to clinching an out-of-court settlement.However, as an afterthought, the authority sought the highways ministry advice on how to proceed in the matter. The ministry washed its hands off, saying NHAI was competent to decide on its own since it was a party to the agreement and the road belongs to it. \"The matter is sub-judice. The decision will be put before the court. The issue is between NHAI and the developer. They have to submit their opinion in court,\" highways minister C P Joshi said.Delhi HC has directed both the parties to submit their settlement proposal before the court on August 9. Sources said after both the ministry and highway authority did not show interest in finding a way out, the issue was referred to the NHAI board so that a collective decision involving inter-ministerial representation could be taken. The board includes the NHAI chairman, highways and expenditure secretaries and member secretary of Planning Commission.\"The NHAI board meeting has been scheduled for Monday with the expressway issue being the main agenda,\" a senior government official said.Sources said in case the board refers the matter back to NHAI, then the authority has to take a decision. \"Things have become complicated in the past few weeks. First, the NHAI issued termination notice, which was challenged by the developer and its financiers. After holding talks, the authority told the court that an out-of-court settlement was being worked out. In the last hearing, both NHAI and the developer told the court that they only needed to formalize the agreement and it would be done soon,\" the official said.He added that NHAI's U-turn after its last submission before the court could become controversial. Already, some highway developers have raised the issue of termination of the expressway contract with the minister claiming that such a move would dampen the interest of developers in highway projects.However, a section of highway ministry feels that considering the alleged \"fraudulent\" practice of DGSCL, stern action should be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369635", "title": "National Law School of India University convocation: Girls shine brighter, bag 27 of the 32 gold medals", "text": "BANGALORE: Girl power was in full bloom at the 20th convocation of National Law School of India University (NLSIU) on Sunday. Fifteen of the 18 medal-winning graduates were girls who walked with 27 of the 32 gold medals. The showstopper, however, was a boy: Krishnaprasad KV, who won 13 gold medals and bagged the Best Student Award this year.The 23-year-old lad from Kerala will go to Oxford University where he'll pursue Bachelor of Civil Law (BCL). \"I want to be a teacher at any of the law colleges. I am in love with the subject and feel that teaching is one of the best ways to be intellectually engaged with it. Moreover, my parents are teachers and it is in my blood,\" said an ecstatic Krishnaprasad.He has plans to get enrolled for a DPhil course at Oxford. \"I will return and get into teaching here,\" he said.Next on NLSIU's roll of honour was Rhodes scholar Vrinda Bhandari with seven gold medals. She will also join Krishnaprasad at Oxford for the one-year BCL course. Still undecided on whether to teach or litigate, Vrinda said: \"I certainly won't like to take up corporate law. My focus will be 'access to justice' and its various aspects.\"Vrinda said her stint with NLSIU was the best thing that has ever happened. \"As a 17-year-old , you really do not know what to do and how to go about your dreams. NLSIU taught me a lot of real-life lessons as well,\" she said.Like them, most NLSIU graduates have their future plans chalked out. Mallika Abidi, the third ranker, is all set to join a private firm in London and get first-hand experience before she goes in for a specialization. Postgraduate topper Natasha R's next stop is New York Law School. Natasha graduated from Punjab University and is keen on practising as an in-house legal advisor.Jayanthi Natarajan, Union minister of state, environment and forest, who gave away the medals, said: \"Education and law are the most fundamentally empowering tools of democracy. Lawyers will always be needed and be instrumental to society and the economy. The opportunities that current-generation lawyers will get are different from courtrooms and legal briefs I began my career with,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15373850", "title": "Act against defaulting institutions: Bombay HC to govt", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra government to examine to what extent the benefits of increased fee-structure have passed on to teachers and, particularly, to retired employees.A division bench consisting of judges SC Dharmadhikari and MT Joshi issued the directives while hearing a petition filed by retired principal Baban Narad seeking implementation of the recommendations of fifth and sixth pay commissions by his employer Shivaji Shikshan Prasarak Mandal and its unaided college NS Ganguwar College of Education, Gadchiroli.The judges have asked the government to find out if there are any lapses in the implementation and to inform them what action it intends to take against the defaulting institutions. The court has also instructed the government to direct the state higher education secretary to treat the petition as illustration and steps within three months from the date of this order.The court has also stated that if any amount is payable to the petitioner by his employer and its management, the secretary should issue appropriate orders and ensure that the petitioner gets his dues in accordance with the two panels' recommendations.DN Mathur appeared for the petitioner, while VN Morande (employer-institution) and Ambareesh Joshi (state) represented the respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15372770", "title": "Opera wants Apple to change iPhone &amp; iPad app policies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opera Software, the Norway-based company behind Opera browsers available on computers and mobiles, wants Apple to change several policies related to third-party web-browsers in iOS store. Unless the rules, which give Apple a tight control over the type of apps and content that can be served in the app store, are changed, Opera says it can't offer the full version of its browsers on iPad and iPhone.\"Opera believes the web is best when consumers can freely choose the browser they use. We wish that the rules are changed in the future to allow Opera Mobile (our full-fledged mobile browser) in iOS store, just as it is possible on other platforms like Android ,\" Shwetank Dixit, web evangelist at Opera Software, told TOI.Currently, Opera Mini is available on iOS store. Apple's policies mandate that for iOS devices, third-party browsers have to use Apple supplied web-kit to process web browsing. This web kit is considered slower than the one used in Safari, Apple's own browser, reportedly putting third-party web browsers at a disadvantage. Safari is also the default web browser on iPad and iPhone and users cannot change it.\"Right now we offer Opera Mini on the iOS platform. The way Opera Mini gets around this issue is that all the processing is actually done on a proxy server and not on the iOS device. If we had not used a proxy based solution in Opera Mini then we would have been required to use the native browser engine,\" said Dixit.With companies like Apple and Microsoft looking to control the apps and content on their respective platforms, the future may turn out to be vastly different for firms like Opera that rely on the free web to reach users. While Apple already has a 'walled-garden' approach for iPads and iPhones, Microsoft will introduce an app store in Windows 8, the operating software that will power the company's next generation tablets.Microsoft reportedly mandates that all third-party web browsers for Windows RT, the ARM version of Windows 8, will have access to only WinRT API and not Win32 API even though the company's own browser Internet Explorer will have full access to all system resources. This may put the third-party web browsers at a disadvantage.While Opera refused to comment on Windows 8 app store, Mozilla Foundation, which maintains Firefox browsers has been critical of Microsoft on this issue. According to reports, European Union has also noticed the issue and has started a probe to make sure that it is not anti-competitive in nature.Sunil Kamath, Opera's sales director for India and SAARC, refused to comment on the specific cases but acknowledged it is a difficult time for companies that make web browsers. \"It is not a great environment to be in. Users should have choice. They should be able to select which browsers they want to use and there should not be any artificial limitations in how these browsers can be used or not used,\" he said. \"Of course, we want to be part of the new ecosystem. So we abide by the rules set by platform owners.\"According to Kamath Opera is used by over 60 million people on desktop computers. For its mobile browsers \u2014 Opera Mini and Opera Mobile \u2014 India is the largest market. \"In India we have grown four fold in the last years,\" he said.Apart from browsers, Opera also has a SDK that can be used to make web-connected devices. \"There are over 40 million devices that use this SDK,\" said Kamath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369944", "title": "Father's reckless driving kills 8-year-old boy", "text": "KOLKATA: Reckless driving by a father claimed the life of his eight-year-old son at Sector V on Sunday evening. The father was driving his wife and son to a relative's place when the car overturned after he lost control.Aditya Bahadur Chettri, the child was killed after the car in which he was in along with his father Ram Bahadur Chetri, who was driving the vehicle overturned at Sector V after Chetri lost control of the vehicle.Ram Bahadur Chetri works as the driver of a resident of BJ Block in Salt Lake for quite some years now. On Sunday, he took his employer's consent to use the latter's white Tata Indica to visit a relative's place in Rajarhat along with his wife and son.Chetri has been working for his employer, a resident of BJ Block of Salt Lake for years. On Sunday, he took consent from his employer as he took his eight year old son and his wife in the car to go to a friend's place at Rajarhat.Locals said that Chetri was driving the car at a very high speed. According to eyewitnesses, he could not decide whether to take the Nabadiganta flyover or to move on the stretch below the flyover. The car had just come down from the Rajarhat flyover and was about to take the Nabadiganta flyover that starts from near the Wipro office when Chetri lost control of the vehicle as it was in very high speed, they said. The car first hit the sides of the flyover on its approach section, rammed a light post before hitting another vehicle coming from the opposite direction and then overturned. Locals rushed to Chetri and his family's rescue and took them to a private hospital nearby. While the couple escaped with scratches, Chetri's son Aditya succumbed to his injuries. Officers from the Sector V electronic complex visited the spot and the car was later removed.The car first hit on the sides of the flyover just on its approach section and then rammed into a light post before hitting another vehicle that was coming in and overturned. Locals rushed in for rescue as Chetri and his son and wife were rescued and rushed to a nearby private hospital where Aditya succumbed to injuries. Officers from the Sector V electronic complex rushed to the spot and the car was later removed.Locals said that traffic in the area needed to be managed better since the stretch was prone to accidents. Some weeks back, a major accident had occurred near the Technopolis building. After a protest by the mob, police took stock of the traffic management.But on Sunday It was found that the automatic traffic signalling system in the intersection spots was not functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369585", "title": "Power cut on Sunday leaves residents fuming", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sunday afternoon turned into a hot, humid affair for people living in many parts of the city as power supply coming to Chandigarh from Mohali was snapped due to a technical snag resulting in a power cut of over two hours. Power went off around 1.30pm and was restored only after 3.45pm.Though the UT administration is dependent on the 66 kv station in Mohali for supply of power to nearly 47% of the city, it has failed to ensure uninterrupted supply, especially during summers.There have been frequent snags in the Mohali power line but UT seems to have made little effort to take up the issue with the Mohali administration. From July onwards till date, the southern sectors have had to put up with power failures more than 10 times because of a fault in the Mohali power station. The power supply that comes to city from Mohali is further distributed through four sub-stations in sectors 20, 35, 40 and 43. Due to the power breakdown, residents of around 20 sectors had to depend on generators and invertors for power supply. These sectors included sectors 20 to 24, 33 to 37, 40 to 45, 55 and 56. Other sectors too experienced power cuts for small durations.An official on duty at the complaint centre said, \"There is some fault in the line from Mohali that brings power to the city because of which power had to be shut down for carrying out repair work.\"The power supply getting snapped on a Sunday left many residents fuming. \"Sunday is my only off day but what is the point if that too is spent sweating,\" said Tushar Verma, a resident of Sector 34.Sunday afternoon turned into a hot, humid affair for people living in many parts of the city as power supply coming to Chandigarh from Mohali was snapped due to a technical snag resulting in a power cut of over two hours. Power went off around 1.30pm and was restored only after 3.45pm.\"Unscheduled power cuts have become a norm. At times there is a power cut because of some local problem, sometimes the northern grid fails and sometimes supply from Mohali snaps. Whatever the reason, its' the residents, who suffered,\" said Jagdish, a resident Sector 35.\"Sunday is the only day when the entire family can sit together and watch television but we had just started enjoying a film when the power failed and was restored only after two hours when the film was almost over,\" rued Soumya, a resident of Sector 40.UT superintending engineer, M P Singh could not be contacted for comment despite repeated attempts to reach him. Most of the UT electricity officials had no idea about the exact problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15369253", "title": "Sewage water enters temple premises here", "text": "HUBLI: With the safety tank in the area leaking and filthy water overflowing on the road, residents of Shakti Nagar are suffering untold miseries.The safety tank is throwing out dirt since the past two days and sewage water is entering Banni Mahakali temple in the area. It is not that residents are facing this problem for the first time. Sine the past two years it is happening on and off and the HDMC is not taking any concrete measures to redress the problem.It was two years ago that the HDMC built a safety tank in Shakti Nagar. But , the tank is not being cleaned regularly. Whenever the tank leaks and overflows, residents appeal to the corporation to set right the problem once for all, but the authorities don't give a hoot. Since the sewage water enters the tank, cracks have appeared in the temple's compound wall. The compound wall is on the verge of collapse, say residents.This being Shravana Masa, more number of devotees visit the temple. The slippery premises and the stench is spoiling the whole atmosphere at the temple and hurting the sentiments of devotees, said Chidanand Patil, a resident of Shakti Nagar.Residents have staged protests and submitted memoranda to the corporation, and MLA, and MP of the area but to no avail.Land dispute blocks worksThe main drainage line is a few meters away from the Shakti Nagar safety tank. Since it is a disputed land, the land owner is not allowing laying of a pipeline there.This has become a big headache for the HDMC. Speaking to TOI, area corporator Ningappa Badiger said though the corporation officials and the mayor are keen on setting right the residents' problems, their hands are tied due to the ongoing dispute over land.\"The issue will be taken up at the next general body meeting of the corporation and ways will be worked out to acquire the required land to lay pipelines. Till then the HDMC will take measures to clean the safety tank\", the corporator added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369951", "title": "Caste shadow on Rajasthan\u2019s midday meals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajasthan's poor record on caste and gender roles continues and the state seems to have taken the lead in cases of such discrimination in the government's midday meal scheme.A series of reports have claimed that the flagship scheme in Rajasthan, Odisha, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh is afflicted with large-scale caste and gender-based discrimination.The human resources development (HRD) ministry has decided to send central teams to specific districts in the four states from where such reports have come. The maximum discrimination has been reported from Rajasthan where the HRD ministry's monitoring agency found that upper caste children were not sharing mid-day meals with lower caste children in Karauli.In Dausa, scheduled caste children were made to sit separately and eat mid-day meals. In Sirohi too children were segregated on caste lines for belonging to the minority community and were eating food separately.\"The teacher shouldn't have allowed such communalization in the MDM,\" monitoring agency Shiv Charan Mathur Social Policy Research Institute said.The situation was far worse in Dungarpur. The monitoring agency, Institute of Development Studies , said 85% school children were found sitting in caste groups.A similar story of caste segregation was found in Jaisalmer. Additionally, in urban areas of Jaisalmer district, upper caste children refused to eat food with dalit children.In Pali, 57.5% school children were sitting in caste-based groups and it was also found that in 10% schools, only upper caste children were served the midday meal. Gender discrimination could be seen in 12.5% schools as girls were made to serve the food.While the discrimination was gender-based in Karnataka's Chamarajanagar, Haveri and Uttara Kannada; it was both gender and caste-based in Orissa's Kandhamal and Boudh.In MP's Narsinghpur, the monitoring agency found that in 17.5% schools, upper caste children did not eat midday meal as cooks belonged to lower castes.The monitoring agency, MP Institute of Social Science Research, Ujjain, reported that the practice of untouchability within school premises in schools of Betul as well as Satna, Chhindwara, Burhanpur, Balaghat, Shivpuri, Narshingpur and Hoshangabad was rampant.In Satna, upper caste, SC and OBC children sat separately. In Panna, dalit children were served food from a distance.In some places, children of one social group for fear of their plates being touched by the lower caste students started bringing their own plates from home. In Hoshangabad, higher caste girls sat away from those of the lower castes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15369690", "title": "Ties that last a lifetime", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Their classmates say these four are inseparable, and on Sunday, Isha Marwaha, Shruti Bawa, Drishti Luthra and Rashmeeta proved just how right the others are about them. As they celebrated Friendship Day, these bubbly classmates talked about the rare bond they have formed with each other \u2014 the kind that lasts a lifetime and the kind that means 'dosti ke liye kuch bhi karega'. They bought friendship bands and greeting cards for each other, before heading out together to rejoice and celebrate their friendship.Resident of Civil Lines, Isha says, \"The word 'friendship' is beautiful. I was eagerly awaiting this day and even brought special friendship bands for Shruti, Drishti and Rashmeeta.\"She adds, \"On Sunday, I tied the special bands for my friends. For me the band is like a bond between two friends and a way to appreciate special people in your life. In addition we visited the Sarabha Nagar market and enjoyed lunch together.\"For Shruti, a resident of Model Town, friendship is that bond that can be shared with just those people who one can connect with. She says, \"It's about being who you are without any pretence. We understand each other very well and that is what keeps us going.\" She adds, \"The best part of my group is that we're all fun-loving girls and life is beautiful when we are with each other.\"Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Drishti believes friendship is a bond that can transcend all sorts of disparities and differences to make life beautiful for those who share it. She says, \"I love the fact that each year we make it a point to celebrate the day together by taking out time from our studies and tuitions. We would try and continue this in coming years.\"Rashmeet, a resident of Sukhmani Enclave, says, \"Our friendship means a lot to me. During school days we share our tiffin, secrets and little fights, too! Seeing my friends each day brings a smile on my face and brightens my day.\"She adds, \"Friends are my source of energy and I feel rejuvenated in their company.\"The tradition of dedicating a day in honour of friends began in US in 1935. Gradually, the festival gained popularity and today Friendship Day is celebrated in large number of countries, including India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15374298", "title": "HTC launches Android 4.0-based Desire VC at Rs 21,999", "text": "New Delhi: HTC has announced the launch of its new smartphone in India -- HTC Desire VC. Launched in partnership with Tata DOCOMO, HTC Desire VC comes with an MRP of Rs 23,300.HTC Desire VC is a dual-SIM smartphone (CDMA and GSM) that has HTC Sense 4.0 interface integrated. The phone runs on a 1GHz processor and is powered by Android 4.0 or Ice Cream Sandwich operating system.The smartphone sports a 4-inch screen with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. Weighing 118gm, Desire VC has an internal storage space of 4GB, which can be expanded up to 32GB using a microSD card.The phone sports a 5 megapixel auto focus camera with Flash. It is powered by a 1650 mAh battery.The MOP or best buy price of HTC Desire VC is Rs 21,999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374927", "title": "Jessica Biel recalls filming Total Recall", "text": "Jessica Biel has revealed that she did intense training for her new movie \"Total Recall.\"\"We learned martial arts, muay Thai, French parkour, boxing, kickboxing, lots of yoga, lots of weight training,\" she told the New York Post .The film is the remake of the original Total Recall made in 1990.The film is based on the writer Philip K Dick's short story \"We can remember it for you wholesale\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15368879", "title": "Bhubaneswar bus fares to go up", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Travelling on city buses would cost more as the state government has agreed to revise the fare, a proposal of which was sent recently. The fare hike is expected to come into effect in the next few days.Sources said the housing and urban development department (H&UD;) had sought the approval of chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who gave his nod on Wednesday. \"A notification would be released soon,\" an H&UD; officer said.While H&UD; would soon come out with the notification about the increased fare, the city bus operator Dream Team Sahara (DTS) has proposed a hike of Re 1 in fare for destinations within 0-12 km. It proposed a raise of Rs 2 in destinations ranging between 12 to 15, 15 to 18 and 18 to 21 km. Similarly, an increase of Rs 5 has been sought for long distance travels (more than 30 km).The fare would go up for the first time ever since the city bus service was launched under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban National Renewal Mission on October 10, 2010. At present, 105 city buses ply on different routes in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri.Board members of Bhubaneswar Puri Transport Services Limited, a body formed by the government to manage the city bus service, had sent the fare hike proposal to H&UD; four months ago in view of the hike in diesel prices thrice in the past, sources said.\"We will soon finalize the fare. The hike is imperative as we are facing heavy loss. The fare has remained unchanged despite hike in fuel prices thrice in the past,\" DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said. \"The private bus, taxi and auto-rickshaw associations already increased their fares in the past. Unlike private buses, we cannot hike ticket prices on our own as the government has to take a final call as per MoU signed with the government,\" Mishra said.Daily commuters said the hike should not pinch their pocket. \"For the profit of the bus operator, government should not go for steep fare hike. Since mostly students and middle and lower class people travel by city buses, the hike should be nominal,\" Ajay Satpathy, an engineering student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15368882", "title": "'Immolation bid' outside CM's home", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday foiled an alleged self-immolation bid by an elderly couple in front of the heavily fortified Naveen Niwas, residence of chief minister Naveen Patnaik .The couple Narusu Pradhan (70) and his wife Kuni Pradhan (65) from Ganjam district wanted to end their lives in protest against the prolonged delay by government officials in clearing Narusu's pension file. Narusu is a retired electrician of irrigation department, sources said. He was serving in Bhubaneswar before retirement.\"I have been running from pillar to post to get my pension file cleared, but to no avail. Nobody is paying heed to my grievance. I sat on a dharna in front of the chief minister's residence a month ago. The police dissuaded me then,\" Narusu said.As Narasu was about to douse himself in kerosene, cops intervened. Police seized the kerosene container and whisked him away from the scene for interrogation, sources said. The Airfield police tried to downplay the incident and said the couple came to air their grievance to the chief minister. \"We dissuaded them from staging a hunger strike or taking any drastic step near Naveen Niwas. We advised them to meet the appropriate officials to solve their problem,\" inspector of Airfield police station Girija Chakraborty said.The incident came close on the heels of the arrest of another Ganjam-based couple on charges of attempting to breach Naveen's security ring near the state secretariat. The couple wanted to meet Naveen to convey their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "dharmashala", "code": "15369924", "title": "Army felicitates shooter Vijay Kumar's father", "text": "DHARMASHALA: Yol-based Rising Star Corps of the Indian Army felicitated the father of Subedar Vijay Kumar , who clinched silver medal in London Olympics, on Sunday.On behalf of the Rising Star Corps, Commander Colonel R K Sharma presented a cheque of Rs 25,000 along with gifts and boxes of sweets to retired Subedar Banku Ram and other members of the family.\"Vijay Kumar's performance has added a star in the achievements of the Indian Army. It has proved that our Army is not only performing better on the national frontiers but also in other fields also,\" an Army spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15367994", "title": "Delhi Metro Phase III to get 9 sub-stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMRC is going to construct nine power sub-stations and strengthen four existing ones for the underconstruction Phase III of the Metro network. The new sub-stations will come up at Yamuna Vihar, Vinod Nagar depot, INA, Dhaula Kuan, Mukundpur depot, Kalkaji, RK Puram, Palam and Faridabad.Phase III, which will cover 103km, will have two new corridors \u2014 Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to Botanical Garden. The nine new sub-stations, along with the existing four, will also power the Badarpur-YMCA Chowk corridor. Auxiliary power at 33kV and traction power at 25kV will be supplied from the new sub-stations to the Phase III stations.\"The four operational power sub-stations of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will be augmented so that their feeds can be extended to the Phase III corridors as well. These operational sub-stations are Jahangirpuri, Subhash Nagar, Botanical Garden and Kashmere Gate,\" said the spokesperson.Currently, the Metro's power requirements are regulated through 15 sub-stations spread across different parts of the city and the national capital region. For Phase III, under which about 140km of Delhi Metro lines will be built in NCR, the approximate power requirement will be 150MVA by 2016, added Metro officials.The 15 sub-stations are at Kashmere Gate, Rithala, Jahangirpuri, New Delhi, Indraprastha, Dwarka, Subhash Nagar, Mundka, Chhattarpur, Sarita Vihar, Botanical Garden, Sushant Lok, Park Street (two sub-stations) and IGI.The Phase III construction has started with the extension of the Badarpur-Central Secretariat line to Kashmere Gate through Janpath, ITO, Jama Masjid and Red Fort. The same line will also be extended from Badapur to the interiors of Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15369154", "title": "Police release sketch of Madurai bomb suspect", "text": "MADURAI: Police have released a sketch of the suspect who gave two parcels with bombs to a realtor in Madurai on Saturday.With the help of eye witnesses, the police produced a computer generated portrait of the suspect and sent it to all police stations. The picture has also been sent to railway stations and airport to prevent the suspect from fleeing.\"So far we haven't received much information about the suspect's identity,\" an officer said. A cash reward of Rs 10,000 for providing information has also been announced. \"Anyone with information may contact the commissioner of police, Madurai or the police control room,\" a statement said.Security has also been tightened in south Krishnan Kovil street where the parcel was given to a goldsmith to be delivered to a realtor. The suspect gave two parcels with bombs to a goldsmith, R Arumugam, at his workshop in South Krishnan Kovil street. The suspect had asked him to handover the parcel to Umar Farooq, a realtor with alleged Al Umma links. An errand boy delivered them to Mohamed Ismail, an employee of Farooq who opened the parcel and informed the police. A case has been registered under Explosives Susbtances Act. Police said that the image was drawn from the account of Arumugam, a key eyewitness. Inquiries by the police have revealed that the suspect had come to the locality in a motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indira nagar", "code": "15369740", "title": "Celebrating first half of holy month", "text": "INDIRA NAGAR: Like each year, Dr Siraj-ud-Din Bali kept his deed of inviting as many guests as he can to mark the end of first half of the holy month of Ramzan. About 300 guests gathered at his Indira Nagar residence for the grand iftaar party and broke their fast with special amber dates brought by Bali's father Muhammad Iqbal Bali from Mecca, Saudi Arabia.Bali, who runs a private hospital, said he has been celebrating passing of the half of the Ramzan before people fast the sixteenth roza for many years now.\"I invited prominent citizens from the city and those who offer prayers at the mosque constructed by us at my hospital. My father Mr Muhammad Iqbal Bali and mother Puroo Begum have performed Umrah 30 times (non-mandatory pilgrimage of Muslims to Mecca at any time of the year) and have been for Hajj thrice. And every time they go to Mecca, they bring Amber dates from there,\" said Bali.\"We served the guests 'sherbet' and fruits for iftaar, followed by evening prayers and dinner, which included 'mutton biryani', roasted chicken, 'chicken korma' and 'mutton korma'. My wife Balqees Begum and children Muhammad Haroon, Umar and Zeba Parveen served the guests along with me,\" said Bali.Bali's iftaar had guests turning up from as far as Malerkotla, like Dr Muhammad Rafi, who was all praise for his friend's hospitality.'Enjoyed breaking fast with hundreds'At Dr Siraj-ud-Din Bali's iftaar, guests from various parts of the city and outside broke the fast together. \"Serving the guests well and feeding them the best food during Ramzan is considered a pious deed. I really enjoyed breaking my fast with hundreds,\" said his friend Dr Muhammad Rafi from Malerkotla.Businessman Muhammad Alyas from Gill Road said, \"Attending Dr bali's iftaar party ensures the best iftaar every year for me.\" \"The taste of the food becomes all the more exotic when you eat it along with a hundred others. I will pray the almighty Allah to bless Dr Bali's hospitality,\" said businessman Muhammad Usmaan from Field Ganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15368328", "title": "Gopal Kanda is no stranger to controversies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Controversies are nothing new to Haryana's minister of state for home Gopal Kanda, who has been booked in a suicide abetment case on Sunday.Kanda and his aides were allegedly involved in a scuffle and firing incident at Sirsa market in April 2011. Kanda allegedly instigated his personal security staff to open fire at Subhash Chowk market after shopkeepers downed shutters to observe a bandh called by the INLD, opposition party in Haryana. He also got into an argument with the INLD workers.In a July 2011 incident, his official security guards allegedly thrashed Atul Wassan, a former international cricketer, near 32-lane toll plaza on express highway at Gurgaon-New Delhi border. Kanda later tendered an apology.In September, 2010, a domestic help was gangraped in a car allegedly owned by Gopal Kanda. Opposition leaders, including Kuldeep Bishnoi and INLD supremo Chautala, had sought Kanda's removal from ministry following this incident.In January, 2008, Sirsa police booked 18 people close to Kanda for assaulting income tax sleuths, who had conducted raids on official and residential complexes owned by Kanda at Sirsa. A fast track court convicted them in November 2011.Gopal Kanda and his group were accused of encroaching on forest land in May 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368722", "title": "Armed and ready, gangs with guns are scourge of Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Gangsters in Tamil Nadu are infamous for their cold-blooded violence and they are now getting more dangerous than ever before. There has been a sudden surge in the use of firearms by criminals, especially by goons in Chennai.Police officers seized handguns in two cases in the city in three days and investigators say gangsters are increasingly procuring pistols, especially from the northern states, making themselves more lethal to rivals and more formidable opponents for the police.Chetpet police on Sunday arrested two men for allegedly attacking a businessman from Alwarpet and threatening him at gunpoint. A police officer said they forced the businessman to sign a cheque for Rs 14 lakh.\"G Vamsidharan, 22, of T Nagar, who runs an orchestra troupe, had arranged for a live concert at an amusement park on ECR with a singer from Florida , USA, in October 2011,\" the officer said. \"He incurred a huge loss and held Sameer Shetty responsible for the loss.\"Vamsidharan and his associate H Santhosh, 23, of Vadapalani, abducted Shetty and held him hostage at an apartment in Vepery. They accused him of a scam in the sale of concert tickets and made him sign a cheque, the officer said. The victim told investigators that the duo had an aurgun and a pistol. Police seized the airgun and Rs 10 lakh in cash from them.A senior police officer who has spent substantial period in city said, \"Most of the pistols are brought from states like Bihar and West Bengal which is available in the grey market in the range of Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000, while a licensed one can be obtained for Rs 1 lakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15369049", "title": "HC chief justice calls for quick justice to poor", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Chief Justice Prakash Tatia of the Jharkhand high court on Sunday called upon judicial officers and advocates to ensure quick justice to poor litigants who come to court for getting quick redress of their problems.The chief justice was here to inaugurate a legal awareness camp on alternative dispute resolution (ADR) mechanism. He said time has come to make legal awareness a movement. He asked the lawyers to advise their clients for filing only such cases which cannot be solved at lok adalats or by way of ADR. The chief justice called upon them not to encourage frivolous litigation which is the worst way of harassing the people.\"In modern days, various cases are lodged in court most of which can be resolved without going to court directly. If this is done, it will be the real justice to the poor and economically backward people. Confidence and determination of the lawyers will play a significant role in providing proper guidelines to their clients when they first knock at their doors,\" Justice Tatia said adding that in these days fighting of legal battle not only took longer period but also became expensive.Earlier, he laid the foundation stone of the building of the 6th Nyaya Sadan of Jharkhand on the civil court campus here.Speaking about the purpose of the Nyaya Sadan, he said this would be the place where the cases for mediation by way of using ADR mechanism would be taken up. The proposed building will be constructed at the cost of Rs I crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369722", "title": "Chilling out with Ajay Nayar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana remains a stellar example of rags-to-rich tales all by dint of hard work and dedication. It's a destination that brings a bevy of investors, corporates and management gurus to gauge and marvel at the infinite success the town generates. Family business or start-ups, the young scions here are regularly finding novel ideas to take their Manchester of India to new dizzying heights. TOI spends Sundays with the city's ignited minds to take a peek into their off-hours as they try and push the envelope in their personal and professional lives:Run to the third floor of a mall on Ferozepur Road and a 3x6 inch theatrical standee of a latest Hindi movie declares the wellness quotient of stairs over the ubiquitous lift, with an arrow pointing towards the multiplex.Clad in a fiery red tee, mall owner Ajay Nayar hotfoots the elevator stairs, glancing into some of the open-front premium luxury brand outlets. His normally calm face looks considerable excited.\"I had always thought of my weekend as a happy, rollicking one in this city... one where strangers and friends meet. The dream lives on as I stand here in the milling crowd,\" Nayar, the mall director, says.In a jiffy, he scampers into a gym where glossy posters of svelte blonde women with measuring tapes around their waists and men counting their burned calories greet him. Coincidentally, Nayar is also the CEO of a company that manufactures over 50% of India's measuring tapes.\"Fitness has been my weekend stress buster for long. So, not deviating from my other profession of making measuring tools, here I come to measure myself,\" he quips, with a small smile playing on his face. Treadmill, cycling and stretching, he does all of that, sharing the secrets behind his athletic frame. Coming out of the gym, he makes a brief halt on each floor to exchange pleasantries with the town's connoisseurs. From the martini glasses to vintage wine holders and the right travel bags, Nayar engages them in advisory conversations. \"Heard of Salman Khan's \"Being Human\"? That's coming to our mini B-town as well,\" he tells one.\"Don't forget the lovely Starbucks... we will soon have coffee evenings in city,\" he tells another person, reminding him of a special screening of recent release \"Cocktail\", which he planned for town's iconic industrialists. For a man who wears the self-effacing shyness of the successful, Nayar warns that money matters and balance sheets or business conversations do not surface on his weekends.\"People from outside Ludhiana should realize that it's not a town about just business, pomp and show. Intelligent conversations happen here as well,\" he adds.Along with his two kids, Nayar has become a student of yoga. He says he has learned how not to take his triumphs seriously. \"Join me for 'Cocktail',\" he invites, immediately clarifying, \"Not the drink... the movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15367931", "title": "Assam Agricultural University wants Centre to release 'flood-fighter' rice varieties", "text": "JORHAT: The Assam Agricultural University (AAU) has sent a proposal to the Centre to release four \"flood-fighter\" varieties of rice this year. The university has already recommended four varieties of rice that can be cultivated in flood-affected areas, but is waiting central recognition.AAU director of research N Sharma said, \"The rice varieties, Prafulla and Gitesh, are useful for staggered planting and Jalashree and Jolkunwari are known for its submerge tolerance quality.\"He said the saplings of the staggered planting varieties can be cultivated after 60 days and the submerge tolerance varieties stay alive for 15 days during floods. Therefore, the four varieties are very useful in flood-affected areas. The directorate of research of the university has already recommended the varieties for cultivators.\"A team of scientists from Titabor Regional Agricultural Research Station (TRARS) completed the research work of the four flood-fighter varieties. They are also conducting a research to come up with short-duration rice varieties this year. They have already recommended one post-flood rice variety-Dissang and two pre-flood varieties-Luit and Kolong so far. However, the two pre-flood varieties are still waiting central recognition. A joint proposal from AAU and the state agriculture department has also been sent in this regard,\" the director of research said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369586", "title": "A tree-top campaign that roots for a cause", "text": "BANGALORE: On a regular day, Brikesh Singh cycles from his home in Byappanahalli to work in Richmond Town. On a not-so regular day, he climbs trees, 260-foot-high smokestacks and even the roof of the British Parliament in his attempt to 'Change politics and save the climate', along with like-minded Greenpeace activists who aim to bust environmental crimes.Kindled with the spirit of making this world livable for animals and people dependent on forests, Brikesh joined Greenpeace as a volunteer and stayed on to become the public engagement manager of its operations in India. As an activist based in Bangalore, Brikesh inspired many commoners to raise their voice against tree felling. He made a statement last year by sitting on top of a tree near Sankey Tank for 24 hours and, in return, garnered the support of over 3,000 green crusaders.\"When an ordinary person like me pushes the envelope to fight for a green world and people read about it over coffee in the morning, it drives them in diverse ways to support the cause. Last year, many Bangaloreans signed up online petitions , while others turned up to express solidarity. All this happened in just 24 hours,\" he says.\"I am a trained climber and find it easy to scale 300-feet monuments. But that night, while I sat on the tiny set suspended to the tree I wanted to save, the bats were awake, the city was asleep and I waited for sunrise. At dawn, I enjoyed the beautiful sunrise and also felt sad. For, I didn't know whether I'd be able to save that tree,\" he says.SET ON A NEW VENTUREAt present, Brikesh is busy building a tree house in Chandrapur, Maharashtra, for the Junglistan campaign, starting September. This initiative comes at a time when India is set to host the Convention on Biodiversity, the largest international forum for biodiversity, in October.\"I am building this tree house in the tiger corridor where I can crash for a month. I'm equipping it with a solar charger and laptop to supply constant observation of the world I see around. While I perch there, celebrities and the media can visit to experience what I will be out there,\" says Brikesh.The Junglistan initiative aspires to draw focus to the plight of those dependent on forests for livelihood. \"Greenpeace will organize events across the country to get support of citizens. In Bangalore and elsewhere, non-violent activists will at some point climb trees for the cause,\" says Brikesh.For, there's hope yet, says this ardent crusader whose beliefs were born again after his three-day imprisonment in a Kolkata jail. \"Along with five activists, I climbed a 260-foot-high smokestack of a thermal power plant in Kolaghat and painted the slogan, 'Smoking kills', on the chimney. We were arrested for the 'crime' of raising alarm against climate change. While in prison, we were treated like royalty by other prisoners, which is unlike what happens to new inmates. When I asked why they were treating us so well, they said: 'Aap hamare liye bhagwan jaise ho (You are like god to us). You've been arrested for striving to protect the future of our kids',\" says Brikesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374606", "title": "Apple App Store gets costlier for developers: Report", "text": "Getting noticed on Apple's App Store has become more expensive for developers this year, while application downloads haven't increased much, according to Fiksu, a digital marketing company.Developers who actively market their apps on the world's largest mobile-software marketplace spent about $1.44 to attract each loyal user in June, an increase of 13% from a year earlier, Fiksu said in its report. A loyal user opens an app three or more times, according to Fiksu.Competition between app developers is heating up as the market matures and users have more choices among apps offering similar features. Costs peaked in December at $1.81 per user as developers tried to attract people who got an Apple device for the holidays.The 200 most popular free iPhone apps were downloaded 4.63 million times per day, on average, last month, an increase of 2.7% from June of last year, Fiksu said.Apple has paid $5 billion to developers selling their wares in the App Store and more than 30 billion apps have been downloaded since the digital store's opening in 2008, Tim Cook , the company's chief executive officer, said at a press conference last month. Most developers aren't complaining.Mobile apps for Apple and Google operating systems will generate $8.7 billion in revenue this year, up 60% from last year, according to a report by Flurry, a mobile-research company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369365", "title": "Learn science the fun way at Sunday science school", "text": "MANGALORE: With an aim to provide school children hands-on experience on various science projects, St Agnes College in association with Centre for Advanced Learning (CAL) has organized Sunday Science School for School Children (SSSSC ) on its campus.Students will be conducting 50 science projects under the guidance of three science teachers and BSc students of St Agnes College on every Sunday for two hours.The programme got underway on the college campus on August 5. This programme will go on for 25 Sundays.Students of any school in Dakshina Kannada district can take part in the programme and all the required materials and equipments to perform various science experiments will be provided by the college authorities.For registration and further details, dial: 9845737120/2249220/2214100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369763", "title": "Curious world of science", "text": "The Gujar Mal Modi Innovative Science and Technology Award this year is being conferred on Khadg S Valdiya for his contribution in the field of Himalayan geology, neotectonics in India and environmental geology. He talks to Tirna Ra y  What does this award mean to you?The GM Modi award assures me that good work gets acknowledged . Also, I would now be able to donate more than two third of the award money to an NGO in eastern Uttarakhand , which is doing commendable work in the area of education.Could you tell us about the Science Outreach Programme that you are working on to popularise science among young students in the remote regions of Uttarakhand?In the Science Outreach Programme of two to four days' duration, 60 to 100 science students and their teachers selected from 20 to 30 intermediate colleges of remote places are invited to a common venue, usually at Himalayan Gram Vikas Samiti, Gangolihat. Six to eight experienced professors drawn from noted universities, IITs and my own centre take classes on physics, chemistry, biotechnology environmental sciences and geology \u2014 on themes that have direct bearing on progress, societal well-being and on career options. For the last four years the programme is being sponsored and exclusively funded by the CNR Rao Education Trust.When did this programme start and why did you want to initiate such a programme?Inspired by Swami Vivekananda, who wrote in a letter in 1894 to a disciple \u2014 'So long as millions live in hunger and ignorance I hold every man a traitor who having been educated at their expense pays not the least heed to them,' I was visiting colleges and schools to supplement their educational programmes for quite sometime, since the mid-1980 s.Why do you think it is important to attract young students to science?I believe that everybody has the freedom to choose. However, I personally feel, science makes one strong and capable of meeting practically all problems that the society faces. One who has an understanding of science would be able to use more efficiently, and with greater benefits, all appliances and gadgets we use at home, in offices, etc. Hence, the emphasis on science.Which are the emerging areas in the fields of geology and environmental science?Geochemistry, neotectonics &amp; palaeoseimology, geochronology and tectonic geomorphology in geology and geohydrology, natural hazards and natural water pollution in environmental geology.What is that one thing you need to be able to pursue research in the areas of geology and environmental science?One should not only have intense curiosity, but also keen observation power and should be willing to walk barefoot and live among the rocks and sediment , away from the comforts of labs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15368571", "title": "'Niramay Yojana' scheme introduced", "text": "Wardha: Several organizations came together on Saturday to conduct an awareness programme on generic medicines and introduce 'Niramay Yojana' scheme for distributing them.Doctors, association of chemists and druggists and Nayantara social organization held this event at Satyanarayan Bajaj library. Reputed doctors from city and superintendent of Sewagram hospital, Dr AP Kalantri, guided the participants. Dr Arun Pawade presented a slide show for explaining benefits of various generic medicines.During an interactive session, doctors informed that how generic medicines can save life of poor people who cannot afford expensive branded medicines. Ex-president of Indian Medical Association, Dr Arun Pawade said, \"Doctors should not prescribe branded medicines as they need to understand their responsibility towards society.\"Dr Ulhas Jajoo said, \"Doctors must be given a code of conduct as they may be lured by offers of drug manufactures. President of chemist and druggist association, Wardha, Satish Vanmali, said, \"Niramay Yojana can be implemented only if doctors, chemists and patients participate equally because they are the three pillars of the scheme.\" He added that chemists sell medicines prescribed by doctors only so the onus lies with the latter.Organizer Basant Pandey said, \"Nayantara organization will implement this scheme in the city and create awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373457", "title": "Fans get unruly to see Darshan", "text": "Fans in large numbers had gathered in Tumkur to see 'Challenging' Star Darshan who had come to Tumkur for the concluding programme of a cricket match organised by local fans.The unruly fans wanted to get a glimpse of their favourite star which resulted in the crowd getting unruly. The police had to resort to 'lathi charge' to control the crowd.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367608", "title": "14 served ouster notice in Herguan varsity visa scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fresh reports from the NRI cell suggest that 14 students who had taken admission in Herguan University in the USA have been served ouster notices by American federal government authorities for being part of the visa fraud. Also, chances are that 30 other students could be detained for colluding with Herguan university authorities for preparing fake documents. A majority of the students are from Andhra Pradesh , officials said.The students who are currently under scrutiny are known to have arrived in the US one year back after receiving the mandatory I-20 forms from the university. While most of them attended only online courses which lasted about three months, a few of them attended no courses at all, US federal authorities revealed on Sunday. While the state government is in touch with US federal authorities, the fate of most of the students in question is still uncertain. When the students finally return home is anybody's guess, officials said. A total of 450 students are under scanner for their alleged role in the visa fraud. But even as the investigation continues, the university, which caters to foreign students, has maintained that it will take freshers for the fall, 2012 batch. \"No student is reported as radio-tagged. We are in touch with US federal agencies. But no parents have contacted us,\" an NRI cell official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15368936", "title": "Cash benefit for Jharkhand's migrant workers", "text": "RANCHI: The state labour department has come up with an ambitious scheme to track the migrant workers of Jharkhand and provide financial assistance to them or their kin in case of casualty or permanent disability.Under the new scheme, every migrant worker will be registered with the local panchayat and an identity card will be issued. The panchayat will also issue registration certificate to local employment agents.Sources in the labour department said according to a rough estimate 10-15 lakh workers migrate to various parts of the country in search of employment every year. Many of them face lot of hardship and even die in accidents. The system of compulsory registration will help build an authentic data bank of the workers.State labour commissioner Sunil Kumar Barnwal said migrating workers who were registered with an agency or agent would be issued green colour card and those who move out of the state in search of a jobs alone would be issued red colour card.Apart from tracking migrant workers, the department will also study the reason and season when the workers migrate. \"We will try to generate employment for them in places close to their village in coming years so that they do not have to wonder in search of a jobs,\" said Barnwal adding that the department would definitely try and find some suitable job for seasonal migrant workers with the state.The department has also decided to provide financial assistance to each migrant worker and their kin in case of permanent disability or death. In case of death of a worker or permanent disability government will also provide Rs 1.5 lakh. In case of partial disability the worker will get Rs 75,000.\"All the claims will be made with the deputy commissioner of the concerned district and depending on the case the workers or his kin will be the benefit,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369971", "title": "Soon on national highways: Rest houses for drivers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to provide at least one free drivers' resting place at every 50km along the entire national highway. National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has identified 60 sites to develop such provisions with allied facilities for commuters. The Rajasthan government, too, has shortlisted about half a dozen sites along NH-8. The facility is on the lines available in developed countries, where resting places are provided for long-route drivers to overcome fatigue.The complexes will have dormitory resting facility for drivers along with restaurants, vehicle repair shops, toilets, gaming choices for children, first aid and even paid accommodation for commuters. Fatigue and sleeplessness are two of the major reasons of accidents on highways. \"Drivers have no facility to take rest when they are driving on long routes. They take rest either inside the driver's chamber or on rooftop of trucks,\" said SP Singh of IRTFT, an advocacy group on transport sector.Senior NHAI officials said so far only 11 such resting places are operational. \"We have leased out these complexes, spread over two acres, to fuel companies since having a petrol pump has been one of the key elements. Later, the selection criteria would be widened,\" said an authority official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368233", "title": "Cop not to be dismissed in Palande case", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police have launched a departmental probe against inspector Sanjay Shinde for negligence, but dropped plans to dismiss him for the escape of murder accused Vijay Palande, claiming there was no material to suggest his connivance, a senior police officer said on Sunday.Accused of the murder of Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku, Palande was being brought from Karad when he escaped on April 10. A team comprising Shinde had taken Palande to Karad and back.Police drop plan to dismiss Vijay Palande's kinThe city police have dropped plans to dismiss inspector Sanjay Shinde for his alleged involvement in the escape of double murder accused Vijay Palande, saying there is no material to suggest his connivance.A departmental inquiry has now been initiated against Shinde for negligence.Shinde is a relative of Palande, who is the main accused in the murders of Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku and aspiring film producer Karan Kakkar.In June, city police commissioner Arup Patnaik had recommended Shinde's dismissal. The proposal was rejected by the then director general of police K Subramaniam, saying it was not a fit case for sacking and Shinde should be given a chance to defend himself. Patnaik had then said he will forward the file again to the DG with more material against Shinde.On April 10, Palande and a police team were returning from Kharad with Manoj Gajakhosh, an accused in the Tikku murder case, when the former slipped out of the Andheri crime branch unit around 7.45pm. A police team, which included Shinde, had taken Palande to Kharad to pick up Gajkosh. Sources said Shinde didn't know that Palande was an accused in the Tikku murder case and found out about his involvement after the team reached the Andheri crime branch office after picking up Gajkosh. \"The team was only informed about Gajkosh's involvement and hence the officers arrested him. Palande had accompanied the team because he was the only one who could identify Gajkosh,\" a senior officer told TOI.Shinde's colleagues confirmed to TOI that the officer was not aware of Palande's involvement in the crime at that time. \"As there was no information about Palande's arrest, he was allowed to use his cellphone. He (Palande) may have been tipped off, probably through an SMS, by someone while returning from Kharad,\" another officer said.Before Palande's involvement in the twin murders came to light, he was a regular fixture at the Andheri crime branch office; Palande had provided information that led to gangster Santosh Shetty's deportation from Bangkok . Palande would meet senior crime branch officials and brief them about Shetty's activities.The fact that Palande was Shinde's older brother's brother-in-law created suspicion about his involvement in the escape. It was also alleged that Palande was allowed to use Shinde's personal jeep. The jeep was found in the parking lot of Tikku's housing society and Shinde's police trousers were found in it. Sources said Shinde's brother-in-law Nitin Bhosle owned the vehicle. \"Every one in the family used the vehicle. At times, it was also used for police work,\" another officer said.Informer turns out to be a serial killerAndheri crime branch constable Amol Deshpande was suspe8nded for accompanying Palande to Amboli police station at the instance of inspector Sanjay Shinde. The cops had summoned Palande in connection with aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar's disappearance. It later turned out that Palande had murdered Kakkar. Shinde had also called the investigation officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372446", "title": "Mona's voice dubbed", "text": "In Friday's episode of \" Kya Hua Tera Vaada,\" if you thought Mona Singh's voice was not sounding right, you were right. The thin, melodious voice wasn't Mona's.The actor is down with a bad throat infection. Says Chloe Ferns, the creative head of the show, \"Mona has been advised complete rest by the doctor. But we could not leave her as the story is completely centred around her at the moment. So we went ahead with the shoot, but her voice was so inaudible that we had to get it dubbed by someone else.\" But the audience wasn't fooled. Mona's voice \u2014 with the husky, Punjabi tone \u2014 was clearly missed. When TOI got in touch with Mona, she messaged, \"Can't talk right now as I am not well. My voice had to be dubbed for that show because it was not fit for telecast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15308417", "title": "Raaz 3: When desires turn evil", "text": "CreditsDirector: Vikram Bhatt Cast: Emraan Hashmi, Bipasha Basu , Esha Gupta Producer: Mukesh Bhatt Banner: Vishesh Films Genre: Horror Release Date: September 7, 2012SynopsisNow this has a lot of mix-n-match in terms of its cast and crew. Vikram Bhatt who directed the first blockbuster in 2002 is back to direct the third installment. With his success in the horror genre ( 1920, Shaapit, Haunted ), Mukesh and Mahesh Bhatt, with whom Vikram had a fallout, roped him back for Raaz 3 .The film stars the lead pair of Jannat 2 - Emraan Hashmi and Esha Gupta. Also Bipasha Basu, who starred in the first part, returns in Raaz 3 . Vikram Bhatt gets his 3D expertise to the horror genre in this film too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "this is part bizarre and part funny. on a recent sunday, a bengali daily came up with a classified advertisement inviting calls for organizing shows on behalf of a tollywood heroine. what was surprising was not the ad per se, but the fact that a tollywood actor was allowing her photograph to be used in ad inserts for shows. the promotional lines in the insert read", "code": "15372391", "title": "Some gondogol in the Sampurna ad?", "text": "This is part bizarre and part funny. On a recent Sunday, a Bengali daily came up with a classified advertisement inviting calls for organizing shows on behalf of a Tollywood heroine. What was surprising was not the ad per se, but the fact that a Tollywood actor was allowing her photograph to be used in ad inserts for shows. The promotional lines in the insert read: \"S uperhit chhobi \"Gorae Gondogol\" er byastotomo nayika Sampurna Lahiri TV serial er \"Tare Ami Chokhe Dekhini\" r nayika Turki ekmatro jogajog...\" When TOI got in touch with Sampurna, she feigned ignorance about this ad, but added, \"I had agreed to do shows. There is nothing wrong in publicizing that.\" On being asked about her movie offers, she said, \"I have finished a Bengali movie with Dia Mirza and am shooting for Arindam Chakraborty's \"Ekti Ashare Golpo \u2014 Just Filmi\" . I am awaiting the release of \"Accident\".Considering that she has been described as the busiest heroine of \"GG\" and has interesting movies in the pipeline, doesn't it seem a little paradoxical that she has been featured in such an ad? \"It is a little embarrassing. I'll have a word with the person ( Uttam Das) I'm supposed to do the shows with,\" she said.On being asked about the ad insert, Das said, \"This ad is for shows and store openings. We've done such things in the past and are expecting a good response.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15367717", "title": "For House panel, Tirumala officials can do no wrong", "text": "TIRUMALA: That the cash-rich Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) continues to get its way and keeps getting away with functioning like a quasi-extraordinary body became clear yet again when a AP legislative committee team was forced to profusely laud the 'good work' done by the TTD that manages the affairs of the richest temple in the country.The TTD had faced much flak from legislators during the celebration of Vaikuntha Ekadasi who kicked up a big row over the denial of passes to them even as they ripped apart TTD chairman Bapiraju for issuing passes to select VIP pilgrims.Speaking to the media on Sunday after inspection of some facilities, deputy speaker and chairman of the appeals committee, Bhatti Vikramarka, praised TTD's efforts in providing good amenities, including healthy food, to the pilgrims. \"The food served at the massive Annaprasadam complex is very tasty. The amenities being provided to pilgrims in the waiting compartments, too, are good,\" Vikramarka said.He said that there was need for the accommodation booking system to be spruced up for the convenience of the pilgrims thronging the temple complex from various parts of the country. \"We have discussed a lot of issues with TTD authorities who have promised to soon attend to these,\" he added.The six-member committee paid a visit to the Dharmagiri Veda Pathashala which has been embroiled in controversies. The committee also inspected Vaikuntham queue complex 2, Annaprasada Bhavanam and the CRO office. The principal of Veda Pathashala Avadhani briefed the committee about the various amenities provided to the over 600 students at the facility. The committee expressed immense satisfaction with the functioning of the institution which has recently been much in news over allegations of sexual abuse of juniors by seniors.MLAs P Keshav, R Chandrasekhar Reddy, Satyavathi Rathod, Usha Rani and deputy EOs Munirathnam Reddy and Rajendrudu were present among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370250", "title": "Laptop stolen from car parked near school", "text": "NASHIK: A laptop worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from a car parked near Sarda Kanya School on Saturday. Vikram Mohite of Ajantha Nagari, Shikhre Wadi, Nashik Road, said he had parked his car near the school in between 11 am and 4 pm when the laptop was stolen. The Bhadrakali police are investigating the case.Theft of 95 kg copper winding: Copper winding weighing 95 kg and approximately 150 litres oil were stolen from Aarth Society, Jui Nagar, Satpur, on Saturday between 1.30 pm and 2 pm. Sujit Nashikkar, a resident of Perfect Plaza, Khutwad Nagar, said the cost of both was Rs 24,000. He lodged a complaint with the Panchavati police.House break-in: Cash and jewellery, totally worth Rs 62,400, were stolen from a closed flat at Asht Vinayak Tower, Thatte Nagar, in broad daylight on Saturday. Ramchandra Phuldevre said his flat was locked in between 11 am and 5 pm, when the latch was broken. The Gangapur police are investigating the case.Theft at Nashik Road bus-stand: With the rising trend of bus passengers being robbed of belongings, another incident came to light on Saturday when a 56-year-old woman, who took an ST bus from Nashik Road bus-stand for CBS found that some persons had opened her bag and stolen a pen drive, an ATM card and cash, totally worth Rs 12,000. The complainant said she alighted at the Nashik Road railway station and took a bus for CBS at 3.45 pm on Saturday. The Nashik Road police are investigating the case.Held for extortion: The Nashik Road police arrested Sachin Mankar on charges of extortion on Sunday. A complaint against Mankar was lodged by Shreyas Thergaonkar (25), from Laxmi Niwas, Shanti Niketan Society, Gangapur. According to the complaint lodged with the Nashik Road police, Thergaonkar had beaten up Mankar's brother-in-law. On Thursday, after 9.15 pm, Mankar came to Thergaonkar's hotel at Shindegaon and picked up an argument with his father Omprakash.Mankar said his brother-in-law was beaten up by the Thergaonkars after which he was admitted to hospital. Mankar roughed up Omprakash and the hotel manager and demanded Rs 50,000 for treatment and cash in lieu of a 30 gm gold chain allegedly lost in the fight.Mankar took away Rs 40,000 from Omprakash and demanded another Rs 1.10 lakh. Mankar said unless the money was returned, the hotel should not be run. He was produced before a court, which remanded him police custody till August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370217", "title": "Seed dealers' permission cancelled", "text": "NASHIK: The district agriculture development office has cancelled the permission of a seed dealer for tampering with labels of seed packets provided to farmers. The action came after farmers from Dindori complained about tomato seeds supplied by Syngenta and sold by a local dealer.The farmers had sown the seeds but the crops failed so they uprooted the crop and registered a complaint with the local agriculture development officer of the zilla parishad. The ZP told all seed supply stores to stop selling the seeds of that company and even withdrew the packets, besides carrying out a probe.ZP vice-president Sampat Sakale, along with agriculture officer Shivaji Amle, conducted the probe into the sale of seeds and confiscated material from both shops of Abhishek Krishi Bhandar in Panchavati and Dindori. The dealer had tampered with the labels and the agriculture department decided to permanently cancel the Bhandar's licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367803", "title": "Extended counselling dates posing problems", "text": "BHOPAL: Is it a thumb-down from students to engineering and computer courses in Madhya Pradesh? Answer seems yes as the directorate of technical education has to extend the registration and counselling dates in bachelor of engineering (BE), masters of business administration (MBA) masters of computer application (MCA) and pharmacy to attract students.Every year, DTE holds 3-4 counselling rounds of engineering which continues till September delaying start of the session. In order to streamline the session, DTE started the BE counselling before July this year.\"The extension in dates ends in delay in academic sessions, which consequently results in the campus placement problems,\" said Aarti Narang, a student.Another student Vikas Yadav said: \"I was happy when DTE announced the dates of BE counselling in June. But they extended the dates again defeating the purpose of streamlining the session.\" This year, DTE extended first round BE registration and counselling date from July 6 to July 19.The situation is even worse in MBA and MCA where last date of registration and counselling was extended from July 30 to August 11. Students who had not appeared in the Pre-MCA and MET exam had to wait as the registration and counselling will open after August 11.\"I could not appear for Pre-MCA exam. I came down to Bhopal on July 30 as it was the last date for Pre-MCA students. Now, I have to wait for August 11 as I am eligible to apply after that only,\" said Neera Kumari, who hails from Patna, Bihar. Interestingly, around 2,000 students have registered for the available 8,000 seats across Madhya Pradesh.DTE extended the dates of pharmacy courses. After declaring July 6 as the last date for registration and counselling, the DTE extended the date to July 19.The delay in session every year leads to multiple problems in delay campus placements. \"Corporate companies move to other states as most of the time they found that the academic session is still on,\" A city based engineering college's training and placement officer claimed on the condition of anonymity.Despite contacting several times, director technical education did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369263", "title": "Beary chief attack: 2 more held", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City police arrested two more persons in connection with the assault on Rahim Uchil, president of Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy. With this the total number of arrests in this case has gone up to five. On Saturday, Abdul Basheer, 27, of Surathkal and Hameed alias Saddam, 21, of Kodikal, who were absconding, were arrested.On March 15, miscreants made an attempt on Rahim Uchil's life at the Academy's office in Attavar. Police had earlier arrested Umar Farooq alias Munna Farooq alias Shan, 20, of BC Road, Abdul Saleem, 33, of Bunder, Mangalore, and Muhammad Rafique, 28, of Ullal, Mangalore. Rahim was in hospital for nearly two months following the incident and resumed his duties as president of the city-based academy recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369602", "title": "Vehicle series get exhausted in a \u2018jiffy\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city has the highest number of vehicles per capita in the country and the pace at which new cars and two-wheelers are being bought by residents, the situation is only getting worse. The number 9999 of any vehicle registration series is being reached in less than three months, except for 'aberrations' during months when sale of new vehicles takes a dip at the year end or during inauspicious days.The latest series CH-01-AP will be started in less than two months of the series (AN) being launched by the registration and licensing authority on June 15. The former series will be launched on August 9.The vehicle series with double alphabets was started in 2009, when CH-01-AA series was launched and at that time the numbers under the series got exhausted within 104 days, but since CH-01-AN, the last series, all vehicle series are getting exhausted in fewer and fewer days.M P S Chawla, member of the Chandigarh traffic advisory committee and former municipal councillor said, \"UT has failed miserably to start a useful public transport system in the city to attract people to avail the facility.Simultaneously, it has also failed to put a check on purchase of vehicles, which has been increasing by the day. It has already been suggested to the UT administration to start mini air-conditioned buses on V-5 (internal) roads to provide the best facility at people's doorstep, which would surely encourage people to use public transport, especially senior citizens.\"A senior officer of the registration and licencing authority said, \"We have been registering 250 to 300 vehicles on a daily basis due to which the vehicle registration number 9999 of a series is reached in 80 -85 days.\"As there is a large number of vehicles in the city, the high security registration plates -HSRP- will also be fixed on a series basis on old vehicles. These affixing of these plates will be launched from the end of the current month, as almost everything has been planned out already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15375229", "title": "Police detects 11 house break-in and vehicle theft cases", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrantwadi police have detected 11 house break-in and vehicle theft cases, following the arrest of three Rajasthani youths.Police have identified the suspects as Rajesh Jaigopal Thakur (25), Prabhuram Chogaram Patel (30) and Belaram Dalaram Patel (25) all presently residing at Saswad near Pune.A police patrol had nabbed three out of the seven suspects red handed while attempting to commit theft at a shop in Kale colony at Dehu phata on July 22, following a tip off.Senior police inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station on Monday said the police have seized two Wagon Rs, a motorcycle, sharp weapons and grocery goods worth Rs 8 lakh from the suspects.The suspects had mislead the police by giving false names, but the trio during interrogation had revealed their real names and had admitted their involvement in a spate of theft cases.According to Rathod, investigations have revealed that Rajesh and Prabhuram were earlier arrested in 10 cases and they were wanted in two theft cases registered with the Kothrud and Khadak police stations in 2011.Investigations have further revealed that the trio were earlier working at grocery shops before entering into the crime world. They had stolen grocery goods from various shops in the city. Rathod said the trio had plans to start a grocery shop for selling the stolen goods, but they were arrested.The cases detected are from Vishrantwadi, Nigdi, Sangavi and Khadak police stations in Pune and Loni Kalbhor police station in Pune rural and Kothwali police station in Ahmednagar district.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav told the TOI that the police team responsible for detecting 11 cases will be rewarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367701", "title": "Science City to mark Mars landing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Nasa's extraterrestrial explorer Curiosity rolls on planet Mars on Monday, the state students and science aficionados will get a close look at the entire mission at Science City. A slew of programmes have been planned to mark the event.The rover, launched in November last year, will reach the neighbouring planet on Monday afternoon as per Indian time. The rover has radioisotope thermoelectric generator and batteries for power supply and a mobile lab containing 10 instruments, including spectrometer, radiation detector, and soil sample analyzer. Curiosity has 17 cameras by which the operators on the Earth will navigate the vehicle on Mars' surface.One of the purposes of sending the vehicle, considered to be the largest and most sophisticated robotic explorer sent in the space, is to ascertain whether the planet had hosted microscopic life on its soil ever or has chances to sustain life. The mission will last two years.Senior scientist at Science City, Narottam Sahoo said that the landing can be witnessed live on Google+ video channel on Monday. \"Apart from the web video stream, we've a number of surprises. We've Mission to Mars exhibit in Hall of Space where we'll have simulation of the Mars Rover, the first vehicle sent to Mars. In the activity, the students will have to maneuver the vehicle and gather data in a time given,\" said Sahoo. \"Moreover, we will have an exhibit showing Curiosity's mission and purpose. The visitors can also see the planet through telescope.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368618", "title": "Bon voyage: Soon, lighthouses to give directions, weather updates", "text": "CHENNAI: After guiding ships since 1796, the lighthouse at Marina Beach will soon do more than just that. The lighthouse will work as a weather station and send alerts to minimize accidents in high seas due to bad weather.The modern weather broadcasting system, Navtex, will transmit weather alerts to vessels within 200 nautical miles from the coast. The Director General of Lighthouses and Lightships (DGLL) has approved the project and allocated 20.25 crore for the immediate installation of the weather system.Navtex is an international automated medium frequency system that transmits navigational and meteorological warnings and forecasts. The technology will help fishing trawlers and small passenger ships, which are more prone to accidents due to bad weather.A senior Director General of Shipping official said the system will help yachts, fishing boats, passenger and cargo vessels by giving them up-to-date marine safety information. \"At present, vessel captains receive the weather forecasts on high seas from different radio and satellite sources and the confusing alerts at a time from various sources always make it difficult for them to take a right decision,\" the official said.The system is in use by mariners in European and Gulf vessels and it is becoming more popular as it signals can be integrated with iPad and similar tablets. Navtex sends a minimum of four updates a day, including forecasts and warnings corresponding to the position and time of vessels.The DGLL has planned to install the system along the country's coastline. \"It has been a long pending project for the Union government and the delay has become an embarrassment for the government before IMO and other maritime nations. It is considered as a signatory to IMO, which insists Navtex services with complete coverage in all its member countries,\" the DGLL official said.Navtex is aimed to help vessels and boats going beyond 30 nautical miles from the coast. \"We are in the process of selecting seven transmission stations along the country's coastline, including Chennai. The nautical adviser of DG Shipping, DGLL and the Indian Meteorological Department will work together for the implementation and maintenance of this weather broadcasting system,\" said the official.The International Maritime Organisation (IMO) insists on the use of the system by all countries that involve maritime activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368216", "title": "Police eye on buses, trains to Gujarat, Karnataka", "text": "PUNE: Buses and trains plying to and fro from Gujarat and Karnataka are being watched as investigating agencies look for clues about the two unidentified men who bought cycles from a shop on the day five blasts occurred on JM Road.The police top brass on Sunday directed senior police inspectors of all police stations in the city to keep a close watch on passengers travelling between the two states.Investigating agencies have found that two men, who were speaking Gujarati, purchased the two cycles used for keeping bombs from a shop at Phadke Haud Chowk in the morning of August 1. Moreover, the blasts that rocked Pune were similar to the blasts that occurred in Bangalore in 2008.The teams of anti-terrorism squad (ATS) of Gujarat and Karnakata had visited the city following the blasts. They went to the sites and also had a meeting with the Maharashtra ATS. The investigators also gave them the sketches of suspects, which were prepared on the basis of descriptions given by the bicycle shop owner and his two employees.\"Police station heads were told to rigorously check lodges, conduct nakabandi and create awareness among people about abandoned objects found on roads. They were told to remain on their toes because the next two months are very crucial,\" a police officer said.Patil still in SassoonDayanand Patil, the tailor who was injured in the blast at Balgandharva chowk, is still undergoing treatment at the Sassoon general hospital. Doctors told TOI that Patil has been kept in the hospital on the directions of investigating agencies. A CT scan is likely to be conducted on Patil soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pallekele", "code": "15374074", "title": "India look to extend ODI domination in T20 against Sri Lanka", "text": "PALLEKELE: The world number two ranking clinched following a dominating 4-1 triumph in ODIs, India will now look to stamp their authority against Sri Lanka in the only Twenty20 international on Tuesday.India's domination was reflected in the margin of victory and they would look to carry their rampaging form to the shortest version of cricket as well.Sri Lanka and India have played only four T20s since 2009, with both teams winning two each and Mahendra Singh Dhoni's men will look to gain an upper hand on Tuesday.The match also holds prominence considering the fact that the T20 World Cup is round the corners and it would be hosted by Sri Lanka from September 18.The Indian team had a smooth comeback to international cricket after a rather long break. Their batters fared well and so did the bowlers.Even all-rounder such as Irfan Pathan performed satisfactorily, prompting coach Duncan Fletcher to say that he would soon command a regular place in the ODI team.Sri Lanka, on the other hand, had nothing to show beside the only victory in the second ODI in the five-match series and the hosts will now pin hopes on their young guns in the T20 international on Tuesday.Sri Lanka's problems were many. Losing Kumar Sangakkara through injury and having to contend with a below par Lasith Malinga and a Mahela Jayawardene reluctant to take more responsibility up the order.The silver lining, however, in the dark clouds was the unexpected gutsy performances of some of the lesser known names such as the left-handed Lahiru Thirimanne and Jeewan Mendis, not so young in terms of age.\"Very encouraging to see guys like Thirimanne and Mendis joining the show. We always depend on the likes of Sangakkaras, Jayawardenes and Dilshans to win games for us. We saw the guts Thirimanne and Mendis had. They almost pulled it through,\" Acting captain Angelo Mathews had said after the final ODI here.Among the seniors, Tillakaratne Dilshan has failed to fire in the ODI series. A solitary 50 was what he managed and there were a couple of single digit scores underlining Sri Lanka's woeful batting.Jayawardene, who should return on Tuesday after rather inexplicably opting to stay out of the final ODI, himself made only one 50 plus score in the ODIs. Chandimal who was pushed up the order to take charge was also not able to turn things around.Sri Lanka's bowling worries are even more acute than their batting. No bowler was able to make the desired impact on the Indian batsmen. Thisara Perera showed only a glimpse of the form he showed against the Pakistanis.With not so happy resources at command, it would be a big ask for the Sri Lankans to try and stop the Indians running away with T20 win to cap off an excellent tour of the island.The Squads (from):India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (captain), Virat Kohli (vice-captain), Gautam Gambhir , Suresh Raina , Virender Sehwag , Rohit Sharma , R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha, Zaheer Khan , Umesh Yadav , Ashok Dinda, Irfan Pathan, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary , Rahul Sharma.Sri Lanka: Mahela Jayawardene (captain), Angelo Mathews (vice-captain), Tillakaratne Dilshan, Kumar Sangakkara, Upul Tharanga, Dinesh Chandimal, Nuwan Kulasekara, Thisara Perera, Lahiru Thirimanne, Lasith Malinga, Chamara Kapugedara, Rangana Herath, Sachithra Senanayake, Jeevan Mendis, Isuru Udana.Match starts at 19:00 IST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "sshimoga", "code": "15369369", "title": "Shikaripur, BSY bastion may get district status", "text": "SSHIMOGA: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's overpowering clout in the BJP may soon manifest in another example: Shikaripur being declared as the 31st district of Karnataka.Of late, the BJP strongman has been vocal about this demand for his hometown and party sources indicate that going by recent events, he will have his way.If it happens, Shimoga district will face the third bifurcation in a span of 15 years. Former CM JH Patel had split the district to include his home taluk Channagiri and Honnali in Davanagere district.After Yeddyurappa's elevation as deputy CM in 2006 and later as CM in 2008, he had promised voters that Shikaripur would be upgraded to a district. Over the years, he devoted attention to building infrastructure in the taluk. The projects included office buildings, parks, concrete roads, a big bus stand, guest houses and upgradation of the hospital to a district-level healthcare centre.The former CM wants the new district to include four taluks -- Shikaripur, Soraba, Hirekerur and Honnali. This means two taluks from Shimoga district and one each from Haveri and Davanagere will be added to the new district - all covering a population of 12 lakh. Yeddyurappa's aides Haratal Halappa and MP Renukacharya are from Soraba and Honnali.Politically, the formation will benefit Yeddyurappa. He can strengthen his hold in the region and pave the way for the entry of his second son BY Vijayendra into politics, say partymen. His other son BY Raghavendra is now an MP from Shimoga.The move has met with stiff opposition from Sagar MLA Belur Gopalkrishna, an erstwhile loyalist of Yeddyurappa. He says the bifurcation of Shimoga will only help achieve the former CM's personal objective and nothing else. He plans to lead a delegation on Monday to persuade chief minister Jagadish Shettar not to yield to the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368263", "title": "North easterly winds from China highly polluted: Research", "text": "PUNE: If one thought China only poses economic and security threats to India, then he may be wrong. A team of scientists from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) in Pune has found that winds flowing from east Asian countries led by China are high on pollutants and account for nearly 30% pollution in the lower part of earth's surface in India during post-monsoon months of November-December. The transported pollutants consist of gaseous waste which can be extremely harmful to the respiratory system.On the other hand, pollution in winds flowing from India to China and North America is significantly less, said the research undertaken by IITM team led by Gufran Beig, programme director, System of Air Pollution Forecasting and Research (SAFAR).The study says that during winter, north easterly winds bring highly polluted air from China to India. These pollutants were seen to have travelled as far as Rajasthan and Gujarat. The south westerly winds from the Indian subcontinent to China and beyond did not transport significantly high levels of pollutants. This is because ozone pollution is quite less over the Indian subcontinent because of cloudy conditions and also because pollutants get washed out in rain.Beig told the TOI that the study showed that if a city has high pollution levels, its residents cannot be blamed entirely for it.\"Intercontinental pollution is an area of great concern for the international community as this long-range transport of pollutants moves from one country to another,\" Beig said.The study also found that winds coming into the sub-continent from the Himalayan region carry pollutants emitted in countries such as China, Nepal, Bhutan and even Indonesia . But since the Himalayan region is clean, cleaner air travels to other countries compared to the air that travels from other countries to India.The transported pollutants consist of oxides of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, hydro-carbon and ozone (it is toxic greenhouse gas when found close to the earth's surface). \"The cloud-like formations of pollutants also consists of suspended particulate matters and those particulate matters that are less than 2.5 or 10 micron in size (which includes black carbon mainly in the range of 2.5 microns), which can be extremely harmful to our respiratory system as they are easily inhaled,\" he said. Beig used 3-D atmospheric chemistry transport model on India's second largest super computer at IITM to draw these conclusions.The study established the long-range transport of pollutants from South Asia to other continents in the troposphere and vice versa. It also found that nearly 20% to 30% pollution comes from other regions depending on local weather conditions.According to Beig, if one considered the scenario near the surface then due to the limited lifetime of most of these criteria pollutants, it is very hard to establish that any country like India located far away from countries like North America, can have any impact whatsoever.\"A western scientist's reports that appear in a scientific journal every alternate year gives misleading titles like 'Indian emission polluting North America....' When one goes through the paper, it reads that pollution is about 6-8 km above the surface and not near the surface. Since it is not near the surface, it is in no way impacting public health or agriculture there. But this creates an impression as if Indian emission is increasing pollution near the surface for American citizens and adversely affecting their health,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368487", "title": "High rates give hope to cotton farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: After going through a tough phase last year, cotton farmers can expect slightly better rates for their produce in 2012. With the current outlook for prices, farmers would be spared an absolute loss even if they may not reap good profits by sowing cotton as it happened a couple of years ago. Cotton, which has been linked to the region's farm crisis, is harvested from November to February. However, their fortunes would crash if the government once again imposed a ban on exports.Rates of soybean, the second major crop of the region, are already on the boil in the hope that they may remain at a profitable level after settling down when fresh supplies arrive by October.There are several factors that may keep cotton prices better than last year. The MSP has been hiked to Rs 3900 a quintal from Rs 3300. At the same time, cotton sowing is estimated to have gone down by 10 to 15%. Traders expect these factors will keep prices of raw cotton in the range of Rs 4500 to 5,000. Although some find Rs 5,000 quintal a far cry this year too. Last year was bad as the rates which opened at Rs 4100 later crashed to Rs 3600 a quintal. But farmers had reaped unprecedented profits the year before when the prices crossed Rs 6,500 mark.Ravi Agrawal, a trader in Amravati, said the current rates were around Rs 5,500 a quintal. Even if the rates came down on fresh supplies, they are expected to remain in the range of Rs 4,500 to 5000 due to a reduced output this year. Any price above Rs 4,000 is profitable for the local farmer, he said.The global rates are down at 75 cents a pound and may inch up to around 80 to 84 cents in the coming months. \"The levels are much lower than the previous year when cotton fetched 120 cents a pound in the international market. However, lack of capacity to buy imported cotton by domestic textile units may keep the rates up at home on account of a fall in supply,\" said a trader engaged in purchase of cotton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "when shahid kapoor took to a social networking site on sunday to cheer for world champion mc mary kom a few hours before her olympic boxing match, he didn't know he would end up being the butt of all jokes! the actor tweeted", "code": "15371808", "title": "Shahid's typo error gets him famous on twitter again", "text": "When Shahid Kapoor took to a social networking site on Sunday to cheer for world champion MC Mary Kom a few hours before her Olympic boxing match, he didn't know he would end up being the butt of all jokes! The actor tweeted: '?@shahidkapoor: Bust them up marycom ............ U r indias million dollar baby ....... (sic)'From stand-up comedians to his followers on the site - a lot of people took a dig at the actor for the spelling error. While some directly corrected him, saying it's 'Mary Kom' and not 'Marycom', others went on to post sarcastic and tongue-in-cheek comments.Few of them tweeted: '@TheUnRealTimes: dotcom, sitcom, intecom etc and now thanks to the great Shahid Kapoor, new word to enrich English vocabulary - marycom (sic)'; '@Geethu_Jose: Are you mad? She is not an internet domain.'; ?'@KainazM: Why is Shahid Kapoor trending? Did he make some typo again?'; '@sukhkarni: Thank god for there's no grammar in Shahid Kapoor's dance moves (sic).' And, it went on and on.The actor obviously soon realised his mistake and wrote: 'Sorry its mary kom ..... Wat time is her match today ? (sic)'. But it did take a while for the storm to die and people to cut him some slack!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367821", "title": "Goat breeding is gaining prominence in India, says expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: Goat breeding is gaining prominence in the country due to a decline in the grazing area and natural resources, said Dr D Swaroop, Director, and Central Institute for Research on Goats (CIRG).Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of a two-day conference on goats called GOATTERY-2012, organized by the websites www.indianlivestockfarms.com in Coimbatore, Dr Swaroop said the central and state government have realised the importance of goats and have formulated various policy measures to implement the breeding of the animal in rural areas to help poor and needy people.Dr Swaroop said that more than 20 million households in India earn their livelihood by maintaining goats. \"Maintaining cow and buffaloes is more expensive; moreover, people do not have land for grazing, for accommodating and taking care of them, which makes goat a viable animal to breed,\" said the doctor.According to Dr Swaroop, there are 23 described native breeds of goats and another 8 non-described, which adapt to different climatic and geographic conditions. Breeding goats has many advantages, he says. Unlike other bigger livestock, goats can be maintained easily in small spaces and can be maintained by youth as well as senior citizens. Goat milk has medicinal value and therefore it has become a great source of income for goat breeders. \"One goat can fetch Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 without much inputs and the net profit can be anywhere between 15 to 20 per cent,\" Dr Swaroop affirmed.Goat breeding is popular in places like Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and other north Indian states. With increasing awareness, people in south are also moving towards goat breeding with state government support. However, more scientific awareness is required to breed these animals which would benefit the poor, Dr Swaroop said.On the research front Dr Swaroop said CIRG is carrying out extensive work to provide an animal, which has good body weight and high milk production when compared to the native population.Government of India under Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) has formed All India Coordinated Research Project on goat improvement, which has 14 research units covering 12 breeds of the country. The project is also working on developing value added products like new goat meat and milk products. CIRG is focusing on artificial insemination of goats for multiplying the population, which is under trial and at some places is already practiced. With success the central government is also trying to bring the goat farming as a mission to elevate the poverty, which would soon be a reality, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15368472", "title": "Yavatmal airport operationalisation a distant dream", "text": "Yavatmal: Despite assurances from political bigwigs, the operationalisation of Yavatmal airport and a night landing facility remain a distant dream.The western political bigwigs entered into a lease deed agreement with Reliance Industrial Development Corporation and handed over 113.93 hectares of land and infrastructure of the Yavatmal airport at an upfront premium of Rs. 3.24 crore with a performance security of Rs. 25 lakh on September 30, 2009.The deal was reached under the mandatory obligation of bringing the airport to operation within one year. The meagre amount was assured despite the fact that the airport was constructed at a cost of over Rs. 800 crore by Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). Many alleged that it was done by the western political bigwigs to achieve their political and personal mileage.Since then, politicians continue to declare that regular flights would be started from Yavatmal to various districts. Of late they also declared that 'night landing facility' will be launched at the airport.But enquiries made with the district administration, MIDC and Reliance Airport Developers Private Limited revealed that the idea of having regular flights from Yavatmal airport is nothing short of a utopian theory under the prevailing condition.The airport was constructed in 1998 on a piece of land admeasuring 113.93 hectares to facilitate air traffic, which in turn, would push industrial development in the region. The airport was later modernized in 2006. and a runway of 1,400 metres long and 45 metres width was constructed, coupled with an apron measuring 80 metres by 40 metres, besides a small terminal building.After passing a resolution at the board meeting, MIDC floated a tender to hand over its five airports, namely, Yavatmal, Nanded, Latur, Baramati and Osmanabad and it received three bids for the lease of Baramati and Osmanabad while two bids were received for Yavatmal, Nanded and Latur. Reliance Airport Developers Private Limited was the lowest bidder and the tender was accorded for them for the upgradation, operation and maintenance of the airport.The upfront premium accepted by the MIDC for the five airports was Rs. 63 crore and Yavatmal was the lowest bidder. The break-up of the amount is - Baramati (Rs. 26.28 crore), Nanded (Rs. 17.82 crore), Osmanabad (Rs. 9.72), Latur (Rs. 5.94 crore) and Yavatmal (Rs. 3.24 crore) respectively.Despite inking the lease deed, the MIDC spent Rs. 21.15 crore for Yavatmal, Rs. 110 crore for Nanded, Rs. 14 lakh for Latur, Rs. 89 lakh for Osmanabad on the excuse of fulfilling the terms and conditions of lease agreement.It shows that Yavatmal airport having 113.93 hectare land and infrastructure fetches Rs. 95 during the lease period besides the peanut of Rs. 3.24 crore.District guardian minister Nitin Raut told TOI that he had taken up the issue of starting regular flights followed by the night landing facility with the top brass of Reliance Airport Developers and instructed them to go operational at the earliest.He also announced that night landing would be made available at the airport in a fortnight, which has been politicians' routine assurance.While night landing facility involving over Rs. 10-12 crore is a distant dream, the airport is not yet made operational even for regular flights in day time.Airport manager Neeraj Dhope said, \"The company has been running the five airports at a heavy loss. Yavatmal is not yet made operational and it is a remote possibility to make it real in the next few years.\" The reason for the delay is that the PCN (Pavement Classification Number) of Yavatmal is only 15 which is much less than the regular requirement of 50-60 PCN, said Dhope.The operational head of the company Binu Varghese at Mumbai said, \"We are only operator and not airliner. We shall be able to operate only if there is traffic viability.\"\"We have fulfilled our obligations such as runway marking, terminal building renovation despite the MIDC finally handed over the airport on June 2010,\" he said.Chief executive officer and HoD of the five airports Ravi Radhakrishan made it clear that unless there is a political will to convince the state government to provide concessions, the airport cannot be made operational in near future.\"We have asked the government to invite airlines to start regular flights of 10 to 15-seater aircrafts. Only then we shall be able to think of night landing,\" said Ravi.\"We tried to attract the airliners to Yavatmal but due to non-availability of passenger flow, nobody is ready to accept their offer.In other places, regular flights, flying clubs and other related activities are going on, he said.When asked about the threat given by the district guardian minister to revoke the lease deed if the company failed to perform, Ravi said, \"We are happy to see it and advised the minister to spend few hours to learn about the basics of airlines operation.According to Neeraj, the airport is being used for air trip of ministers including CM and Dy CM. Prominent personalities who used the airport include chief minister (4), deputy chief minister (4), Manikrao Thakre, Rajendra Darda, Vikhe Patil for his Mahur temple trips (3), Sardar brothers with foreign signatories and flying club operators.Surprisingly, the aerodrome is being used by ministers and political bigwigs almost free of cost.The airport was given to the company as part of the package despite stiff resistance from top MIDC officials as they felt that the lease could have been made through the industry ministry with an impressive price tag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15370085", "title": "3,334 special kids to study from home", "text": "KOCHI: This year, 3,334 differently abled children who couldn't go to school due to severe disability are being provided home-based education by a resource teacher appointed under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme. Last year 2,305 students were provided home based education.To ensure that no child having special needs is deprived of the right to education and is taught in an environment that is best suited to their learning needs, SSA has initiated number of activities to fulfil the objectives of primary education. SSA ensures that every child with special needs, irrespective of the kind, category and degree of disability, is provided meaningful and quality education.\"Most of these children have learning difficulties, which makes it difficult for them to go to school. Therefore, they are provided home based education\", said an SSA official.In the beginning of this academic year, SSA conducted surveys at the block level to trace children with special needs. As per statistics, 1,88,051 children with special needs in the age group of 6 to 14 have been identified. Of these, almost 1,05,616 are boys and 1,88,051 are girls. Most of them are enrolled in schools as part of inclusive education.In contrast, SSA survey in the last academic year had traced 1,22,156 children with special needs, of which 1,19,852 were enrolled in school. Almost 2,305 children were provided home based education. \"The children who were identified were asked to participate in a medical camp, wherein they were examined by a team of qualified doctors, who prescribed aids and appliances for the kids based on their degree of disability\", the official said. Nearly 36,693 children were given devices to aid them and surgery was recommended for early cure in extreme cases to 112 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368741", "title": "Four hurt as actor\u2019s car runs amok", "text": "CHENNAI: An actor lost the plot and control of his car on Sunday, leaving four people injured as his vehicle careened across Poonamallee High Road and slammed into a motorcycle and two autorickshaws.Police said 24-year-old Sri Ranjan alias Suresh, lead actor in the film 'Theni Mavattam', ready to be released soon, was returning home after shooting for a documentary film through the night and fell asleep at the wheel. A police inspector was among the four injured in the accident and sustained serious head injuries.Anna Square traffic investigation police arrested the actor and registered a case against him under IPC Sections 279 (rash driving), 337 (endangering life), 338 (causing grievous hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others).An investigating officer said Sri Ranjan was heading to Raja Annamalai Road in Purasawalkam from Poonamallee when the car (TN-09, AZ 9995) hit a motorcycle as inspector Anandan, 50, of CID's security branch, was going to park the two-wheeler. He was speaking to a sub-inspector, Ganesan, and a relative, Govardhan, who had been riding pillion with Anandan, was still on the pillion when the car slammed into them.\"Anandan and Govardhan were thrown from the motorbike,\" the officer said. \"Anandan suffered serious head injuries and Govardhan was badly bruised.\"He said the car then hit two autorickshaws, one that had parked on the roadside and another vehicle that was moving. \"The impact caused the moving autorickshaw to turn turtle,\" the officer said. \"Autorickshaw drivers Prabhudas, 40, and Munivelu, 43, were injured.\" They were rushed to Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH) where doctors said their condition was stable.The actor sustained injuries to his left hand and was treated at KMCH.Anna Square traffic investigation inspector G Ravi Chandran said Sri Ranjan had been shooting the entire night and was returning home without catching any sleep. \"The actor was drowsy and lost control of the vehicle,\" he said. \"The car came to a halt only after it hit the autorickshaws.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15369600", "title": "Varanasi ranks 2nd in refusal cases of polio vaccination", "text": "VARANASI: \"Although not even a single case of polio has been reported in Varanasi in the last three years, the city ranks second after Agra in number of refusal cases towards polio vaccination in the state apart from being a high risk area for the spread of the disease\", informed Dr CS Moghe, sub regional team leader, World Health Organisation (WHO), while addressing District Polio Plus Orientation Planning Meet and Workshop organised by Inner Wheel District 312 on Sunday.According to Moghe, although India has been unlisted from the polio endemic countries, it needs to complete three years without a new case to be tagged fully polio free country. \"For that matter, proper care has to be taken in controlling the spread of the disease from countries like Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria, which are still polio endemic countries and at the same time high routine immunization have to be promoted\", he said. According to Moghe, Varanasi is considered a high risk area in the spread of the disease.\"Shockingly, Arazilines and Kashi Vidyapeeth, blocks which are closed to urban belt top the list with over 35 refusal cases every year. Infact people dwelling in posh localities like Sigra, Belupur, Durgakund and Muslim areas including Rewari Talab, Kashipura, Badi Bazar, also refuse polio immunization\", he said.According to records of WHO, while in India, 90 per cent of the refusal cases come from areas inhabited by Muslims and only 10 per cent by Hindus and other communities, the district level records of Varanasi are entirely different. \"In Varanasi 45 per cent refusal cases come from Muslim areas while 55 per cent such cases come from areas dwelt by people of other community\", he informed.According to Dr Debashish, representative from UNICEF, \"While myths and belief are the prominent reasons of polio vaccine refusal by people in the city, people also refuse the vaccination by door to door workers stating the plight of development issues like condition of roads, sewage, drinking water facility knowing that the eradicating programme is a government initiative. Few refusal cases have also emerged by people not trusting the ingredient or content of the vaccine\", he informed.According to Dr Gyan Prakash, chief medical officer (CMO), while addressing the meet said, \"City completely lacks, proper disposal of the sewage, sanitation and cleanliness, which is one of the reasons city is a high area.Polio virus becomes active during rainy season and thus proper hygiene and sanitation along with routine vaccination is necessary to eradicate the disease completely. Around 6000 workers including ANMs, health workers, Anganwadi workers are already working in this regard\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15369654", "title": "Police brutality alleged over Amma attacker\u2019s death", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Callousness on the part of police and mental hospital authorities has allegedly led to the death of 23-year-old law student from Bihar, Satnam Singh Man. Man's cousin Vimal Kishore, who was called in to be present during the inquest, has squarely blamed the police.Man, who was arrested by Karunagappally police for advancing towards Matha Amritananda Mayi at her ashram at Vallikavu allegedly to attack her, was found lying unconscious in the bathroom of the Government Mental Hospital, Peroorkada, on Saturday night. He was declared dead at the medical college hospital.Karunagappally police had shifted Man to the hospital on Friday after he showed symptoms of mental instability. Peroorkada police have registered a case of unnatural death.Additional district magistrate P K Girija has met the superintendent of the hospital, Dr G Sunil Kumar, and directed him to prepare a report with statements of doctors and staff of the hospital. Meanwhile, tahsildar Hari S Nair conducted an inquest on the body of the deceased in the presence of the ADM and superintendent.The inquest found several injury marks on Man's body, suspected to be inflicted during a brawl. There were around 30 bruises all over his body and a bite mark on his thigh. There were also bruises on his head caused either by beating with a blunt weapon or by banging his head on the wall.The post-mortem has been postponed to Monday following a request from Vimal Kishore, who told authorities that Man's father would arrive only on Monday.Man reportedly was violent when he was brought to the hospital on Friday. He was first put in a cell alone in the forensic ward but later shifted to another cell on Saturday in the same ward along with another inmate. There was a scuffle between the two the same evening and Man was again put in a single cell, Dr Sunil revealed.He confirmed that when Man was brought to the hospital from Kollam there were no injuries on his body. But after the violence in the hospital there were injury marks. He was seen lying unconscious in the bathroom inside the cell when the wardens went to serve food. He was immediately shifted to the medical college hospital, Dr Sunil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369412", "title": "Allahabad University to elect women cell members today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The elections for Women Advisory Board to elect five teacher representatives and the Chairperson will be held at the campus on Monday (August 6). The elections will be held under the observation of the Dean Student Welfare Prof RK Singh and not by the returning officer as she is also among the contestants.DSW is also the acting chairperson of Women Advisory Board (WAB) and the ex-officio member of WAB. The DSW said, \"The venue of the elections has been changed from the common hall of Kalpana Chawla hostel to the newly constructed hostel at Women's College Campus. The voting will be held from 11am to 2pm and the ballot paper will have names of all regular female teachers of AU and for the post of Chairperson of WAB, the female faculty members, total 84 in numbers, can tick on the name of any of the 37 professors of AU and the one getting maximum ticks will be elected as chairperson. Likewise, for other five representatives among the teaching faculty members, teachers have to tick the names of five teachers, irrespective of their designation and faculty, provided that at least one name should be from the science faculty.The faculty member getting the second maximum ticks will be elected for the post of secretary and the third maximum ticks will be elected for the post of WAB treasurer.Although five representatives and the chairperson will be elected, DSW Prof RK Singh, the director Centre for Women Study, Prof Sunita Parmar, the senior most superintendent, among female teachers of AU, Chanda Devi and the Chief Proctor are among the members of WAB.Among the rest WAB members, a panel consisting of all the five elected members along with the dean students welfare (DSW), deans of four faculties will select the names of four girl students each from the four faculty of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368780", "title": "Retired man robbed of Rs 2.63 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: A 62-year-old retired man was left stunned after Rs 2.63 lakh cash, which he described as his life's savings, went missing from his briefcase when he reached home at Pune from Nagpur on August 1. Maroti Indulkar, who had withdrawn Rs 2.50 lakh after ending a fixed deposit, was taking the cash to help his only daughter pay the installment of the house she had recently purchased.A former family friend is now under scanner for the theft. Sujit Somkuwar, who has a tailoring business, being quizzed by police. Indulkar family had befriended Somkuwars from the Friends colony while they stayed as neighbours and also had shops adjacent to each others' in the early 2000. In 2002, Indulkar shifted to Pune after serving in the Koradi Thermal Power Station for 28 years. In 2009, Indulkar retired from service.On July 31, Indulkar had come to city to withdraw the cash. He went to Somkuwars' for lunch. Indulkar claimed that Somkuwar, who was supposed to take him to railway station, had picked up his briefcase having cash 15 minutes before he reached the car. \"I was speaking to my wife on mobile phone when Somkuwar left with the briefcase,\" he said. Later on too, Sujit and his briefcase were left in the car when Indulkar stepped out to purchase some medicine.\"The briefcase was locked and key kept in the handbag. The lock was intact when I opened the briefcase at home. In fact, there was everything in the briefcase except the cash,\" he said. Indulkar immediately spoke to Somkuwar in Nagpur when he found the cash missing. However, Somkuwar denied having anything to do with the cash. The shock even left Indulkar unwell. He approached police in Pune but was directed to Nagpur. Indulkar approached Gittikhadan police which registered an offence and also summoned Somkuwar for questioning. \"Somkuwar has a loan to pay off,\" he said.Police sub-inspector PB Patil of Gittikhadan police station said that no concrete evidence regarding the theft had come to fore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368612", "title": "Centralised oxygen supply for King George's Medical University", "text": "LUCKNOW: The King George's Medical University is working to adopt Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Science's model for distribution of oxygen supply.The said system would be applicable for trauma centre and centenary hospital to begin with and would be extended to other departments later on. A decision to this effect was taken following crisis of oxygen cylinders that gave a tough time to patients, attendants and doctors on duty.Chief medical superintendent, KGMU, Prof SN Shankhwar said, \"In SGPGI, they have a central overhead tank for supply of oxygen. But here, we are using oxygen cylinders. To reduce human intervention in the system, we decided to go the SGPGI way.\"He said a team from medical university would visit SGPGI to study the specifications in detail on Monday.Meanwhile, rumours were making rounds in the medical university throughout the day. It was learnt that the hospital administration had cancelled all surgeries except the emergency procedures.However, medical university denied any such orders. \"No medical service was affected. And we have ample supply of oxygen cylinders to support various patient needs,\" said the CMS.According to media reports, on Friday at 5pm, the public relation officer of KGMU sent letter to all the departments including the emergency, and asked the doctors not to undertake any major operation, as the medical university was having only 22 oxygen cylinders, which could last for barely two hours.As a result, on Friday nearly 25 operations had to be called off due to shortage of oxygen cylinders. This includes 12 operations of general surgery, and three operations of urology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368668", "title": "SC to decide UP mayors' fate today", "text": "LUCKNOW: A month after they were elected with much fanfare, the 12 mayors of the state will wait with bated breath as the Supreme Court takes up a petition to decide their fate on Monday. The apex court is likely to pronounce its verdict on the petition that challenged the reservation of mayoral seats in the state. The petition was filed on June 11, a fortnight after the State Election Commission and the state government issued the notification for the local bodies poll on May 25.The stakes are high, especially for the BJP, which found its sagging spirits vaulting to new a height after 10 out of 12 party candidates were declared elected on July 7 after the four-phase local bodies' elections.Before the notifications were issued on May 25, the newly elected SP government overturned the BSP government's notification for mayoral seats' reservation. It notified a fresh reservation system for mayoral seats, which was challenged in the apex court on June 11.When the petitioner Rakesh Gautam challenged the reservation format of mayors, the State Election Commission had already set the ball rolling for the local bodies elections. It however posted a rider that the results would be subjected to the order of the Supreme Court. The order is likely to come on Monday. \"Anything can happen. I may become former mayor once again,\" said Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma on Sunday. \"Whatever be the result we have to honour it,\" Sharma said told TOI. Officials in the State Election Commission though refused to say much about the petition, they admit that that the elections will have to be conducted if the apex court's verdict goes against the present format of reservation. Officials also confirmed that the overall process appears to have got entangled into a legal mesh. \"We are keeping our fingers crossed for August 6, when SC takes up the case. It may give a judgment or fix the next date,\" said a senior official in the State Election Commission.Sources, at the same time, cited previous instances when affected parties or candidates had either filed a review petition. \"It would not be as easy game as it appears,\" said a mayoral candidate, who did not wish to be identified.The local bodies' elections, in fact, have been passing through a turbulent phase from the time when they were supposed to have been held at the appointed time in November 2011. But, with the Mayawati government not taking any chances in the wake of assembly elections, the elections were delayed citing one or the other reason. Though BSP first refused to contest the elections, it later allowed contesting candidates to show their affiliations to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374333", "title": "Salman Khan's Dabangg 2 to release on Dec 21", "text": "Salman Khan-Sonakshi Sinha starrer 'Dabangg 2' is half-way through and will hit the theatres on 21 December .The film is a sequel to the 2010 blockbuster of the same name and is being directed by Salman's younger brother Arbaaz Khan .\"Well for all the Chulbul Pandey fans... Dabangg 2 is almost 60 percent complete, we resume shoot after the promotion and release of 'Ek Tha Tiger'.\" Dabangg 2 is slated for an end of the year Christmas release... 21st Dec 2012,\" he posted on his Twitter page.\" Dabangg 2\" will also star Vinod Khanna and Prakash Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367761", "title": "State may lose battle to keep food grain prices in check", "text": "MUMBAI: The fight to keep food prices affordable is losing steam amid the drought looming large over the state.Soaring temperature and poor rainfall have devastated harvests across the state's farmlands. Over 53% of the state is now affected by deficient rainfall, according to official data. Out of 355 talukas in Maharashtra, about 191 talukas have received less than 75% of the normal rainfall. This has severely crippled kharif harvest even as the end of the sowing season draws near.The production of cereals and pulses is the worst hit among all kharif crops, raising concerns of further increase in food prices. According to information released by the Centre's empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on drought, only 56% of the normal area under cereal cultivation has so far been sown.The average sown area during monsoon between 2003 and 2008 was 49.82 lakh hectare (cereals), 24.37 lakh hectare (pulses).Among cereals, the sown area under bajra (43% of normal), paddy (57%), and ragi or finger millet (58%) continues to arouse concern. The state government is hoping that a good spell of rain in the final leg of monsoon will help reduce the shortfall of these crops. Among pulses, while 94% area has been sown with tur, sown area under green gram (moong) and split black gram (udid) and other coarse cereals remains at 63%, 61% and 30% of the normal average.Indicating that farmers are opting for cash crops, which require more water, the area sown under sugarcane and cotton is 134% of the normal average. Similarly, area under oilseeds is 115% of the average.To reduce the shortfall of kharif crops, the state has decided to adopt measures including optimal utilization of rainfall and enhancing fodder production and sought financial assistance from the Centre for these projects. Plans are afoot to provide alternative employment under the job generation scheme by expanding the outreach of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Assurance scheme. Poor rainfall has also kicked in a severe drinking water shortfall, especially in Marathwada, Nashik and Pune, where the live water storage percentage in reservoirs (on August 1) was at 9%, 19% and 33% .Maharashtra government fast-tracks drought planMaharashtra government has decided to undertake drought mitigation measures during monsoon.The traditional practice has been to adopt such measures after the full extent of the drought is known post-monsoon. Various government departments have been assigned specific tasks to ensure that a six-point programme to counter the crisis is achieved.The plan includes measures to conserve rainwater for drinking and optimum utilization of rainwater to salvage kharif crops, increase storage, strengthening of existing water resources, enhancing fodder production and providing alternative wage employment. In a bid to maintain transparency, the government has also decided to ask officials to shoot its initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367954", "title": "Youths beat up traffic cop", "text": "MUMBAI: Five youths were arrested by the Gamdevi police on Sunday for manhandling a traffic cop after he had stopped them for rash driving. The incident took place at Gamadia Junction around 5.45pm.Six youths, in their mid-twenties, were riding on three motorbikes. They were travelling from the Mahalaxmi temple to Pedder Road. As they weren't wearing helmets and going at a high speed, on-duty traffic constables gestured them to stop.\"But the group refused to slow down and sped further to avoid being penalized. The traffic constables gave them a chase and managed to nab five, while the sixth youth escaped,\" said a police official. The youths verbally abused the traffic cops. When one of the constables, Sachin Bandgar, tried to detain the youths, they manhandled him and pushed him to the ground. Bandgar was treated for minor injuries.The youths were taken into custody by the Gamdevi police and will be produced before a metropolitan court on Monday. The youths are residents of the eastern suburbs. They have been booked on charges of 'assaulting a government servant.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15373128", "title": "Bangalore Microsoft lab draws global interns", "text": "BANGALORE: Humanities student Katherine Sydenham, an American researcher of French origin, was recently introduced to coding, courtesy her stint with Microsoft Research Lab India.The 27-year-old PhD student from University of Michigan , School of Information, is a summer intern at the company's research facility in Bangalore, where over 60 graduate, postgraduate and research students from eight countries are currently doing their internships.\"I am doing an ethnographic study of technology evangelists (for proprietary software and free/open source software) and religious evangelists to look at similarities and differences in the way groups approach. The study will help me find out advocacy efforts put in by groups for their products and/or belief system,\" said Sydenham. She is working on her thesis, 'Technology in developing countries', gathering valuable inputs from the internship course.\"I have a background in religious studies and am interested in how individuals, who do not consider themselves 'tech-savvy' or capable of learning about computers, are included or excluded from conversations about technology, especially software,\" she added.Another 27-year-old PhD student from The University of Austin, department of computer science, Vacha Dave, is working on detecting and defeating click fraud. \"The experience has been great,\" she said.Microsoft Research Lab has 35 researchers and 10 developers who mentor interns on areas like algorithms and modeling; cryptography and complexity; machine learning and optimization; mobility, network and systems; multilingual systems, programming languages and tools; security and privacy; technology for emerging markets; and vision and media. The lab takes interns for a period of two to six months.\"Getting fresh blood into the system is an integral part of research. We are exposed to new ideas that the interns bring with them,\" said Sriram Rajmani, assistant managing director, Microsoft Research-Bangalore.Often, interns return to the lab again after a short stint to pursue other research interests. Arun Chaganty, who recently completed an undergraduate course in computer engineering from IIT-Madras, is set to complete his third internship stint at the lab in a couple of months. The 22-year-old, who has already got admission to a foreign university, said the three stints have been a great learning experience for him. \"I learnt how to conduct research, and the experience definitely honed my skills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15368649", "title": "Thanks to rains, water level in Bawanthadi rises", "text": "BHANDARA: The Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project is ready for irrigation in rabi season as sufficient water has been stored in the dam, thanks to good rains in the district. Now, there is 20 million cubic water in the dam and the level has risen to 332.10 metres.\"In the first year of completion of project 70 MC water will be stored in the dam and in September the gates of the dam will be closed for storing water for irrigation purpose. The dream has come true after 37 years,\" said executive engineer of Bawanthadi irrigation project Hitendra Chandewar.Chandewar said that the project has command area of 55,000 hectares and 150 villages are in situated in it. Out of these 150 villages, 77 are from Tumsar, Mohali and Bhandara taluka of the district. Farmers in command area will get the benefit as water for irrigation will be available throughout the year. With sufficient water in the command area, the farmers may change their crop to sugarcane and banana. Bed level of the dam is 318 meters and dam height 348 meters.The executive engineer said that 99% of the 400km long canal network has been completed and only 1.5km work is left to be done. \"It will be completed soon before September,\" he said, adding, \"The Gabarwahi regional water supply scheme has already come into force and drinking water is being supplied to the beneficiary villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15367762", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party wants to go Sena way", "text": "The Shiv Sena has received a certificate of merit from unexpected quarters. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , once arch political rival of Sena chief Bal Thackeray , has urged party activists to build up the organization on the lines of Shiv Sena shakhas across the metropolis, to know the pulse of the people.Pawar observed that for the aam admi, the shakhas were the real centres for redressal of routine grievances. Whether for school admissions, unavailability of water or lack of proper treatment in civic hospitals, aggrieved persons have been knocking at the doors of shakhas. In the past too, Pawar praised Thackeray, but it was for the first time that the former chief minister lauded the network of shakhas. Ever since Thackeray set up the Sena more than four and a half decades ago, he concentrated on redressal of grievances of the sons of the soil.Each and every ward in the metropolis has a functional shakha. Senior Sena leaders, including corporators, legislators and MPs, are available in shakhas for deliberations with party activists and for the aam admi. Thackeray knew that if party leaders are easily accessible, it will help galvanize the organization at the grassroots level.The network of shakhas is yielding results and for 20 years, the Sena is controlling the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, the richest civic organization in Asia.In the case of the NCP, set up in 1999, after Pawar decided to split from the Congress, senior party leaders were inaccessible and drifted away from the common man.It is to be seen if the NCP activists set up shakhas and become more accessible or continue to function from ivory towers.Patil takes on transfer powersHigh-profile home minister R R Patil is at the receiving end for unexpectedly withdrawing powers of the director-general of police and Mumbai police commissioner to shift sub-inspectors, assistant inspectors and inspectors. Patil, a champion of decentralization of power, has taken up the powers to transfer the officials.A high-ranking IPS official said this came after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan did not consider Patil's recommendations, while shifting officers.A month ago, when Patil had submitted a list of officials due for transfer, he expected Chavan to return the file with changes, as was the practice during the tenures of Ashok Chavan and Vilasrao Deshmukh . But Prithviraj sought details of the proposal submitted by DGP K Subramanyam and orders were issued as per recommendations of the DGP.Another reason for withdrawal was the appointment of a honest and tough official, Sanjeev Dayal, as DGP. Out-going DGP Subramanyam never obliged politicians, particularly over postings. It's known that Dayal will not implement illegal and politically motivated transfers and postings. When Dayal was Mumbai police commissioner, he never allowed political interference in day-to-day administration and kept politicians at a distance.IPS officers feel Patil will weaken the institution of the DGP and Mumbai commissionerate. Once the powers to transfer are withdrawn, politically influential officers may not take the DGP or CP seriously.Comments too lateA week ago, K Subramanyam, one of the most respected officers, retired from service after 36 years in the police force. Subramanyam was among officers who would never take decisions at the behest of a minister or a politician. But senior colleagues in the IPS and IAS feel his remarks against controversial assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble came too late. Ever since Dhoble, a trusted aide of Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik, cracked the whip against bars and pubs, he was at the receiving end, since by and large, it as believed that he was targeting a section of bar and pub owners.Dhoble created the impression that girls and boys moving around after midnight had bad characters.On the day of retirement, Subramanyam said Dhoble was exceeding his brief and most of his actions were in haste and unwarranted. A former DGP felt he could have told Patnaik to halt the raids, but he never did, as he did not get an \"opportunity\" to interact with the CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "it was an evening steeped in remembrance as the city's culturatti gathered for rediscovering guru dutt, a 360 degree rendition of the book, ten years with guru dutt", "code": "15372150", "title": "Rediscovering Guru Dutt", "text": "It was an evening steeped in remembrance as the city's culturatti gathered for Rediscovering Guru Dutt, a 360 degree rendition of the book, Ten years with Guru Dutt: Abrar Alvi's Journey , by Sathya Saran.The event was staged by the Prabha Khaitan Foundation in association with Club Verde Vista. On stage, actors reprised iconic Guru Dutt moments \u2014 the Guru Dutt-Waheeda Rehman chemistry in \"Pyaasa\", the Guru Dutt-Meena Kumari romance in \"Sahib, Biwi Aur Ghulam\" and many more. We spotted designer Sharbari Dutta, director Suman Ghosh, Harsh and Madhu Neotia and Sundeep Bhutoria at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15375309", "title": "Yahoo hacking reveals 10 most common passwords", "text": "WASHINGTON: A security breach at the offices of internet search giant Yahoo, which led to over 450,000 login details being leaked online, highlights how careless internet users are while choosing their passwords.Last month, a hacking collective posted account information belonging to thousands of Yahoo users on a public website in what they described as 'a wake-up call'. According to Enterprise Innovation, the incident showed that the company that holds user details in question has poor user security, which allows the hackers to grab this important data.But most importantly, it tells how blind internet users are when it comes to password security.According to the report, out of 442,837 passwords that were published, the top ten passwords were \"123456,\" \"password,\" \"welcome,\" \"ninja,\" \"abc123,\" \"123456789,\" \"princess,\" \"sunshine,\" \"12345678,\" and \"0\". The word \"'qwerty\"' (the first six letters appearing on the top left letter row of a US keyboard when read left to right, came in at number 11.Despite their obvious weakness, numeric-only passwords still appear popular and make up nearly 6 percent of the total, with nearly one-fourth of those being a list of numeric values on the keyboard in order from 1 - 0 such as 123456 or 1234. According to the report, one must follow a simple rule for strong passwords in a bid to avoid their accounts being hacked.First, mix up letter and numbers. Second, use a minimum of eight characters. And third, do not use real words or sequential numbers such as password 1234 5678.But if you must, mix them up, such as p1a2s3s4w5o6r7d8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369720", "title": "40 years on, why are we unable to account for 72 prisoners of war?", "text": "A little over a decade ago, the Indian media fussed over the release of one Roop Lal Shaharia (who has since been forgotten). Like Surjit Singh, released this year after 30 years, Shaharia returned home 26 years from the day he was picked up in Pakistan. Quietly arrested , such men disappear into the bowels of the prison system. Espionage is a dirty game but serving officers of legitimate armies do have some entitlements. Why then are we unable to account for 72 prisoners of war for more than 40 years?India and Pakistan have both signed and ratified the Geneva conventions, which deal with the laws of war, including the repatriation of POWs. Yet those who have tried hard to lobby for the release of their kin, have had little luck. Apart from family collectives, human rights groups and retired officer associations, no one else really gives a damn, although we are each, culpable.Forty years ago when India and Pakistan went to war, tanks rolled and cracked the earth, fighter jets lit up the skies, mens' limbs were amputated, and others blown away entirely. A large number of Pakistani soldiers \u2014 there are conflicting numbers \u2014 found themselves in chains, and the humiliated Pakistani army bowed down in surrender. In India, amidst this debris of war, people yelled Jai Hind in the streets, and distributed mithai to one another, slapping backs in victory and embracing the acrid smell of war victory. The history books noted it down, here, as the War of Liberation, and a new nation \u2014 Bangladesh \u2014 was born.But ask yourselves what that victory means if one of your kin happened to find himself in 'enemy' territory. Ask yourself whether you would care about victory if you'd have to have been the son of the highestranking officer in the country to achieve release from captivity.There are 72 names \u2014 54 Indians and 18 Pakistanis \u2014 that have been thrown around, lists that have been compiled out of love and frustration and anger. Lists that indicate that if not all, surely a small number must be in a jail in Pakistan or in India.A retired Indian colonel Narinder Bhatia has been building a case for government involvement. One of his friends , colonel (retired) Ashok Suri has a personal reason for being interested. Suri, of the Kumaon Regiment, met his namesake, Ashok Kumar Suri days before the 1971 war broke out while they were positioned at the border. The first Suri was felled by a bullet and taken to base hospital where he received news that Ashok Kumar Suri had died in combat.The army bungled it up and sent the wrong Suri family the wrong news. It was only later that Kumar Suri's family received a letter penned by their son from a Pakistani jail. Ever since they have fought in vain for his release . \"I only read about it years later in the Times of India and I thought, all these years he has been alive. ...I felt so bad \u2014 because we shared the same name, and I had met this guy just a day before.\"Flight lieutenant Vijay Vasant Tambay, whose aircraft was shot down on December 5, 1971, two days after the war broke out. The Indian air force recorded him as killed in action but Pakistani press reported him as captured alive. The list of the Pakistani 18 includes a major Asif Jan and a captain Jurjees Nagi. All names, ranks and basic information is available but nothing else about these men willing to sacrifice their lives \u2014 foolishly, it seems \u2014 for their countries.I was a teenager when my uncle, then retired brigadier Rao Abid Hameed started investigating the condition of Pakistani jails with the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan. I can never forget the evening he spent with us in Karachi .Uncle Abid, ever strong and controlled, was shaken. The conditions he had witnessed were appalling, and below any acceptable human standard. Later, when Roop Lal made it across the border, he would have to thank uncle Abid for helping to secure his release. As it happened, the then Pakistani army chief, general Jahangir Karamat, had earlier served under uncle Abid.Today, even if 10 of the 72 men are still suffering somewhere in the deep, dark depths of a Pakistani or Indian prison, it's fair to assume that the governments would look quite unkind handing over men in such battered mental health. Even the most hard-heated amongst us would be drawn to tears and discomfiture about our own culpability in this 40-year affair . No one wants to wear the scarlet letter. In the cruel lingo of warfare, these men are merely collateral damage.I hope that someone can prove me wrong.The author is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369350", "title": "Will consecutive outages inspire a political film?", "text": "The November 9, 1965 blackout in the US snapped power supply to New York and thousands of miles of the northeastern part of the country for 14 hours and inspired the popular film 'Where Were You When The Lights Went Out'.The breakdown of the northern grid on consecutive days last week plunged 19 states and two Union Territories including the national Capital into darkness. It brought metro rail, long distance trains and traffic in cities to a grinding halt. A section of the 370 million inconvenienced people criticized the government. Full power supply was restored only after 20 hours.Whether the two outages inspires Bollywood to attempt a film on 'Life in a Powerless City' is difficult to say but then, power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , now given the home portfolio, was certainly not amused by the criticism.In anguish, he said, \"We got (back) electricity in a matter of hours... People should appreciate how work is done at the grid.\" He said India handled the outage even better than the US. \"In the US, light (electricity) does not come for four days, here we got it (restored) in a matter of hours,\" he said. A glance through the worst outages in the world did not show any blackout in the US lasting four days.Of the 370 million people affected last week in India, the noise mainly came from city dwellers accustomed to electricity and, in the absence of which, to generators and invertors.Outside the cities and major towns, a vast majority living in the areas affected by the grid failure get electricity for a laughable number of hours every day. The people's patience in tolerating inadequate essential services in terms of power, water, road, healthcare and sanitation has been misunderstood and taken for granted by people's representatives.Before comparing isolated incidents of power outages and its handling in other countries, the MPs and MLAs must think about the number of years we as a country have taken, and have yet not been successful, to end poverty, ignorance and inequality in opportunity.A film or a documentary should be made on how we have progressed through the years in realizing the dream recorded in the Preamble of the Constitution for establishment of \"a socialist secular democratic republic\".Though the socialism flavour has been weakened by the ushering in of open market economy in the 1990s, the Supreme Court in Samatha vs Andhra Pradesh [1997 (8) SCC 191] continued to emphasize on the concept.It said, \"The principal aim of a socialist state is to eliminate inequality of income, status and standards of life. The basic framework of socialism is to provide a decent standard of life to the working people, especially to provide security from cradle to grave.\"It narrated the role of the three wings of governance and said, \"The Preamble directs the centres of power \u2014 legislature, executive and judiciary \u2014 to strive to set up from a wholly feudal, exploited slave society to a vibrant, throbbing socialist welfare society under rule of law. Though it is a long march, but during the journey to the fulfillment of goal, every state action must be directed and must be so interpreted as to take the society towards establishing egalitarian socialist state, the goal.\"After more than two decades of open market economy, the situation has no doubt improved. But the gaping holes in planning, vision and discipline still eludes a vast area of governance.Despite the vast natural resources stored in the hinterland, people there are still looking at two square meals a day as God's gift. The situation was analyzed by SC in its May 7, 2010 judgment in Reliance Natural Resources Ltd vs Reliance Industries Ltd. It said, \"One would have expected that with the resources being owned by the people of the nation, it would be the state public institutions that would actually operate the extraction industry. For a few decades that was the case, and it was beset by problems of administrative apathy and even pilferage.\"The work of the PSUs was given to private sector for better efficiency and productivity that would help in alleviation of poverty. Has that happened? The court in the same judgment said, \"While large economic organizations might be necessary to accomplish certain kinds of tasks, it is imperative that the state always be watchful that they do not take over essential functions of the state, especially policy formulation.\"A small example in government giving up its basic duty to the private sector is public security. Gone are the days when private guards were a status symbol. These days, every colony and housing society posts many such private guards as a visible deterrence against crime. Is providing security to citizens not an essential feature of governance? Shinde, now the home minister, would be in a better position to answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373398", "title": "Sagar expected to be a hit", "text": "Ramu Enterprises venture 'Sagar' directed by MD Sridhar which has young actor Prajwal paired oppsite three actresses - Radhika Pandit, Hari Priya and Sanjjana is getting a good pre release hype.  Ramu has been quite excited by the work of MDS and his team which has made a technically backed action and love thriller. He had organised a special show to some of his producer friends who have uniformly appreciated the film. The one thing that goes well for the film is the breeziness with which the whole film runs and engages the audience.\"The film runs on a faster pace with the first half excellently crafted with lot of entertaining elements. Even the second half is appealing. I am sure in this present trend when medium budgeted films with young stars are achieving bigger success than the star studded films, Sagar will be a front runner as far as collections are concerned' says K.C.N.Kumar, well known producer and distributor. Another person who appreciates the film is Mahesh Kothari, producer and satellite rights businessman. \"Prajwal and Radhika Pandit will score major points in the film as both of them have put in their best. The songs and action portions have been picturised very well.Looks like Sagar is another film that can add up to the list of successful films. Anyway the film is sure to get a very good opening.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "siilchar", "code": "15367978", "title": "Barak body wants broad gauge work expedited", "text": "SiILCHAR: The All Barak Youths and Students Association (ABYSA) on Sunday warned that it will intensify its agitation if the ongoing work for the 214km Lumding-Silchar broad gauge project is not accelerated. ABYSA chief convener Baharul Islam Barbhuiyan said given the poor pace of the project, they have decided to stage a dharna at Maligaon, the headquarters of Northeast Frontier Railway, next week.The members will also visit New Delhi where, besides staging a dharna at Jantar Mantar, they will submit a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and railways minister Mukul Roy urging them to focus on the project so ensure its completion within the fresh time frame of 2013.Barbhuiyan said the government is not keen to expedite work for the long-pending project and the intention is reflected in the fact that NFR is being run by a part-time general manager (construction).\"NFR GM (construction) A K Varma came to Silchar late on Saturday night and left for Guwahati early on Sunday. We are surprised to find that he didn't visit the site of broad gauge conversion in Barak Valleym area. The senior official also did not bother to meet the people who wanted to apprise him about their grievances in connection with poor progress of the mega project\", said ABYSA functionary.\"We have come to understand that Varma is on deputation to his present job. There should be a permanent official for the post of GM (construction) of NFR, which is burdened with a number of project in this part of the country,\" said Barbhuiyan. He said going by the slow progress of work on construction of tunnels, particularly tunnel No 10 along the stretch, it is not possible on the part of the authorities to complete the Rs4,073.53-crore project on time.The foundation stone for the Lumding-Silchar-Jiribam-Badarpur-Kumarghat gauge conversion project was laid in 1996 by former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda and work was supposed to be over by 2006. Authorities later extended the deadline to 2009 and then again 2012. Now, NFR has rescheduled the time for the completion of the project at the end of 2013. According to the NFR, 60% of the work for the project has been completed.Due to insurgency in North Cachar Hills (now Dima Hasao) and shortage in budgetary allocations, the project was delayed. People of this part of northeast also blame both the Union and state government for apathy, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15368045", "title": "Relief for landslide-affected people in Nagaland", "text": "Kohima: The Nagaland government announced that aid, relief and assistance would be given to families affected by the recent spate of landslides across the state. Reports continued to come in of damages to several houses, destruction of habited areas and major roadways in Kohima , Kiphire, Longleng, Mon and Zunheboto districts due to landslides caused by heavy rain in the state.In an official release, Nagaland home commissioner J Alam said that the government has directed all deputy commissioners and chairpersons of the District Disaster Management Authorities (DDMAs) to submit damage assessment reports at the earliest. To provide immediate relief to affected families, all the DDMAs have been provided with emergency funds.The Nagaland State Management Authority (NSDMA) has been receiving reports through various channels about landslides occurring in various parts of the state because of incessant rains over the past few days and the damage caused.The government informed that the NSDMA, in collaboration with DDMAs, has been proactively working to respond to any natural calamity or disaster. A close watch is being kept on landslide-related disasters this rainy season, the government said. The deputy commissioners are being directed to coordinate with the agencies for immediate restoration of road communication wherever it is reported to have been effected by the heavy rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15369719", "title": "Kerala government is yet to begin work on railway budget proposals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As railway divisions across the country begin preliminary discussions to furnish proposals for the next railway budget, the state government which can play a major role in getting things on track has not done anything yet.The divisional railway manager offices of Thiruvananthapuram and Palakkad stated that preliminary discussions in view of railway budget proposal submissions had already commenced. \"Rail infrastructure development is the need of the hour and not additional trains. If the government makes suggestions few weeks before the final submission, as it normally does, Kerala will fare badly in the coming year too,\" said railway passengers association general secretary P Krishnakumar.\"The state government's lethargy in land acquisition process is the main factor that prevents infrastructure development,\" said divisional railway manager offices of Thiruvananthapuram and Palakkad. \"August-September is the right time for the government to jointly work with respective divisional authorities to include its proposals in the railway budget. But such a practice has not been followed for the past many years and this is one major factor that ruins Kerala's prospect for a people-friendly railway budget,\" said Krishnakumar. \"Doubling Ernakulam-Kayamkulam sector via Kottayam and Alappuzha, electrification of Shornur-Mangalore stretch, construction of Guruvayur-Thirunnavaya line, gauge conversion of Palakkad-Pollachi section and Punalur-Shengotta section, track doubling of Shornur-Karakkad section, introduction of automatic signaling system and laying two additional tracks exclusively for suburban service from Mangalore to Nagercoil are few of the projects that need immediate completion,\" Krishnakumar said.\"Last week, during a meeting of state MPs, railway was not even mentioned. Their proposal will weigh more than what RPAs submit. But MPs take action barely one week before the budget. This is why neighboring states score better than Kerala in the budget,\" said Mathew Paul, general secretary, all-Kerala RPA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15367776", "title": "Sewage treatment plants to be upgraded for cleaner sewage", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to upgrade the two sewage treatment plants in the city to improve the quality of treated sewage and reduce the amount of pollutants discharged.The plants, which now use the UASB (up flow anaerobic sludge blanket) technology, will shift to the new sequential batch reactor (SBR) technology, approved by IIT Roorkee. The board of the Noida Authority has also given the go-ahead in a recent meeting.The upgradation of the plants \u2014 one of 34MLD capacity at Sector 50 and the other of 27MLD at Sector 54 \u2014 will cost around Rs 100 crore and the budget allocation for the project has already been approved by Authority CEO Sanjiv Saran.Noida generates 100MLD of sewage from domestic waste water every day, besides about 18MLD of industrial waste. The plants can now treat around 75MLD.According to Authority officials, the upgradation will not only guarantee a clean environment and ensure better quality of treated water but also stop the use of groundwater for irrigation as the treated waste water will be diverted for such purposes. The plants will also be able to treat more waste.Earlier last year, the SBR technology was introduced at the Sector 54 plant on a trial basis. It was found that the technology had led to a significant difference in water quality. The biological oxygen demand (BOD), one of the most common measures of pollutant organic material in water levels, had also almost halved.\"Tests done by the pollution control board revealed that levels of organic pollutants in water had gone down drastically with the introduction of the new technology. Thus, we have decided to upgrade both the plants to the SBR technology,\" Saran said.\"The SBR plant requires one-ninth of the space required by the UASB system and its latest technology allows removal of phosphorous and nitrogen, besides the odour,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368467", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's good start on revenue front", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is something that cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation would be happy about. It has generated a revenue of Rs 220.81 crore in the first four months (April-July) of 2012-13, registering a significant rise against the corresponding period in 2011-12.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare told TOI that the town planning department collected Rs 42.73 crore in first four months against Rs 40.70 crore collected in entire last fiscal. He said this year's performance improved because of a project Anandam City by Godrej. The NMC also succeeded in increasing its octroi earnings to Rs 152.77 crore in the first four months this financial year from Rs 135.90 crore last year. The NMC generates maximum revenue from Octroi.Similarly, property tax department also performed well compared to previous year. The department collected Rs 18.19 crore during the first four months in 2011-2012 while it collected Rs 24.25 crore this year. A 'purposeful' beginning was made last April, a month affected by the traditional collection-lag. \"There are various reasons for this. One is that the revenue department officials generally tend to relax after March that marks the end of a gruelling financial year,\" added a senior NMC official.The official said he believed that the number of properties in the city is much more than 5 lakh presently estimated. \"If the machinery at the zonal levels functions better, it would be possible to bring newer buildings under the tax net at an early date,\" he said.A concerted effort is underway to ensure that properties in the city were not left out of assessment. The additional deputy municipal commissioner has also directed tax inspectors to add new properties especially in localities on the outskirts. According to officials, it is a cumbersome process but with computerised assessment and pressing targets for tax inspectors, it is possible to bring most properties within the tax ambit.The estate department too fared well. The department collected Rs 1.06 crore by leasing out its properties. \"We saw to it that we make a good beginning. The idea is that we set a system in place that will work even without the top officials pushing the field staff constantly,\" said Kumbhare.For NMC, the need to generate additional revenue is critical in order to meet to the ever-increasing needs of the city's population. Besides, several projects under JNNURM require it to put up a part of the cost that it may not be able to do without substantial addition to its coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15370042", "title": "TMC bigwigs to attend Sonia's lunch meet today", "text": "KOLKATA: It won't be like the luncheon meeting hosted by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on July 18, a day before the Prez poll.Sonia Gandhi's lunch ahead of Tuesday's vice-presidential polls may witness the presence of Trinamool Congress bigwigs on Monday, unlike what happened at the luncheon meet on July 18, a day before the Prez polls.This by itself is indicative of the fact that barring any last minute hitches, TMC is likely to support Hamid Ansari as the Vice-President for a second term. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has personally directed Trinamool's Lok Sabha leader Sudip Badopadhyay to attend the lunch, which may also include Union railway minister Mukul Roy and the newly-elected Rajya Sabha chief whip Derek O' Brien and other MPs.\"Trinamool Congress MPs will attend the luncheon to be hosted by the UPA chairperson on Monday ahead of the vice-presidential elections slated for August 7,\" Bandyopadhyay said. He said he had been instructed by the party supremo Mamata Banerjee, now in north Bengal, to attend the luncheon meeting.Bandyopadhyay said the party would hold a meeting at 8pm on Monday to take a decision regarding the vice-presidential polls and finalize its strategy for the monsoon session of Parliament, which is beginning on August 8.Derek O'Brien, the party's Rajya Sabha chief whip, said: \"There will be a good participation of Trinamool Congress MPs at the luncheon. All party MPs, who are staying in New Delhi, will attend.\" The railway minister will later chair the parliamentary party meeting, which will formally decide on extending support to Ansari. UPA's vice presidential candidate Hamid Ansari has a definite edge in the vice presidential elections with the support of Congress, SP, BSP, RJD, DMK, NCP, RLD, CPM and the National Conference.A total 790 MPs are eligible to cast their votes on August 7 to elect the 14th Vice-President. \"Be patient till Monday,\" Derek said, when asked whether Trinamool will support Ansari.TMC's decision to support Ansari comes amid growing indication that the UPA is treading with caution on the bills to be introduced in the 20-day monsoon session of the Parliament beginning a day after the VP polls. Among the list of 31 bills, which parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal has provided to the party chief whips, the forward trading bill figures in number 17, the national highway bill in number 28 and the all-important land acquisition bill in number 29. This prompted a Trinamool leader to quip, \"It appears the Congress will not push for any bill which has a fractured support not only within UPA, but also with its larger support base of SP and BSP. It may go in for administrative reforms but not expose its numerical inferiority on the floor of the house.\"However, the women's reservation bill, which the SP and the BSP oppose in its present form, figures in number 9 on the list. While extending her support to Pranab Mukherjee , Mamata had made it clear that she would want the UPA to last its full term and indicated it will not throw a spanner unless the UPA pushes with those bills which Trinamool is vehemently opposing. However, she did raise a din over the Centre withdrawing the irrecoverable tax which led to the rise in petrol and diesel prices in Bengal. She has also threatened to hit the streets in protest, if a rollback wasn't affected. Bandyopadhyay said, \"All bills, including those of FDI in multi-brand retail, privatization of pension funds and forward trading, should not be brought forward to the monsoon session of Parliament. In Parliament, we will oppose these bills because they will hit the common people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15368982", "title": "Drinking beauty potions kills 2 in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Two persons died in Vijapadi village in Savarkundla taluka of Amreli district after reportedly consuming drugs meant for beauty treatment.According to Savarkundla rural police officials, the deceased have been identified as Vallabh Makwana (42), a native of Bhavnagar and Bhadresh Mashru (32), a resident of Vijapadi.Police said that Makwana and Mashru were rushed to a private hospital in Mahuva on Friday night after they complained of vomiting and breathing problems. They had consumed the medicine on Friday night. Makwana died on Saturday while Mashru succumbed on Sunday.\"Makwana and Mashru were close friends . They were addicted to liquor and also used to consume drugs meant for beauty treatments which have higher content of alcohol,\" police sources said.Police have also recovered drugs bottles from their houses.\"We have seized bottles of drugs which we suspect were consumed by them in large quantity. We will send them for forensic tests along with their blood samples and viscera to find out the exact cause of death,\" said investigating officer R B DhiyadMakwana was living in Vijapadi since 10 years and was a farm labourer. Mashru owned saw mills in the village.Police sources said that the drugs were being sold in local medical stores in Savarkundla, Rajula and Jafarabad area in the coastal region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369708", "title": "Football fanatics get together to give Ludhiana its own soccer club", "text": "LUDHIANA: After JCT Phagwara football club disbanded in June last year, the state has hardly had any presence in the national football club, while the talent from Punjab has been draining out to other states and clubs.At such a time when soccer needs a necessary shot in the arm, the love for the game has brought together a bunch of footballers, who have decided to train and participate under the National Sports Club. This club from the city has long existed and is affiliated to the Punjab Football Association as well, but it never rose to prominence in the game.About 20 footballers from the city train under coach Manjeet Singh, who has taken up the responsibility of improving their game free of cost.Captain of the team Rohit Sharma, who resides at Haibowal, says the club has existed for a long time, but the it never had a consistently performing team. \"It is after many years that the club has a proper team of dedicated footballers,\" he adds. Sharma says the team is preparing itself to participate and win games at state and national level tournaments. At present, these players have been training at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium and they play friendly matches with nearby villages.Team member Naveen Kumar, who resides at Jalandhar Bypass, says he expects they would get a good exposure playing as part of a club. \"After JCT dissolved their football team, the budding footballers from the state have no club that supports their talent and gives them a chance to prove themselves on the field,\" he adds.Footballer Uday Behl from Haibowal says the players of National Sports Club were all scattered till now. \"We have now come together to take our club to new heights and are working hard towards this goal,\" he says.For coach Manjeet Singh, it was his belief in the talent of city footballers that motivated him to take up the responsibility without charging anything against his advice.\"I feel it would be better that our boys play for a home team rather than going to other clubs. If they can stretch themselves to put together an extraordinary game, they would certainly go quite far in the national circuit,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15368567", "title": "Man gets one year rigorous imprisonment for molesting minor girl", "text": "Wardha: Civil and criminal judge of Selu sentenced Akash Fusnake to one year rigorous imprisonment for molesting a minor girl, on Saturday. Fusnake, a native of Itala village in Pusad, Yavatmal district, has settled in Dahegaon (Tuljapur) of Selu in Wardha.In 2007, accused Fusnake had tried to rape the 9-year-old when her parents had been to their farm. Fusnake lured the girl by giving her chocolate which she refused. Fusnake then took her to his house but she escaped from the place and narrated the incident to her mother when she returned home in the evening. The girl's parents then lodged a complaint at Dahegaon police station. API AK Shaikh conducted an inquiry and filed a case in Selu court.Due to unavailability of medical evidence under Section 376 of IPC, the court held Fusnake guilty under Section 354 and awarded one year RI along with Rs2,000 fine. APP Anita Deotale examined five witnesses during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372868", "title": "Know what you're eating this Ramzan", "text": "We stuffed ourselves on two consecutive Ramzan nights to bring you a must-follow weird meats map.The month of Ramzan leaves Mohammed Ali Road lit up with fairy lights and filled with ustaad cooks tossing unmentionable meats in weathered kadhais. Vegetarians, heart patients and boneless-chicken lovers, this is your cue to turn away.Khiri kebab  What you are eating: Udder Right across Indian hotel stands Bar-B-Que, the big daddy of kebab stalls. When we got there, it was milling with SoBo teenagers busy on their Android phones beside the sigdi, where their order of Chicken tangdi kebab was roasting. \"That's so not what you should be ordering, my friends ,\" we wanted to tell them, before we ordered a plate of Khiri. Marinated in spices and lime overnight, minced udder is deftly threaded over skewers, resulting in a dish that can leave meat lovers weeping with joy. Where: Bar-B-Que, Khara Tank lane Price: 30 for two skewersGurda Tawa  What you are eating: Kidney Across from Minara Masjid is a road that's quieter and more authentic. Bohri Mohalla houses Indian hotel on Khara Tank road run by the ageing Haji Mohammed. Two massive tawas, one for Naan chaps, Beef rolls and Baida rotis, and another for Offal (gurda, bheja, kaleeja) are the showstoppers here. We sat at a long community table on the street outside, lined with stools, and ordered for half a plate of Gurda. Accompanied by a muslin-soft Roomali roti, the chopped gurda was spiked with just enough masala so as not to take away from the taste of meat. Where: Indian hotel, Khara Tank lane (also called the Saifee Ambulance lane) Price: 136 for a plate and two pavsBater fry What you are eating: Quail How unsettled will it leave you if we asked you to wait at a table with your dinner sitting in a cage close by? Don't go looking to eat Bater if you aren't wilful enough to eat your supper with bravado. After sitting for 10 minutes staring at a cage that held five-inch quails, we were served the bird \u2014 killed, skinned, marinated, shock-fried in boiling oil (that shrinks its size further), seasoned and ready to eat. Choose between fried and gravy options. The tender meat sits tight on the bones , and tastes best with a squeeze of lime and laadi pav. Where: First stall on the left, outside Islahi Dawakhna, EMM Road P Pricel: 150Pichotta, Nalli (Marrow) Maar Ke What you are eating: Ox We headed next to Gujar lane where Surti 12 Handi stands. It's a small nondescript shop that announces the oddest cuts, on a signboard, behind which sit nine pots sunken into a raised earthen platform. Each holds a broth that's been bubbling all night. Customers pick their choice \u2014 paya (trotters), topa (hump) or picchotta, (tail) while the ustaad (master cook) mixes a ladle of each broth, adding the preferred cut before topping it with a drizzle of fat and chopped coriander.Our Picchotta came in thick gravy with floating bits of creamy marrow. It was aromatic without being fiery. The meat from the ox tail was fall-off-thebone tender, making it a challenge to clutch between greasy fingers. There was a certain sophistication to its texture and flavour; something you wouldn't expect from a street side eatery. Don't let the third generation owner, an English-speaking Naeem Surti fool you. This place has been around for 98 years. They sure know what they are doing. Where: Surti 12 Handi, Gujar Lane (lane after Khara Tank lane on the way to CST) Price: 100 for a plate + Nalli for Rs 20mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368564", "title": "80% Starbuses lack side windowpanes", "text": "NAGPUR: If commuters are caught unawares by the rain, they better not board a Starbus to get away from it. Over 80% Starbuses on the roads do not have proper windowpanes, leaving passengers drenched when it rains. Besides, dirty buses, damaged seats and lack of destination display boards are common for commuters, shaming the central government's ambitious JNNURM scheme.Around 155-160 Starbuses are parked every night on both sides of the roads between Variety square and Maharajbagh square, and between Jhansi Rani square and University Library square. Almost all these buses are in use, and they reveal a shocking picture.Less than 20% buses are all the windowpanes. There should be two windowpanes in a window. But most of the windows have a single windowpane, letting the rain in from one side. Some buses do not have even one pane in some windows. This shows the extent to which Starbuses commuters are facing inconvenience, especially during the ongoing monsoon.The good thing is that all Starbuses have front and rear windshields in good condition. Some of the buses did not have rear glasses for long time. But new glasses were reportedly fitted over the past one month, after the virtual take over of the operations by Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;), which has 90% stake in Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Private Ltd (VNIL).However, almost all Starbuses are still unclean from inside and outside. The transparent rear windows are almost opaque due to the thick layer of dust and mud. The torn, wet seats inside the buses are crying for immediate attention.Another inconvenience for commuters is the lack of destination display boards. The LED boards in many of the Starbuses sanctioned under JNNURM are non-functional. The destinations are written in white paint or chalk on the front glass in some buses.Over the five years of its operations, VNIL has consistently failed to maintain even basic condition of the buses. Continuing to neglect the Starbus operation, even NMC is sitting pretty without taking any action on major issues that affect Starbuses, like bus stand, repair depot, parking places etc.All this has led to very few proper buses running on the road. According to data available with Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), 250-260 buses are on the road at present. However, the number was as low as 170 before July 1.A senior NMPL official told TOI that IL&FS; has made drastic improvements in operations over the last one month. \"IL&FS; prepared several plans to improve the service. Project management unit comprising seven members, including four from NMC and three from VNIL, is ready and will meet once a month to discuss maintenance issues. The first meeting will be held on Monday,\" he said.On the bad condition of buses, the official said that penalty of Rs1,000 per bus per day is being recovered from VNIL to push for proper maintenance. \"Penalty of Rs6.50 lakh has been slapped on VNIL in last one year over failure to wash buses and maintain good condition of front and rear windshields,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15369940", "title": "Beas damages protective walls, threatens houses", "text": "MANALI: With first flood of the season damaging a large portion of protective walls along the banks of Beas river and making it change its course at many places, thousands of families residing close to the river are spending sleepless nights, with many of them starting to vacate their houses.Hundreds of people along the 60-km stretch between Palchan and Bhunter, including Manali, Bahang, Patlikuhal and Kullu, had encroached into forest lands and built houses close to the river. These houses, and thousands of others, are still holding on at the mercy of gabion and concrete walls erected on either sides of the river. On Friday night, though the intensity of the flood was not so high, but the wooden logs, boulders and debris that the river brought along damaged the protective walls at many places.\"We felt that the 20 feet high gabion walls would protect us from the river, but now, when they have collapsed, we do not have any other option, but to vacate our houses,\" said Tara Bhardwaj, a resident of 18 Mile village. He said the river used to flow at least 500 feet away from their house, but now it is flowing at a distance of only 35 feet.Kullu, Bhunter and Manali, where buildings have come up on almost all usable land, the habitats are expanding towards river. Thousands of migrant labourers and people of Nepali origin, who are working on various projects here, are living right on the riverbed, having set up temporary sheds. About 82 such sheds were washed away in floods on Friday night. But their occupants were lucky that police alerted and evacuated them in time. Now, when it is very difficult to bind and protect the banks of Beas, the only way to stay safe is to stay away from the river, sources said.Another resident of Kullu, Ramesh Prampha, said they are constantly hearing the roaring sound of the river, which is striking at the backside wall of their house since 1995, when the river had changed its course. \"We cannot sleep properly during monsoon season and have to keep a watch on the river from the window. We have now purchased a piece of land away from the river and are planning to move permanently there as soon as possible,\" he said.Uncontrolled illegal mining in Beas riverbed is the main cause behind its changing the course frequently, damaging the protective walls, sources said. Miners are digging the riverbed near the villages and towns and water naturally flows towards places where mining is carried out. As such, fear psychosis among residents is likely to continue until the monsoon rains are over, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368253", "title": "4 hurt as state transport bus rams into King Long in Navi Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Four passengers were injured when a state transport bus collided with an AC King Long bus in Jui Nagar in Navi Mumbai on Sunday evening.The state-run Parivartan bus banged into the rear side of the AC bus, damaging the latter's engine compartment. While BEST officials claimed no one was injured in the King Long bus, four persons travelling in the MSRTC bus sustained injuries. Said MSRTC public relations officer Mukund Dhus, \"Our bus was travelling from Satara to Mumbai with 31 passengers. Four of them sustained minor injuries due to the sudden jerk. They were treated and discharged late in evening.\"The bus driver is being questioned and the police plan to register a case against him. Dhus said the King Long slowed down on the road \"suddenly\", which is when the MSRTC driver applied brakes, but it was too late.Said a BEST official, \"It was a miraculous escape for our passengers travelling by the King Long because the other bus banged into the engine compartment, which is situated at the rear end of the bus. Had the engine caught fire, the bus would have been gutted in minutes and lives could have been lost.\"When contacted, BEST committee member Ravi Raja said the bus conductor immediately evacuated the passengers from the King Long after the accident. \"The driver tried to start the vehicle, but failed. He then realized that the engine compartment had been badly damaged.\"\"If the MSRTC bus has hit the King Long from behind, it will be the fault of the ST bus driver,\" said a BEST official. The MSRTC will conduct a probe into the accident to ascertain whether its driver was at fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington/new delhi", "code": "15370090", "title": "Sikhs seethe over gurdwara attack in US", "text": "WASHINGTON/NEW DELHI: Sikhs have been targets of random, occasional violence and discrimination in the aftermath of 9/11 although the Obama White House has engaged more with the Sikh community than any other US administration in history.Obama himself has been deeply respectful of the faith and has hosted events to honour the Sikh Guru Nanak Dev and celebrate other Sikh events. But things have been spotty at the workaday level with occasional complaints from Sikh organizations about discrimination.Sikhs reacted angrily to the shooting with some snide comments about white, majority terrorism. \"Waiting for a US news network to get the guts to call this what it is \u2014 home-grown terrorism,\" said Gagan Singh who tweets under the handle p@urbanturbanguy.Scores of people had gathered at the gurdwara in Oak Creek, built about 6-7 years ago, on Sunday morning when a gunman opened indiscriminate fire.On Sundays, typically Sikh temples across the US host a langar to serve free lunch to people of all faiths.The local police chief described the scene as chaotic and fluid and urged the media not to broadcast photos or video showing tactical units, which could put officers in danger.One of the dead was reported to be a priest visiting from Delhi but this could not be confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367709", "title": "AIIMS Bhopal departments to offer treatment facilities", "text": "BHOPAL: All departments in All India Institute of medical Sciences (AIIMS)- Bhopal , will offer medical treatment or testing facilities to patients. In a first, the institute, like five other new AIIMS will have a department of community and family medicine (CFM), according to AIIMS officials. It would promote the concept of specialisation in family practise and family medicine management widely practiced in western countries.In addition, e-appointments would be done for patients from computer kiosks in towns and villages. Hospital-based services will be made available though all departments in keeping with proposed modality of a revamping an outdated MBBS curricula. \"It must be changed. It should be vocational training-oriented,\" said AIIMS director Dr Sandeep Kumar.Medical colleges of six new AIIMS that will start from mid-September will focus on teaching and training human resource creation.Part of the revamp also stresses on department of CFM which would offer a 3-year MD in family practice to a large number of graduates. Family medicine is to provide personal, comprehensive and continuing care for the individual in the context of the family and the community.\"Community medicine is concerned with public health activities till now, but the CFM department would have clinical work,\" department of CFM, HoD Dr Kishore Chaudhry told TOI.Students would look at cases and the role of family and community both in prevention and mutual interaction of both. \"It would be a holistic way for looking at cure, prevention and promotion of health,\" he added.To begin with, the department of CFM will have five faculty members. The department will play a vital link in proposed initiatives of AIIMS-Bhopal to provide rural and urban community health outreach preventive services. They students would be equipped to deal with seasonal illness, common non-communicable diseases like diabetes and hypertension, astute clinician, carry out national health agenda, routine vaccination, child health, ante-natal care, family planning services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372695", "title": "Fake Madhura's online march", "text": "If the number of impostors on Facebook is anything to go by, the Olympics gatecrasher is certainly not keeping a low profile Congratulations Vijay Kumar on winning Silver Medal in the 25m Rapid Fire Pistol event. Well done. We all are proud of you!!!!!!\" posted Madhura Honey, aka Madhura Nagendra, on her Facebook profile on Friday. Yes , the name belongs to that smart, sassy girl who gatechrashed the Indian contingent's Olympics march and caused a furore of sorts. But the FB profile \u2014 with authentic-looking photos of the Bengaluru girl partying hard in London \u2014 is a fake. Like a host of other such pages that have mushroomed on Facebook ever since Madhura's (in)famous march in a red jacket and blue pants on July 27.The bizzare part is, even as Madhura has returned to Bengaluru and apologized publicly for the actions, the fake Madhuras are posting their own versions of what really happened at the Olympic opening ceremony. Hear this: \"It wasn't my fault... the organizing committee screwed it up... they are responsible for the whole thing.... I am just a puppet... who was played with\", says her post on the profile that's called the Official Madhura Nagendra. \"This is not my fault, it happened random and honestly shocked myself too. I am deeply sorry to hurt the sentiments of Republic of India Citizens\", goes the profile update.All of this, while the real Madhura reportedly went off social networking after the fiasco. After landing in India, this is what she has to tell reporters, \"[It was an] error of judgement [that] I landed up walking with the athletes. I think I have hurt the sentiments of my people. I apologize. There was chaos. Thousands of people were walking. I was blinded and as a result there was an error of judgement.\"But even her public apology hasn't deterred impostors. In fact, there has been a spurt in online activity after the real girl surfaced in India. One of the fake Madhuras wrote: \"Honestly speaking I never intended to Hurt feelings of the people of my country. I was a volunteer and I unknowingly entered the stadium. They told me to walk with the athletes as they did not know the way to around, so I was guiding them to walk the stadium. But however who does not want to walk for your country and with your ppl. If u wer on my shoes, wouldn't u love to walk with your teammates. But this has nothing to do with gaining publicity. I swear on God. The media is trying to portray me negatively!\"With so much of adverse publicity and the media hounding her steps, the real Madhura can do without more rumours about her misadventure. But it seems the 'official Madhura' is a little out of touch with reality. When we asked her about coming to India, she said: \"Will be going to bangalore soon but cant disclose the dates.\" This, while Madhura was busy fielding questions from the media in Bengaluru!On Friday, at 1.23 pm, the impostor wrote back saying she was still in London and will be in Bengaluru soon, though the date cannot be disclosed due to security reasons. All this when Madhura Nagendra was already in the Silicon Valley of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15370152", "title": "Night rider killed as lorry crushes bike", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Vishnuprakash was to become a first-time father in two months. His child will see him only in photographs.A past-midnight ride to Ettumanoor killed Vishnuprakash (25) of Pakkil after his two-wheeler was crushed under a lorry near Neelimangalam Bridge on MC Road around 1.30 am on Sunday, police said. The accident happened a few hours before he was to meet his seven-month pregnant wife Jeena.Police said the young man was returning home after dropping off a friend at Ettumanoor when the lorry, heading to Arakkonam in Tamil Nadu from Vadavathoor, ran over his bike around 1.30 am on Sunday. The lorry dragged the victim under it for a few metres before stopping. Help reached a profusely bleeding Vishnuprakash about 15 minutes later, when an autorickshaw driver took him to Government Medical College Hospital. Doctors, however, could not save his life. Police said Vishnuprakash, son of Sreedharan and Padma of Padma Bhavan in Thakidiyel, was working as a driver in a construction firm in Ernakulam. He had reached home on Saturday, and was to visit his wife Jeena at her parents' place at Muhamma in Alappuzha.On Saturday evening, Vishnuprakash's friend Rahul visited him. Later in the night, the friends left for Rahul's house in Ettumanoor, and the return to Pakkil turned fatal.Following the accident, Gandhi Nagar police arrested the lorry driver. Vishuprakash's funeral will be conducted at his residence on Monday. The deceased has three brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367896", "title": "Over 150 advocates abstain from Tribunal", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 150 advocates practising in the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) have been staying away from the Tribunal for more than a month now, demanding implementation of their charter of demands. The boycott of the tribunal proceedings has been on for almost a month now, with the striking lawyers clearly stating that the protest will continue until their demand to transfer the presiding officer, Manmohan Anand, is met with immediately.\"Our demand is for the transfer of the presiding officer of the DRT. The boycott will be called off only until some decision is taken in this regard,\" said P Nandhakumar, president, Coimbatore Bar Association.According to the protesting advocates, disputes with a total claim amount of over Rs 2,000 crore from Coimbatore, Erode, Tirupur and Nilgiris districts are pending before the tribunal at the moment. As many as 150 advocates from the association, which is affiliated to the Coimbatore Bar Association, are now abstaining from the proceedings at the tribunal\"The presiding officer is not behaving in a positive manner and is also extremely disrespectful to the advocates and other officials at the court,\" said S Richard, secretary, Coimbatore Bar Association.They claimed that a recent ruling on a writ petition in the Madras high court gave strong rap on the presiding officer finding fault with the orders passed by him. In April this year, a bench of Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan observed in its ruling that specific complaints against the presiding officer had been brought to its notice. The bench also observed that several orders seemed to have been passed in a hasty manner by the officer. However, the court order said it would not comment directly on the matter without giving an opportunity to the presiding officer to offer his version on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369317", "title": "'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' lures Bangaloreans", "text": "BANGALORE: A huge increase in tourist footfalls from Bangalore in recent days has prompted the Gujarat tourism to start a new office in the city, to cater exclusively to growing demands of the tourist population from this southern state. There are no specific figures for Bangalore, however, Karnataka contributes around 3.5% of the tourist traffic flow to Gujarat, said official sources in the Gujarat tourism department.\"There is a growing number of tourist bookings from Karnataka and hence the decision to open a full-fledged office in IT hub Bangalore. It's young tourist segment has a large disposable income,\" said Sanjay Kaul, commissioner of tourism and managing director, Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited.The significant rise has also set the Gujarat tourism department exploring the possibility of tying up with the Karnataka tourism department to further promote their destinations.Gujarat, with its diverse tourism products, is being promoted as a full-fledged family destination: Navaratri is popular as is the Gir Sanctuary and the exotic Kutch desert along with exquisite handicraft. Not to forget Gujarat's famous temples.\"The most important concern for any tourist is safety. Known for its hospitable nature, it has gone on to become a perfect tourism destination,\" said Kaul.Campaign a huge drawThe 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' campaign, which features Bollywood biggie Amitabh Bachchan has had a major impact on tourists from Karnataka. According to Gujarat Tourism reports, the tourist footfall is 54 lakh, after this campaign kicked off two years ago.Substantial interest has been in the Sasan Gir amongst the tourists, the other important destinations being Somnath, Dwarka, Kutch and Porbandar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15370012", "title": "Molestation slur: Malda school closed", "text": "MALDA: State women's commission deputy chairperson Shehnaz Quadery has asked the police to book the principal of the private English medium school, who was accused of drugging and molesting the girl students in the hostel. Quadery would also speak to the girls, who had lodged the complaint on Friday night and furnish a report to the state women's commission. However, police are yet to arrest the principal Najib Ali.Meanwhile, the school was closed following Saturday's enquiry by the block development officer. As soon as the news reached BDO Tamojit Chakraborty, he had ordered a probe to find out whether the school has requisite permission from any of the boards. He said: \"We have come to know that there was no permission with the school from any board.\"It may be noted that three students of S S Point Residential School of Nazirpur under Kaliachak police station and their guardians alleged that Ali, who lived close to the school, used to misbehave with the girls living there. They also alleged that the principal, who is known to be a Trinamool Congress activist, used to make the girls consume liquor in the name of medicine if they were ill.The guardians alleged that a few days back, when a Class-IX girl fell ill, the accused gave her wine on the pretext of offering her medicine and the victim lost her consciousness. . In the name of giving medicine to her Ali in fact gave her drug and wine which made her unconscious.Taking the advantage of this situation, Ali allegedly molested the girl. Two other girls of class VII and class IX had had similar experience. Ali also used to threaten the victims not to divulge anything to their families.Meanwhile, the principal, who termed the allegations as a conspiracy, is absconding. Social welfare and women development minister and district Trinamool Congress president Sabitri Mitra denied any connections of Ali with her party. Rather, she blamed the police and said: \"Owing to police inaction, crime against women in the district are on a rise.\" She also asked police to arrest the accused without considering his political background.Locals said that Ali's wife, an ICDS worker, was also the headmistress of the school. They alleged that owing to political pressure, police are not taking proper action against the accused.Quadery, who visited the school on Saturday evening, said: \"The incident is a serious one. I have asked the police to arrest the principal within 24 hours.\" She wondered why the police did not take the complainants for medical tests.According to Quadery, she would submit a detailed report to the women's commission in Kolkata after meeting the girls on Monday. On Sunday, She said , \"I understand the mental state of those young girls. I don't want to get their version over phone. I want to meet them personally tomorrow and I would submit a report in this regard to women's commission in Kolkata.\"SP, Malda, Jayanta Pal, said, \"There's no lack of initiative on the part of police. We are aware of out duties and hope that the accused will be arrested soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "uluberia", "code": "15369898", "title": "A 'joyful' journey with Lapierre", "text": "ULUBERIA: In a lungi and an ordinary half-sleeved cotton kurta, this 74-year-old could have passed off as any other villager of Gohalapota, had it not been for his blue eyes and accented Bengali.Emerging out of his humble thatched-roof house in this village in Howrah's Uluberia, Brother Gaston Dayanand welcomes us with a \"Nomoshkar\". Here, among those thousands of lives he has touched, he is more popularly known as Gaston-da. But this former Swiss national has another identity that few are aware of - he is the protagonist of Dominique Lapierre's 'City of Joy'.As the French author lay in coma in faraway Ramatuelle, Gaston recollected his journey with Lapierre. \"It all started in Fakirbagan in Howrah's Pilkhana. I was staying there to do my bit for the slum dwellers. Dominique came to meet me as he was to research for his book,\" he reminisced.Gaston came to Kolkata from Geneva as an emissary of an organisation called Prado to work for the helpless. A trained male nurse by profession, he started working for Bangladeshi refugees. In 1972, he moved into the Pilkhana slum to live with the poor and serve them. Lapierre was planning to write a book on the city. When the French author expressed this desire to Mother Teresa during one of his visits, she suggested that Gaston was the best person to get in touch with.\"'Like any other foreign journalist, you will visit here a few times, write about the misery and filth and then disappear,' I had warned Dominique when Mother Teresa sent him to me in 1981. I was sceptical initially,\" remembered Gaston.Lapierre, however, proved Gaston wrong in the following days. The author would stay in the slum for hours, interacting with the dwellers, reaching out to them and sharing their lives and distress. He did not mind the dirt and dust. So involved was the author that even during the monsoons, Lapierre would wade through chest-deep water at the slum.Prior to Lapierre's arrival, Gaston had on his own scribbled down his experiences in the slum - the lives of the children of Pilkhana, the lepers, the deprived, vulnerability of migrants from Bihar and the like. Lapierre went through these notes that helped him get a better idea about the slum before setting foot in it.\"I also told him that it would be unfair to harp on the misery and the deplorable conditions of the slums. Instead, the joy of living under such trials and tribulations should be highlighted. I am happy that he actually did this,\" said Gaston.Gaston had made a condition with Lapierre that though the latter could portray him in the 'City of Joy' as a main character, nowhere should his real name be mentioned and his photograph be carried. The author did keep his promise and portrayed Gaston as Father Stephen Kowalsky, a Polish priest working in the slum. A scene in a chapter describes how a rat falls from the ceiling when Father Kowalsky helps a leper woman deliver a baby in a dilapidated room in Pilkhana.\"When I first read the book, Dominique was with me. I was amazed at the extent of dramatisation in describing scenes like that delivery. I told him it was a wonderful novel. He got angry with me and snapped back that it was a testimony,\" narrated Gaston, the memory of such cherished moments bringing a smile on his wrinkled face.Gaston was granted Indian citizenship in 1993. He now lives among the orphans, the ailing, the aged and the mentally challenged in a remote corner in Uluberia. This limelight-shy philanthropist believes in living with those he serves and dying among them. He lives on the Interreligious Centre of Development (ICOD) campus in Uluberia.\"From Gaston-dada I have become Gaston-dadu now,\" he smiled. \"As long as I am alive, I will continue to be among these people,\" he said.Gaston is anxious every moment about his friend's health. He is in touch with Lapierre's wife who updates him about the author's condition.\"Despite differences, I know Dominique has a loving heart. He loves India and Kolkata has a special place in his heart. That is why when 'City of Joy' became a hit, he immediately decided to plough back a huge portion of the royalty. He always said he owed something to the people of Kolkata and to Mother Teresa. That is how he would come back here every year and fund various projects. But I do not know if he would get up again to come back here,\" Gaston sighed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367584", "title": "\u2018Pune German Bakery blast delayed for 26/11 attacks\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, who is facing several terror cases, told cops that the Pune German Bakery blast conspiracy was hatched in 2008 but it could not be executed as the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) bosses wanted a Mumbai operation first.\"I met my mentor Fayyaz Kagzi and German Bakery blast arrested accused Himayat Mirza Baig in Colombo in March 2008. We decided to carry out a strike in Pune in 2008,\" Jundal told police. The blasts at German Bakery on February 13, 2010 killed 17.\"We paid Baig Rs 12.5 lakh to carry out the Pune operation. The LeT bosses had discussed it and agreed that even if fewer people are killed at the bakery, the attack will have impact on the security establishment,\" said Jundal. He said in August 2008, the LeT decided to postpone the Pune attack. \"They decided to first carry out the 26/11 attacks and then consider the Pune attack,\" said Jundal.\"In May 2006, while on the run in the Aurangabad arms haul case, Jundal escaped to Bangladesh. He got a fake passport and flew to Pakistan,\" a crime branch official said. Jundal's \"hassle-free\" journey from Bangladesh was organized by LeT bosses in Pakistan, the official added.The blast was planned in 2008", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369193", "title": "Botswanian dealer held with cocaine", "text": "BANGALORE: Central Crime Branch police have arrested a 26-year-old Botswana citizen who supplied cocaine to clients at MG Road and other places in the city.Raymond David Masahsah is a native of Gaborone, Botswana. Police recovered 150gm of cocaine from him, approximately worth Rs 10 lakh. Apart from 150gm of cocaine, the CCB team seized two mobile phones, Rs 1,240 worth Indian currency, 1000 Naira currency notes, 10 Nepal currency notes and a passport from him.Masahsah was caught when he was trying to sell cocaine at Mushewaranagar in Ramamurthynagar.Police said before he came to India in 2011, Masahsah was into business which flopped. He came to Bangalore and with help from his Delhi friend Sandy, and he started selling cocaine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15367702", "title": "Colleagues pay tribute to slain Maruti manager", "text": "GURGAON: Colleagues and relatives of Awanish Kumar Dev, the Maruti Suzuki General Manager HR who died in the July 18 violence at the company's Manesar plant, gathered and lighted candles in his memory at Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29 on Sunday evening. Nearly 200 people, including women and children, protested the government's \"inaction\" and sought justice for Dev.Demanding that organizations and the government ensure the safety of employees, people, carrying \"Justice for Awanish\" placards and candles in their hands, took out a small procession. A two-minute silence was also observed.Samrendra Kumar, an HR consultant who organised the vigil along with few other colleagues, said \"It's not a protest but a pressure group which will remind the government to take action. Until now there have only been talks but no action. Where are the culprits who did this? They claim they had arrested all the 12 union leaders responsible for the incident on the same day. How is it possible? Others say it was pre-planned, if so then what happened to our intelligence?\" The incident also puts a question mark on the measures taken by the organization and the government for workers' safety, he added.Recalling the incident, Salil Lal, who was stuck with Awanish in the fire inside the Maruti plant and beaten by the union members, said, \"There was frenzy all over suddenly.Awanish's wife, who was not present, sent a text message reading \"Thanks for the support. This will keep pressure on them. Please keep up the pressure.\"For some it's high time the country's needs a change in its labour laws. \"India needs to get out of the medieval mould. More importantly, the nexus between politicians and trade unions needs to be exposed,\" said Shubhendu Kumar who was present at the vigil.S K Mohanty, an advocate, who did not know Awanish but was there to support the cause, said \"I don't know Awanish personally. But, if this has happened to Awanish, it can happen to any other person. We need to reform our labour laws. Moreover, the human resources officials and other top officers should stay in touch of their workers.\"Savijit Sharma, an employee in the HR department of Pepsico, said \"It's the cause for which the entire HR fraternity has come to support and I'm part of it.\"Anil Sachdev, founder of the School for Inspired leadership, said \"We need to get the government working and the people to take responsibility. The fact that instead of a dialogue, these people resorted to violence somewhere reflects that people have lost faith in the Indian Constitution and the government machinery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368675", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday in the following areas between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work. Power will be reStored before 5pm if work is completed.Pulianthope: Sydenhams road, Kannappar Thidal, Ripon Building area, Sundharapuram, Nehru Timber Mart, Appa Rao garden, Demellous road, VOC nagar, Ambethkar nagar, Ammaiammal St, Kuttithamburan, Kannikapuram, Gandhi nagar, Powder Mills road, Sathiyavani Muthu nagar, Part of Flower Bazaar, Elephant Gate, Pulianthope high road, Jafarkhan St, Bolnayakan St, Natcharammal St, Mannarsamy St, Narayanasamy St, DecaSter road, Mothilal St, Kattur Nalla Muthu St, Angalamman koil St, Ashtapujam road, KM garden, Periyar nagar, Pathasarathy St, Munusamy nagar, Avadi Srinivasan St, Arimuthu St.Alandur: Alandur, Maduvankarai, Adambakkam, Meenambakkam, Thiruvalluvar nagar, New colony, VV colony, Subbareddy colony.Mahalingapuram: Door No.740 to 809 &amp; 160 to 346 P.H.road, PC HoStel road, Nowroji road, McNichlos road, Harrington road, Old Shenoy nagar, Guru Samy road, Chetpet, Jaganathapuram, Noor Veerasamy St, VAlluvarkottam high road, Nungambakkam high road, Sterling road, Kothari road, Shenoy road, Nungambakkam, Seetha nagar, Wheats Crafts road, Siva Ganga road, New St, Avenue road, Ponnangipuram, Tank Bund road, Tank Parallal road, Sterling avenue, Part of Sterling road, Pushpa nagar, Rajaji 1, 2, 3rd St, Pushpa nagar main road, Mahalingapuram main road, Lakshmanan St, Nachiappan St, Vaikundhapuram, Sarojini St, Mahalinga chetty St, Shenoy Road, Mada Street's, Saraswathi St, Noor Veera samy St, Vijayalakshmi St, Ramanaickan St, Kumarappa St, Melpandi Muthu St, Jaganathan St, Krishnamachari St.Tiruvottiyur: TH Road from Sugam Hospital to Ernavoor floyover, Part of EH road from Bharathiyar nagar to Pattinathar koil, Jeevanlal nagar, Manickam nagar, Anjugam nagar, Thiru nagar, TSR nagar, Bharath nagar, Ramakrishna nagar, Ambethkar nagar, Around Jothi nagar, Raja Shanmugam nagar.Manali New Town : Andarkuppam, Kanniammanpettai, Arrialur, Ellandanoor, Sadaiyan kuppam, Vaikkadu, MMDA Phase - I.Usman Road : Duraisamy road, Lakshmi Narasiman St, Usman road, North Usman road, Tanjore road, Griffith road, Vasan St, Gandhi St, Jawaharlal Nehru St, Cartarck road, Anandan St, Ramachandra St, Krishnan St, Krishnasamy St, Bazullah road, Chari St, Ramadrishna St, Thiyagaraya Gramani St, Gangai Amman koil St, Habibullah road, Parthasarathy puram, Kolamamari Amman koil St, Balu Mudali St, Pillaiyar koil St, Kodambakkam high road, Vivikananda St, Mambalam high road, Rangan St, Rameswaram road, Unnamalai ammal St, Somasundaram St, Vysar St, Coats road, Murugesan St, Govindar St, Prakasam St, Kannaiah St, Arulambal St, Rajan St, Lakshmanan St, Bhagirathi ammal St, Sarangabari St, Sadasivam St, Thirumoothy St, Thirumalai pillai St, Thangavel St, Pinjala Subramanian St, Hanumantha Rao St, Rangachari St, Padmanaban St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15372481", "title": "Samsung loses lead in social media buzz to Maruti Suzuki", "text": "MUMBAI: Maruti Suzuki has been ranked the top most Indian brand in the social media space, according to NM Incite-a joint venture between Nielsen and McKinsey &amp; Company. The auto brand has taken the lead because of its strong performance across social media platforms replacing Samsung Mobile at the top spot, said the Nielsen-McKinsey report.Maruti Suzuki enjoys strong sentiments and high volumes of conversations on auto forums that include blogs, boards and social media sites Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, the report said. Nokia, brand IPL and Cafe Coffee Day make up the rest of the top five. While brand IPL is at the fourth spot, individual IPL teams such as Mumbai Indians have been ranked seventh and Shah Rukh Khan's Kolkata Knight Riders is at 16th position.The telecom sector continues to register a strong presence with nine brands in the top 20 but not addressing customer complaints has increased their negative sentiment. FMCG and food companies are new entrants on the list.\"Social media continues to be an integral part of our overall brand strategy. We have and continue to run innovative social media campaigns for our products like mobiles, smart televisions and other products which are giving us a strong presence in social media,\" said Asim Warsi , VP, Samsung India. The Korean company's spends on social media have doubled in the past one year.IPL is a new entry this time, its inclusion in the top 20 is driven by its performance on video sharing site YouTube. This led to high engagement levels on social media in the run-up to the IPL for the year, the report said.\"It is important to note the synergy between the offline and online reputation of Maruti Suzuki. Strong offline brand equity helps boost online conversations and sentiment. There is a strong brand advocacy online, with users engaging across social channels about brand initiatives like price changes and product launches,\" said Prashant Singh, MD, Media, Nielsen India.The other auto brands in the top 20 include Mahindra &amp; Mahindra at the eighth spot and Ford India which is ranked tenth. Both brands have dropped from their positions of sixth and second, respectively, from the last quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368094", "title": "Man hid marital status, faces rape charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has decided to frame rape charges against a man who married a girl after converting her to Islam and hid his marital status. When the girl came to know that her husband was already married, she tried to end her life. Later on, she lodged a complaint with police.Additional sessions judge T R Naval allowed framing of charges against Jamal Nasir for rape, abetment to suicide, concealment of former marriage, fraudulent marriage and cohabitation by inducing a belief of lawful marriage. Jamal, a resident of east Delhi, ran a cloth factory in front of the victim's house. He had allegedly approached the girl and asked her to marry him. He maintained he was a bachelor. According to the prosecution, in June 2001, Jamal called the girl inside the factory, where four other people were also present. One of them was introduced as Qazi and other three as witnesses. Jamal told her that after some recitations from the Quran, she would be converted to Islam and thereafter, they would be married.They then started living as man and wife. It was only when the girl asked him why he did not spend the nights at home that he disclosed his former marriage. But, she made a compromise and continued to live with Jamal.In July 2006, Jamal's first wife came at their house and beat her up. Later, Jamal shifted her to another house and even asked her to stay away from him. The girl went into depression and tried to kill herself, but was saved due to timely medical aid.After being discharged from the hospital, she lodged a complaint saying Jamal, his first wife Musharrat, his brother Anees and his wife Nilofar were responsible for making her end her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15370130", "title": "Action plan to tackle biological disasters", "text": "KOCHI: The district disaster management authority (DDMA) will soon devise an action plan to tackle biological disasters including pest attacks and epidemics in the city.The authorities have constituted a biological disaster management committee to implement the plan.Such a proposal was taken following the recent pest attacks in Edathala.Normally attacks of pests like caterpillars, snails, rats and rubber litter beetles have been reported in various parts of the district.\"Currently, we don't have any specific action plan to tackle pest menace or any other kind of biological disasters,\" said a DDMA official and stated this is the first time such a committee or action plan is being devised in the state.\"According to the national disaster management authority's guidelines every district and state should have an action plan to tackle biological disasters. Even though the health department is tackling epidemics and pandemics, a broader prospect to the activities to tackle biological disasters is needed,\" he added.The district medical officers (DMOs) of allopathy, ayurveda and homeopathy will head the committee and will coordinate with the agricultural department, Asha workers and various NGOs to conduct field surveys and studies on various types of pest attacks and methods to tackle them before the action plan is formulated.Once the proposal is approved by the state disaster management authority, a rapid action force will be formed incorporating residents associations, NGOs, health volunteers, revenue officials, fire and rescue, police and agricultural department. The authorities would also procure personal protection equipment to tackle various biological disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369503", "title": "Car agency told to pay Rs 83, 000 for refusing repair", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Refusal by a leading car selling agency here to repair a vehicle, during warranty period, has proved dear for it.The district consumer disputes redressal forum, while stating that Hind Motors, in Industrial Area, Phase I, adopted unfair trade practices, directed it to do free maintenance work up to Rs 83,000.Besides, the forum also imposed a fine of Rs. 15,000 on the company.\"I had purchased a Tata Indica car from Hind Motors on February, 27, 2009, by paying a sum of Rs. 4,76,700. The vehicle had a warranty for a period of 24 months from the date of sale or a mileage of 75,000 km, whichever happened first. However, the vehicle started giving major problems in March 2010,\" said Pawan Kumar, 41, a resident of Zirakpur.He added, \"When I approached the car agency, their mechanic, after examinining the vehicle, gave an estimate of Rs. 83,000 for repairs, saying that the car&amp;';s engine needed overhauling. But the opposite party said that it was not a manufacturing defect and refused to repair the car, saying that this problem was not covered under the provisions of the warranty .\"Thereafter, the complainant approached the consumer forum. The lawyer of the opposite party claimed that the car had met with an accident which had resulted in the problem.He argued that the warranty stood null and void in case of any accident.After hearing the arguments, the forum directed the accused company to repair the vehicle and in case the complainant had already got it repaired then reimburse him an amount up to Rs. 83,000.Besides, the opposite party has also been directed to pay a fine of Rs. 15,000 for causing physical harassment and mental agony to the complainant and Rs. 7000 as litigation costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369790", "title": "Debt instruments are not devoid of risk", "text": "The asset allocation of many households is tilted in favour of deposits, bonds and instruments that yield a fixed rate of interest. This is because these are simple to understand, have a defined cash flow, and the popular perception is that such instruments are not subject to risk, but this is not true. How should one weigh the risk before choosing these?First, inflation hurts fixed income instruments the most. Several retiring investors like the idea of investing in a deposit or a saving scheme that offers 8.5-10 % interest. They think that as long as inflation is lower than this rate, they will be fine, but this is flawed thinking because the interest is a simple rate applied to a given amount of investment. Therefore, it is a fixed sum of money. Inflation , on the other hand, is a compounded rate that applies to the value of the rupee at the end of each year.Assume an investment of 1 crore at 10% rate of interest, and inflation rate at 7%. The simplistic assumption is that 10% is higher than 7% and the investor should be fine. Not really. The income from the investment is 10 lakh a year. Consider an expense of 6 lakh a year to begin with. While the 10 lakh annual income remains steady and unchanged, the 6 lakh expense will grow at the rate of 7% per annum. In a short span of nine years, the expense will be over 10 lakh, while the income remains at the same level. There are two simple solutions to this problem. One, invest a portion of the corpus in a growth asset, so that it increases in value and can be transferred to the deposit after a 10-15 year period. A fixed income is earned, but on a higher base. Two, augment the income in initial years with an additional profession and do not draw on it immediately. If your financial goal is likely to be impacted by inflation, choosing a fixed income investment is not likely to help your cause. This is as true of funding education or marriage as it is for retirement.Second, a fixed rate of interest may not be fair to the investor at all times. For instance, in a bond, the rate of interest that a borrower pays is based on the current market rate. If someone issues a fiveyear deposit at 9% today, it is based on the current market rate but will be valid till the deposit matures. Investors with five-year deposits contracted three years ago at 7.5% feel left out of the current high-rates . The finest product for an investor is a floating rate instrument, whose rate is aligned to that of the market, and therefore, fair at all times. Interest rates primarily depend on the expectations about inflation. As long as the rates are aligned to an independent market rate, a floating rate bond, deposit, or saving scheme is a better bet to deal with the risk of inadequate compensation to investors.Third, default risk is not just about default. This risk is about the changing quality of the borrower's assets. The interest rate paid by the borrower reflects the quality of assets and its ability to repay a loan. Default or credit risk manifests when this ability deteriorates over time. It is the job of the credit rating agencies to evaluate this ability and provide a rating. The borrowing cost of a company depends on its rating, and the best tend to pay the least cost. However, the ability of a company to meet its obligations towards its lenders is not static and unchanging. Rating agencies have to monitor an issue till its maturity and they tend to affirm or re-rate a borrow ing. If a bond is downgraded, it means the quality of the books has deteriorat ed and the risk of default has increased For the investor, this is a risk since a high er interest rate is now needed given the higher risk. However, the company is pay ing the earlier contracted rate.The quality of the borrower's balance sheet and the extent of debt it already has impact its ability to carry new debt on its books and service it. This is why finance companies offer a higher inter est rate than manufacturing companies As companies borrow more at higher rates, this risk moves up. The investors who think they will lock in at an attrac tive high rate of interest, may actually be taking on a higher risk of default. It is critical to consider the default risk when interest rates are high and not be taken in by fancy claims of new and regular borrowers, whose balance sheets might be growing at a rate that is not sustainable.Ideally, the investor who seeks a fixed income should allocate carefully without giving too much weightage to bonds because they are simple. They should choose floating rate instruments so that they get the market rate, and should seek good quality borrowers who are not likely to default. Based on these criteria, the government's floating rate saving schemes are currently at the top of the list. Fixed income mutual funds are next, as they actively manage both the market rate and default risk. These are followed by deposits of well-known banks and top-rated finance companies. Bonds of PSUs and listed companies come next. Bonds and deposits of new finance firms, gold loan companies and high-risk broking firms should come last.\u2014The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15369068", "title": "Three held in Bokaro attempt to murder case", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Sunday arrested three persons who were allegedly attacked a 50-year-old woman with sharp weapons in Sector XI here and claimed to have solved the attempt to murder case.DSP, headquarters, P N Singh said Kamaljeet Paswan, Anil Kumar and Om Prakash had attacked Meera Devi at her residence on Saturday with a motive to kill her. However, Devi who was injured on the neck survived the attack and is admitted to the Bokaro General Hospital.\"The three are residents of Sector-VIII. Paswan, who has plotted the crime, had hired the duo for Rs 10,000 to accompany him. Paswan has attempted to kill because the woman has criticized his wife and mother-in-law when they had gone to meet him a few days back,\" the police officer said.He said in 2008 Ragini, Paswan's wife, had lodged a rape case against him. After Paswan came out of judicial custody, Ragini married him. In this case, Devi and her husband Kedar Singh were witnesses for Ragini. Kedar is a close friend of Ragini's father Radhey Sham.Ragini with her mother visited Devi's. \"But Devi criticized Ragini for getting married to the person who has attempted to rape her earlier. Reaching home, Ragini narrated the incident to Paswan, which infuriated him,\" the DSP said.Paswan confessed in front of police that he hired his two friends and went to Devi's home to kill her. \"The trio have been sent to judicial custody. Paswan has a criminal history,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368230", "title": "All parties want CCTV installation plan in 8 days", "text": "PUNE: An all-party delegation on Sunday demanded that the civic administration and the police department draft a fool-proof plan in eight days for installation of CCTV cameras in the city.The delegation met police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Sunday regarding the law-and-order situation in the city, in the wake of the serial blasts on Wednesday.Shiv Sena leader Neelam Gorhe said, \"Corporators from across party lines asked for specific steps that will be taken to install the CCTV cameras in the city. Various issues, like the practical and social aspects related to the installation of the cameras, were discussed in the meeting.\"Gorhe said all elected members have shown a willingness to raise special funds for the project, but have demanded a fool-proof plan to ensure that the system functions properly. Some of the elected members cited examples of how the system has failed in the past. They said that the plan should address problems like battery back-up for CCTV cameras, security, storage of footage and maintenance.Congress leader Mohan Joshi said, \"Installation of CCTVs is a joint effort of various government departments. The operations and maintenance of the CCTV cameras should be handled by one agency to ensure that the network is well coordinated.\" He said the delegation gave a deadline of eight days for the plan to be drafted.Meanwhile, party leaders also discussed other security measures and related facilities like providing of special suits for bomb detection squads and bulletproof jackets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368771", "title": "One arrested in Rs 1 crore gold theft", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police have arrested one person for involvement in the Rs1 crore theft case at a jeweller's shop near Chambharnala last week. Yogesh Asre, accomplice of main accused Dattaraj Bangre, has been remanded to police custody till August 8 after he was produced before the court on Sunday. Police are expecting some recovery from Asre.City police were stunned by Bangre, former employee of the jewellery shop, who had scampered out with two bags full of valuables. CCTV footage had revealed the entire episode. Police had brought Asre for questioning from Umrer. Asre was taken to the site by police where the entire episode was recreated before the CCTV cameras as the investigating team wanted to compare the footages of the actual happening and the ones shot before them. Police said the CCTV footages of the actual theft and the recreated one established the fact that it was by riding pillion on Asre's bike that Bangre had fled the scene.It is learnt that Bangre and Asre had gone to a place in Kalamna after the theft where they shared the booty before leaving the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15370087", "title": "Molestation case: Circle inspector held from hospital", "text": "THRISSUR: A circle inspector of police, accused of trying to molest a woman in a moving bus, was arrested from a private hospital here on Sunday.The accused, T T Subrahmanian, has been allegedly evading the police ever since the district court had cancelled his bail five days ago.The arrested CI of Rapid Rescue Response Force Unit in Malappuram was later remanded.Police said he was hospitalized following high blood pressure.The alleged crime took place on July 18 when the woman was returning home after bali tharpanam in Cheruthuruthi.A costly affair for gays: Guruvayur police have arrested a man who invited homosexuals for overnight stays in hotels, and then escaped with their valuables.Identifying the accused as K P Sumesh of Anamangad in Malappuram, police said he contacted his potential victims over the internet and phone, and lured them into staying with him in various hotels. He used to escape with the victims' valuables early the next morning.\"We received a complaint from a youth hailing from Kaipamangalam last week in which he alleged that the accused escaped with his gold chain and Rs 4,500 after an overnight stay in a Guruvayur lodgeDuring interrogation, he admitted to cheating similar others,\" police said.Police have slapped a case under IPC section 379 and remanded him for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15368954", "title": "Hotelier, staff assault client", "text": "RAMGARH: One Deepak Munda of CIS Basti under the Barkakana police station of the district was admitted in hospital after he was allegedly beaten up by a line hotel owner and his staff late on Saturday night. The incident occurred when Munda was ha ving dinner at the hotel along with some guests.Munda, who received multiple injuries, was taken to Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) hospital.Barkakana police station OC Vishnu Raut said here on Sunday that Munda along with his guests were taking dinner in a line hotel near Barkakana when he was attacked by the hotelier and his staff for expressing dissatisfaction over service. \"The injured person was immediately taken to local hospital of CCL in Barkakana,\" the OC said.An FIR has been registered against the line hotel owner Rama Munda and his staff on basis of the complaint made by the victim.Sources said no arrest has been made in this connection so far. Matter is being investigated by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369368", "title": "Mangalore citizens wage war against vigilantes", "text": "MANGALORE: The counter-attack on the self-appointed vigilante groups which ran amok on a Mangalore birthday party last week received a citizen push on Sunday.The concerned Mangaloreans came together under the banner of 'Arise Mangalore' to act as a pressure group and support the police to take the Padil attack case to its logical end. A vigilante group raided a birthday party in Padil, located on Mangalore fringes, and pushed around the girls at a house in the locality, sending shockwaves across India.In a memorandum to the governor, the group said there was an effort to deflect the attention from the core issue of the brutal attack and malign the victims, if the statements of State Women's Commission are any indication.The group doesn't want a repeat of such incidents. The group said the incidents like moral policing over the past six years have affected the inflow of investors, tourists and students. The group urged the authorities to register all fringe organisations with the police department and make public its members' lists with names and photographs.The city's leading lights participated at the meeting and condemned the damage caused to Brand Mangalore.Nitte Education Trust president N Vinay Hegde said: \"It is unfortunate that a group of goons can hold the city to ransom. The incident is no less than (a) murder. When we have been traumatized (by the horror), imagine how traumatized the victims must be? I've children and grandchildren. Tomorrow, it can happen to me when I celebrate my grandchild's birthday, if we do not act now.''He emphasized that the incident should not be diluted. \"The issue of home-stay licence is a separate matter. Law and order is a separate issue. We must deal with the latter,\" he added.Quoting Winston Churchill's argument in granting Independence to India, Hegde said: \"We must prove it wrong. If we don't confront the problem now, we will soon be the most-backward countries in the world.\" He reasoned that such blatant attacks were taking place due to some groups having political patronage. \"It is nothing to do with religion. If each recreational activity is considered a rave party, then it's not a done thing.\"Walter D'Souza, chairman of the southern region of the Federation of Indian Export Organisations, said: \"There are times when law-and-order machinery becomes a puppet in the hands of the politicians, and this is the time citizens have to rise and support the police so that they can act fairly and justly.\" Regarding no response or condemnation from the local MP and MLA, he wondered whether they had a mother or a wife, sister or a daughter. D'Souza said the problem needs out-of-the-box ideas to rid the city of the menace.Cops keep strict vigil on partiesHave the police ordered a clampdown on parties in Mangalore? The answer is a yes. A circular issued by the police department a few days after the Padil horror suggests abundant caution while holding parties - so much caution that it's tough to hold a get-together at all. But police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said: \"There's no problem in holding parties if the organizers obtain temporary (liquor) licence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367746", "title": "Telangana political Joint Action committee likely to postpone Chalo Hyderabad rally", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst growing speculations that all is not well between K Chandrasekhar Rao's Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) and Telangana political Joint Action committee (TJAC) which could seriously hit the momentum of separate Telangana movement, senior leaders of TJAC are mulling postponement of 'Chalo Hyderabad' slated for September 30. Notwithstanding the doubts over re-launching the agitation in August, the possibility of putting off the Chalo Hyderabad programme could dent the progress of separate Telangana movement and the hopes of pro-Telangana activists, aver analysts.The rumblings on the postponement of Chalo Hyderabad were set off after KCR set a fresh deadline for the Union government to make its stand clear on separate Telangana. \"Going by the developments, we are skeptical about re-launching the agitation in August. There is a strong possibility of re-considering the protest dates,\" said a TJAC leader not wanting to be named. As per the original plan, the TJAC was to launch an agitation on the Independence Day with activities like padayatras at the district level, culminating in Chalo Hyderabad. But, in the changed circumstances, it is likely to be put off to October-end, sources said.The TJAC leaders are citing the coming festive season as the reason for the likely postponement of the agitation.Ganesh Chaturthi will be celebrated on September 19 and the nimajjan (immersion of idols) is slated for the month-end.Also, the COP summit is slated from October 1. However, insiders claim that the widening rift between the two spearheads of the movement could be one of the strong reasons for postponement of the agitation plan.\"While the rift between KCR and TJAC chairman Kodandaram has lowered the spirit of the activists, TJAC was undone by the lukewarm response from the student community,\" sources pointed out.However, Kodandaram denied that they would postpone the Chalo Hyderabad.\"As of now, there are no changes in the plans. We are planning to leverage on the Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations as we can hold public meetings in the mandals,\" he said. The TJAC had scheduled steering committee meetings in Hyderabad and Nalgonda on August 2 and 3, but they did not materialize.The committee is also going slow on its original plans to conduct new membership drive for subsidiary organisations such as students JAC and medical JAC because of poor response. Declining to comment on KCR's remarks on the positive signals he was getting from the Centre, Kodandaram said: \"If he is getting the signals, it is good for us. But unless and otherwise the signals are well-pronounced, there is no question of backing out from the agitation.\"While there is an ambiguity among the activists over TRS and TJAC putting up a united fight, KCR's announcement seems to have only added to the confusion.\"When two leaders are talking in two different voices, how can they expect us to be prepared for the so-called big protest? We appeal to them to put aside their personal interests and join hands so that there is no ambiguity,\" said a student JAC leader. B Vinod Kumar, TRS politburo member, said the TRS was not involved in the agitation plan prepared by the TJAC. \"The two are different bodies fighting for the same cause, but we join hands when it comes to fighting for realization of separate Telangana,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15368981", "title": "Villagers upset over slow progress of Saranda Development Plan", "text": "RANCHI: Saranda Development Plan (SDP), the pet project of Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , has failed to meet project deadline for many works, including construction of roads and integrated development centre in West Singhbhum district.Gurbari Deogam, panchayat pramukh of Manoharpur, said they expected that direct intervention of the Union government will make a difference in the area. \"We are surprised that things have not moved at the desired pace. The Union minister in a meeting with the villagers in January had announced that he will inaugurate the first integrated development centre at Digha in May, but the work has not yet started,\" he said.Another villager, Baru Tirkey, revealed that pace of allotment of money for construction of Indira Awas Yojna and other roads are also very slow. \"Initially, we felt that all families will get a permanent house within a few months, but till date not more than a thousand people have received the money,\" said Tirkey.Officials in the district administration said that the work is moving at a slower pace than expected because of difficult terrain and the threat of Maoists. \"We are moving ahead with the project and have completed four road projects while work is in progress on others. Of the 7,000 families, around 6,000 have received radios and solar lamps,\" said an officer, adding that the work for distribution of bicycles is also going on and most of the families will get one by the end of the year.\"One of the important promises that has not be fulfilled is construction of integrated development centre and it is because of the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), which has been assigned the work. Since SAIL has promised to complete the work under its corporate social responsibility project, we cannot pressure them,\" said the officer.However, deputy commissioner of West Singhbhum K Srinivasan was optimistic about the project and promised to complete it within six months. \"We are making progress and have allotted work to different companies for construction of roads,\" said Srinivasan, adding that the entire 130km will be ready within six months.\"To ensure construction of the integrated development centre in all six panchayats, we have recently submitted a project of around Rs 1.5 crore under the Integrated Action Plan. I hope we get the funds soon as that will redressed this problem,\" said the DC, who has also set up a camp office in Manoharpur to closely monitor the development project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15367590", "title": "\u2018Zakat is being misused\u2019", "text": "Last week, Arif Raza, a representative of a madrassa in Bihar, hit the headlines when two miscreants at Dharavi thrashed him, robbed him of Rs 45,000 and locked him up in a room. Raza tried to escape through the window but landed up in Sion Hospital with a fractured spine.Raza is one of the thousands of zakat collectors camping in Mumbai during the month of Ramzan. While no zakat collector should meet Raza's fate, his way of collecting zakat money and his lack of concern for its safekeeping speaks volumes about the serious lacunae in zakat collection.A religious obligation, zakat is mandatory for every Muslim who must donate 2.5% of his/her annual savings to charity. However, unorganised zakat collection, a lack of transparency among the individuals and institutions which receive it and unprofessionalism in its distribution are collectively causing a colossal economic loss. Those who have studied the system of zakat collection and its distribution are aghast at the way the money, which could fund thousands of welfare schemes for the Muslim community, is being frittered away.The major chunk of zakat money goes to the thousands of madrassas that have mushroomed across the country. Though zakat can be given throughout the year, most Muslims give it during Ramzan since every good deed done in this month is supposed to bring boundless blessings. And so every Ramzan the madrassas send out their representatives to big cities like Mumbai to collect zakat.Often, it is the same set of individuals and madrassas which approach the affluent to receive zakat. This deprives the truly deserving of zakat money. \"Ideally, one who takes zakat once should be able to give zakat next year. Unfortunately, that is not happening,\" says Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi, director of the socio-cultural organisation Markazul Maarif.Who deserves zakat? The Quran mentions eight categories of people who can take zakat: the poor, destitute, the indebted, pilgrims, missionaries, poor non-Muslims who evoke sympathy among the zakat giver and the collectors of zakat who are poor. Who cannot get zakat? Those who are sahi-be-nisaab. A sahi-be-nisaab is defined as one who owns at least 75 grams of gold or 520 grams of silver or an equivalent amount of money which they have saved in a year.Zakat collectors work mostly on commission. Armed with the names and addresses of individuals, they swoop down on the city. Those who give zakat have no time to verify the credentials of the collectors. \"Many of these zakat collectors are professional beggars. Nobody checks whether their madrassas really exist or exist only on paper,\" says senior cleric Maulana Shoet Koti. He says that at present the total zakat money collected in the country must be to the tune of Rs 25,000 crore. Given the general impoverishment of Muslims, it can be safely said that zakat money is not going to the deserving. \"If we have so many poor among us, where does the money go?\" asks Islamic scholar Zeenat Shaukat Ali. \"If zakat money is managed properly, it can be used for the educational upliftment of the community. This will be possible when Muslims centralise the collection of zakat.In the past, there have been attempts to centralise zakat collection in the form of a Baitul Maal or House of Zakat. Dr Rahmatullah, economist and founder of the All India Council of Muslim Upliftment, floated a Baitul Zakat in the mid-1990s in Mumbai. However, his efforts were stonewalled by the clergy. Even the response from rich Muslims was not encouraging. \"Those who give zakat in crores have established their own channels for its distribution. They feel good when there is a queue of hungry, helpless people standing outside their bungalows, waiting for zakat,\" Rahmatullah explains.It was to stop this mockery of a divine duty, hailed as one of the five pillars of Islam, that city-based physician Dr M A Patankar tried to set up a central Baitul Maal a few years ago. In 2009, he convened a two-day All-India Zakat Conference at Haj House. Yet, it never took off. \"I have been ditched by those who promised to back me. There is a lack of sincerity in establishing a Baitul Maal,\" rues Dr Patankar.However, the Delhi-based Zakat Foundation of India (ZFI) has partially succeeded in this attempt. Founded in 1998, ZFI collects several crores of rupees and runs over two dozen institutions, including orphanages and widow shelters. It selects bright Muslim graduates and funds their coaching for the civil services (IAS topper Dr Shah Faisal a couple of years ago was coached by ZFI). \"Uplifting and empowerment of the community are part of our objectives. We utilise the money prudently,\" says ZFI's president Zafar Mahmood. ZFI's success is an exception in a country where huge chunk of zakat money gets misused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15371857", "title": "Mira Bhayander civic polls: Seventeen 'highly sensitive' booths identified", "text": "MUMBAI: A total of 17 polling booths in the Mira-Bhayander region have been identified as highly sensitive. Another 69 booths have been categorised as sensitive.The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) elections will be held on August 12, followed by counting of votes the next day.Municipal commissioner Vikram Kumar along with election officials toured the 669 polling booths set up in the region.Sensitive and highly sensitive booths have been shortlisted and additional police arrangements will be made at these locations.Though the details of the sensitive booths have been kept confidential, sources said that most of them are in the Naya Nagar area of Mira Road and Goddev in Bhayander (east).The countdown to the elections has begun with political parties going all out to woo voters.As Sunday happened to be the last holiday before the election when voters' were at home, candidates visited housing societies and held meetings with office bearers.Over five lakh voters will exercise their franchise to elect 95 corporators to the civic body. While the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will go it alone in the polls, the Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) are campaigning together.The civic administration has appealed to voters to make use of the helpline number (9225320011) in case of any queries regarding polling booths or photo proof of documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367790", "title": "Barkatullah University probing 'high' physics professor", "text": "BHOPAL: Remember the scene from Amir Khan's super-hit Bollywood flick '3 Idiots' where Bomman Irani caught Sharman Joshi in inebriated condition in the class room. Interestingly, a similar scene is witnessed regularly in the physics department of Barkatullah University, Bhopal. The only difference is the reversal of roles- here it is the professor who is also the head of the department (HoD) who is under fire for alcoholism.University authorities have received complaints, both from the students and the staff, about the alleged misbehavior by Prof S P Sanyal. In the recent complaint, two PhD pursuing students wrote to vice-chancellor stating that Sanyal misbehaved with them and he was drunk.\"My two students went to meet him regarding their research degree committee issue. Surprisingly, they found Sanyal drunk and he misbehaved with them,\" Prof Poornima Singh said. Both students are pursuing Phd under Prof Singh.Singh added that students had lodged the complaint in June. \"We hope that the vice chancellor will take appropriate action.\" Prof Singh said adding that she would be left with no option but to approach the higher authorities if the university failed to address the issue. Sanyal is the chairman of physics' research degree committee of Barkatullah University.In November last year, BU vice chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey had warned that any employee found in inebriated condition in the university campus would face action and they would be sent for medical examination.On condition of anonymity, a teacher of the department said they made several complaints against the professor in question but the university authorities took it casually. \"His addiction to alcohol has been creating problems to students especially girls and colleagues,\" he said.When contacted, BU's vice chancellor Nisha Dubey admitted that she had received complaints from students, \"Students had lodged a complaint against Sanyal some time back,\" Prof Dubey said. She reiterated that such activities cannot be tolerated in the university campus by anyone. Investigations into the complaint against Prof Sanyal is on hence I cannot comment on it\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374992", "title": "'Dark Knight Rises' tops box office 3rd weekend", "text": "The third and final film in the 'Batman' trilogy - 'The Dark Knight Rises' - topped the box office for the third week in a row, making 36.4 million dollars this past weekend.According to Sunday estimates from Warner Bros, the finale in Christopher Nolan's epic has now made nearly 355 million dollars domestically alone, the New York Post reported.'Total Recall', starring Colin Farrell in a new take on the thriller that provided Arnold Schwarzenegger with one of his best-loved actions roles in 1990, opened in second place with 26 million dollars, Columbia Pictures said.The Fox family comedy 'Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days' debuted at number 3 with 14.7 million dollars.Also this week, the Universal Pictures comedy 'Ted' made an additional 5.5 million dollars to cross the 200-million-dollar mark domestically; it also had a huge weekend internationally, taking in 32 million dollars.'Family Guy' creator Seth MacFarlane directs for the first time and provides the voice of a foul-mouthed, pot-smoking teddy bear who's the lifelong best friend of Mark Wahlberg's character.Estimated ticket sales were for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to Hollywood.com. Where available, latest international numbers are also included. Final domestic figures will be released on Monday.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:The Dark Knight Rises - 36.4 million dollarsTotal Recall - 26 million dollarsDiary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days - 14.7 million dollarsIce Age: Continental Drift - 8.4 million dollarsThe Watch - 6.35 million dollarsTed - 5.5 million dollarsStep Up Revolution - 5.7 million dollarsThe Amazing Spider-Man - 4.3 million dollarsBrave - 2.9 million dollarsMagic Mike - 1.4 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367955", "title": "Government bodies hoarded Rs 133 crore foodgrain", "text": "MUMBAI: Two government-owned bodies were found to have illegally hoarded cereals and pulses worth Rs 133.4 crore in various warehouses.On July 4, the state controller of rationing raided warehouses in Uran in Raigad and recovered foodgrains worth Rs 124 crore. Two days later, another raid was carried out at warehouses in Panvel and 1,675 tonnes of pulses worth Rs 9.4 crore were recovered. These had been lying in the warehouses for over two years, said sources. The raids were confirmed by controller of rationing Ashwini Joshi.During the raid in Uran, officials found tur dal, green peas, yellow peas and jowar, totally weighing 22,380 metric tonnes. A report prepared by the controller of rationing states the central government-owned State Trading Corporation (STC) entered into a tripartite agreement with two other companies, Rica Global and Jai Gurudev Traders. All the companies, including STC, had no permission from any local district or village authority to store the essentials in the warehouses, the report said. There were no bills of sale or purchase.A Delhi-based company, M/s Sohanlal Commodities Management Pvt Ltd, was found to have hoarded foodgrains in Panvel. The company did not have licences from local authorities to store the pulses.The pulses were imported by government-owned PEC Ltd under a Centre-mandated quota to be distributed in the local market, but seemed to have been routed to the black market, states a report of the controller of rationing.Mohan Nihalani, president of All India Importers and Exporters Association, said it was the duty of Customs authorities to ensure pulses are not hoarded and companies abide by the Essential Commodities Act.Complaints have been registered against the STC, PEC Ltd as well as the companies found involved in both instances with the Uran and Panvel police respectively for violation of The Essential Services Maintenance Act, The Maharashtra Scheduled Commodities Wholesale Dealers Licensing Order and The Prevention of Black Marketing and Maintenance of Supplies and Essential Commodities Act.Foodgrains worth 124 crore were recovered during raids on warehouses in Uran. Pulses worth 9.4 crore were recovered from warehouses in Panvel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15368069", "title": "Abandoned baby found in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Five days after a 15-day-old baby girl was found abandoned in Sector 53, another child, this time a one-year-old boy, was found abandoned in Sector 62 on Saturday. The child was found after people in the area heard him crying.Police forwarded the matter to the Child Welfare Committee and the child was taken to the district hospital. Upon diagnosis, it was found that he was not medically fit and was having problems being fed. He was then referred to Lady Hardinge Medical College in Delhi where he is currently being treated.Cops said the identity of the baby's parents is not clear. \"This is the second case we have got from the same area. The area where the two babies were abandoned is relatively deserted. It is possible that the boy was abandoned due to a health issue, but it is still too early to tell,\" said a cop.\"There have been no enquiries about the two missing children yet. If no on turns up to claim them in three months, they will be put up for adoption,\" said Satya Prakash, FXB-Suraksha Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15375360", "title": "CPM demands arrest of Haryana minister in air hostess suicide case", "text": "ROHTAK: Expressing deep anguish and outrage over yet another shameful episode involving Haryana minister of state for home and local bodies Gopal Kanda, the Haryana unit of CPM has demanded his immediate arrest.\"His resignation from the ministry is inadequate and mere eyewash. In view of the serious charges, he must be arrested by the Delhi police immediately\", said party state secretary Inderjit Singh at Rohtak on Monday.Singh said that that chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda also owes an explanation to the public as how the chief minister could remain unaware of his immediate subordinate minister's conduct being himself in-charge of the Home portfolio.The party committee stated alleged that the chief minister conveniently preferred to condone such other criminal acts of Kanda and his close accomplices in the past.\"The recent expose of certain ruling party legislators of Rohtak district being linked to the infamous Apna Ghar episode of child and women abuse also needs to be taken cognizance of,\" he said.Reacting to another unfortunate incident of recovery of body of Fiza, estranged wife of former Haryana deputy chief minister Chander Mohan, the CPM said that the mysterious death of Fiza needed to be thoroughly probed by an independent agency.\"This is necessary in view of her marriage and subsequent desertion by the then deputy chief minister Chander Mohan\", the party said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369975", "title": "Haryana CM for state role in land deal", "text": "KOLKATA: Even though the Mamata Banerjee government has time and again ruled out the possibility of state intervention for acquisition of land for industry, chief minister of Haryana B S Hooda feels that the state should deal with this problem with an open mind. He indicated that some kind of hand-holding in land acquisition is needed. However, he made it clear that the state should intervene when the company has already acquired at least 60-70% of the land required for the project. He was speaking at an event by the MCC Chamber of Commerce.When asked whether it is possible to acquire land for industry without the state help, Hooda said it is not impossible, but in the same breath Haryana chief ministeradded that his government helps industry in acquiring land for connectivity. \"If 1,000 acres are required for any project, we advise the company to buy 700 acres. If they request us to acquire the remaining 300 acres for connectivity, we do that. We also offer land to firms in the industrial parks,\" he added.It may be noted that some of the projects in Bengal have been delayed because the promoters could not acquire small stretches of land required for connectivity.Haryana chief minister complained that industrialists always try to lower the cost of land by paying less. \"They (industrialists) always try to minimize land cost though it is only 3-4% of the project cost. As a farmer, I can understand the importance of land to a farmer. So, they should be compensated properly. We have revised our compensation policy which is the best in the country now,\" he added.According to Hooda, apart from price of the land, Haryana government has introduced 33 years annuity for the land losers. \"We are upgrading the land pooling policy further. Now, the land losers will be a partner in the project. The land losers will get a portion of the developed land from the promoters after the completion of the project which he can sell or retain for commercial purpose,\" he added.Meanwhile, Hooda is confidant that Maruti won't pull out from his state following militant trade unionism in Manesar and subsequent invitation to shift base by states like Bengal and Gujarat. \"It's a stray incident. The crime rate in Haryana is the lowest and the man days lost also is the lowest. We have spoken to Maruti management and they are satisfied,\" Hooda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15369435", "title": "North Central Railway general manager takes stock of Allahabad junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The North Central Railway general manager Alok Johri inspected the Allahabad Junction on Sunday. He laid emphasis on repair of foot over bridges and the planning for the proposed escalators to be installed at Allahabad Junction.NCR public relation officer Amit Malviya said the inspection started at 10am. Johri first inspected the various foot over bridge and the stairs. He then went to the site of proposed escalators and discussed the planning of the same with senior officials. He instructed the officials to conduct a detailed survey of the foot over bridges and the landing of stairs. He also instructed the officials to take suitable steps to see that the landing of stairs meets the passengers requirement.While inspecting the layers of these stairs, the GM instructed the officials that if the layer of these stairs have become unequal than the needed grinding be done and needed repair be taken. He also instructed the officials to remove the channel gate, located at Civil Lines side, so that more space can be created for smooth flow of passengers while coming from foot over bridge joining platform number 1 to 10, said Malviya.The GM also discussed at length the progress of work regarding preparations of Maha Kumbh. He instructed the officials that work should be expedited so that the work shall be completed before the targeted schedule time of completing the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15370062", "title": "Pakistani student shares his experience about India", "text": "Fifteen-year-old Abdullah Khan from Khaldunia High School in Pakistan was brimming with energy as he talked about his first visit to India. He was here in the Capital with a group of Pakistani school students to be part of the Ghummakkad Narain-Travelling Literature Festival (July 30-August 2).He, along with other students, from Pakistan not only bonded with students from Delhi schools over literature, but were also part of the India-Pakistan Peace Workshop, Peace Across Borders.\"Books and literature are a great way to connect and exchange ideas with students of our age. Here in India, as part of the travelling festival, we presented a play by Manto, read poetry from Manto and Neruda and shared experiences of our stay in India,\" said Khan.Talking about the activities they took part in, Khan informed that the activities ranged from poster-making to wall hangings to showcasing Pakistan. \"I made a power-point presentation on the four provinces of Pakistan. The presentation highlighted the uniqueness of these provinces along with pictures. The slide-show had music from a particular musical instrument called the pakhawaja, this is special because only one family in Pakistan plays this instrument. It sounds a bit like the sitar. Also, we had choreographed dances from all the four provinces, which were showcased.\"Khan informed that students who had good communication skills, were outgoing, could handle the cultural difference and had a fair idea of the culture of both India and Pakistan, and also had good academic records were especially chosen for this programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15370490", "title": "US rifles for Indian special forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: American M-4 assault rifles \u2014 used by the US Navy SEALS to eliminate al-Qaida chief Osama Bin Laden \u2014 are being inducted into the Indian Army's special forces battalions for use in counter terrorists operations here.India had recently signed a deal with the US worth several crore rupees for procuring these M-4 carbine rifles for the Army's eight special forces battalions, Army sources revealed. These guns have been used extensively by the US special forces in operations across Iraq and Afghanistan and are now being inducted into the eight battalions of Army's special forces, they said.The guns were used by the US Navy SEALS to shoot down Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan's Abottabad in Operation Geronimo carried out in May last year.Sources said the new guns will not be a replacement for the existing inventory of Israeli Tavor-21, Uzi and mini-Uzi rifles but will supplement the armoury. The Tavor-21s were also inducted only a few years ago into the SF battalions which were using the AK-47s till then. The Special Forces have been given responsibility to handle any 26/11 type attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15367811", "title": "Power crisis: Noida industries threaten to leave", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists have threatened the state government that they will move out of Uttar Pradesh if power supply is not regularized to their production units. Industrial sectors faced outages of more than 16 hours a day last week even after power supply from the Northern Grid was restored. Industrialists complain that lack of adequate power has not only forced them to cancel future orders but has also led to lesser profits making them unable to pay back bank loans.\"Even though there is a roster for power supply to industries, several sectors are only supplied electricity for 4-5 hours a day,\" said president of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association, Vipin Malhan. \"If industries continue to suffer losses, we will have no alternative but to shift base to neighbouring states which ensure adequate power supply,\" added Malhan.The acute power crisis has forced industrialists to write to Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav demanding his intervention to end the crisis. Industrialists have complained that they are forced to pay fixed charges to the power distribution companies to avail connections, irrespective of whether or not they are supplied power. \"Over 90% of industrialists in the city have availed of bank loans to set up industries. With no production, it has now become difficult for us to pay back these loans,\" said Malhan.Even after restoration of supply from the Northern Grid, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited is yet to ensure round-the-clock power supply to industries. The discom had informed that industries would get 12-hour power supply from August 5-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367650", "title": "Thousands of engineering seats to go vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An estimated 7,000 engineering seats, reserved for diploma engineering students to pursue engineering degree courses, are likely to remain vacant. The process of granting final admissions will be undertaken soon in the first week of August.Officials of the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) said that there are engineering degree 14,329 seats to which students with engineering diplomas can be admitted directly in the third semester. Only 17,000 students filled forms for these.Later, when it came to registration, the numbers dwindled further with only 15,058 students registering for admission. ACPC officials said that many branches of engineering are expected to take a beating with seats likely to go vacant in the absence of interested students.Electronics and Communication (EC) engineering is the worst hit with nearly 1,000 odd seats likely to remain vacant in colleges. There are 3,446 seats for which only 2,400 students have applied.In Information and Technology (IT), there are 1,484 seats with only 958 students applying for admission. Resultantly, 500 seats are likely to go vacant.Environment engineering too has few takers with only 23 students applying for admissions as against 105 seats.Civil engineering has 1,780 seats for which only 1,506 students have applied leaving as many as 274 seats vacant.Mechanical engineering is emerging as a rare hot favorite among the students. It is the only branch where the number of students who have applied for admission exceeds the number of seats.\"A good 3,856 students have applied for admission to 1,989 seats. There will be good merit-based competition here,\" said ACPC official.ACPC member M N Patel said that mechanical engineering has emerged as one branch which gets good jobs even in times of recession. \"EC and computer engineering used to be hot favorites but with the number of seats increasing, demand has dropped,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington/new delhi", "code": "15370299", "title": "Seven killed as gunman opens fire at Wisconsin gurdwara", "text": "WASHINGTON/NEW DELHI: Random American gun violence erupted in a Sikh gurdwara outside Milwaukee in Wisconsin on a quiet Sunday morning, claiming the lives of at least seven people. Early reports spoke of a white Caucasian male who opened fire indiscriminately amid reports that 12 children had been taken hostage. At least 20 people were injured, three of them critically.The gunman was shot dead by the police who rushed to the scene after 911 calls. \"An officer arrived on the scene, engaged the shooter and was shot multiple times,\" Greenfield police chief Bradley Wentlandt said. \"That shooter was put down.\"Preliminary reports said there were at least three gunmen involved but the police said they have not yet identified if there was any additional shooter. Wentlandt said four people were gunned down inside the gurdwara while three, including the shooter, died outside the shrine. The identity of the victims were not immediately known.President Barack Obama was briefed by his counter-terrorism adviser John Brennan on the situation.The Indian embassy in Washington DC said it was seized of the situation and was in touch with the National Security Council . \"Our consulate general in Chicago too has been in close touch with the local authorities to monitor the situation. An official has been deputed to visit the site to ascertain the situation on the spot,\" the embassy said in a statement.Sikhs seethe over attackSikhs have been targets of random, occasional violence and discrimination in the aftermath of 9/11 although the Obama White House has engaged more with the Sikh community than any other US administration in history.Obama himself has been deeply respectful of the faith and has hosted events to honour the Sikh Guru Nanak Dev and celebrate other Sikh events. But things have been spotty at the workaday level with occasional complaints from Sikh organizations about discrimination.Sikhs reacted angrily to the shooting with some snide comments about white, majority terrorism. \"Waiting for a US news network to get the guts to call this what it is \u2014 home-grown terrorism,\" said Gagan Singh who tweets under the handle @urbanturbanguy.Scores of people had gathered at the gurdwara in Oak Creek, built about 6-7 years ago, on Sunday morning when a gunman opened indiscriminate fire.On Sundays, typically Sikh temples across the US host a langar to serve free lunch to people of all faiths. The local police chief described the scene as chaotic and fluid and urged the media not to broadcast photos or video showing tactical units, which could put officers in danger.One of the dead was reported to be a priest visiting from Delhi but this could not be confirmed.Terror on SikhsSikh rights groups have reported a rise in hate crimes in the US since 9/11 attacks as community members were mistaken for Muslims; over 700 incidents recordedSept 2001: A Sikh gas station owner shot dead in Mesa, ArizonaJuly 2004: A Sikh severely beaten outside a New York restaurantMarch 2011: Two Sikhs fired upon in Sacramento , leaving one dead and the other in critical conditionMay 2011: A Sikh MTA employee suckerpunched in a moving train in NY by a man who accused him of being related to Osama bin Laden", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369480", "title": "Forecasters say El Nino picking steam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The puzzle over this year's truant monsoon may deepen with major forecasters now seeing the conditions in the Pacific approaching a threshold or borderline El Nino event -- the weather phenomenon that is seen to cause drier conditions by disrupting the ocean-temperature system.The Australian Bureau of Meteorology in its latest El Nino wrap-up has said that the Pacific remains at \"values near the threshold of an El Nino event\" that climate models say could be reached only by late winter or spring. At present, the forecast suggests these could be \"weak El Nino conditions\".An El Nino event is developing despite mixed signals, says the July 31 Australian forecast, \"Although indicators such as the Southern Oscillation Index (SOI) and trade winds are less El Nino-like than they were a month ago, ocean surface temperatures continue to show a pattern, and in some places values typical of the development stage of an El Nino,\" the bureau said.Late Australian winter would mean the current month of August and spring indicates September-October by when the Indian monsoon season is over. Interestingly, while experts see a one-two month lag in El Nino conditions affecting weather, more immediate factors like the Indian Ocean Dipole are neutral.\"The Indian Ocean Dipole (IOD) is currently neutral. Outlooks from the bureau's climate model indicate neutral to weak positive IOD conditions are likely through winter and spring,\" said the forecast. As IOD is an atmospheric condition, it is seen to affect the Indian monsoon more directly and swiftly than an El Nino.The International Research Institute for Climate and Society has said borderline El Nino conditions have developed. \"After a period of neutral ENSO (El Nino southern oscillation) conditions between May and late June 2012, SST (sub surface temperature) anomalies in the east-central tropical Pacific became sufficiently positive to be at a borderline El Nino level,\" the society said.This means the rising temperature of the Pacific Ocean up to 300 meters from its surface, typically in the region of .5 degrees or more, is now being observed consistently over a region wide enough to be called an El Nino event.\"For the July-September season, 38% of models indicate neutral ENSO conditions, while 62% indicate development of El Nino conditions. For August-October, 31% indicate neutral conditions and 68% predict El Nino conditions,\" the society said.The IRICS said the warming is still more pronounced in the eastern part of the Pacific and less so near the international dateline. The most recent reports of warming indicate \"near borderline El Nino conditions in the tropical Pacific\". This is despite temperatures showing a slight cooling from previous weeks.\"For all models, the preference for El Nino conditions in fact maximizes for the October-December season, and remains at 76% for November-January,\" the IRICS said. In words, the models collectively favour El Nino development during July-September, lasting through autumn and ending during middle to late northern winter 2012-13, the society said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15368978", "title": "Murder accused, live-in partner commit suicide in Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A man, who was charged with murdering a woman for loot, has committed suicide at Adpur village in Bagsara taluka of Amreli district. His live-in partner also killed herself. The deceased, who had consumed a poisonous substance, have been identified as Raju Keliya (45) and Tasleema (24). Their bodies were found in an agricultural field in the village on Sunday morning.Police said Keliya was wanted in a murder case in Kutch district and had committed suicide to escape arrest. Keliya was a native of Adpur village and Tasleema of Bagsara town.\"Keliya had been charged with murdering a woman at Kera village of Bhuj taluka in Kutch district on July 28. The couple had gone to Kutch district a few months ago. A case of loot and murder had been filed against him. Since then he had been on the run,\" said investigating officer N N Dhandhal, Bagsara police station.Keliya had shifted to Kutch due to problems at his native village after starting a live-in relationship with a Muslim girl. After his name cropped up in connection with the murder, Bhuj police visited his native village. Keliya committed suicide to escape arrest, the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15368975", "title": "Peace meet to end clashes in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: After simmering tension for more than 72 hours, residents of the city's Pandra locality participated in a peace meet on Sunday. In the meeting convened by independent MLA from Mandar Bandhu Tirkey, the two groups agreed that they would exercise restraint. The peace committee's meeting is important with the festive season approaching. Around 2,000 locals from both sides participated in the peace meeting at the Pandra middle school. The peace meeting has subsided rumours of a curfew being imposed in the area. Anti-riot vehicles, water cannons, and over 1,000 security personnel were deployed in the area right since Friday afternoon.However, heated words were also exchanged at the peace meeting. Usha Gupta, whose son Ayush Raj was injured in the infighting on Thursday evening, said, \"My son is in ICU since Thursday evening. I just want justice. I agree to maintain peace, but justice must be done and it must be done fast.\" The other side was also refusing to accept responsibility for the violence. Meanwhile, the entire village kept vigil throughout the night on Saturday to ward of any violence.Kotwali DSP Surendra Singh Pal said: \"All the named accused will be arrested soon. Two of them are already in our custody.\" Tirkey, who visited a few parts of the village on Saturday night, said: \"Both the groups need counselling. The situation could have flared out of proportions, but both the sides have maintained calm.\"Tension has started on Thursday evening when two groups of boys clashed over a certain issue. The same night, one group assembled over 100 boys and attacked the other. It led to four boys sustaining severe injuries. Furious locals then blocked the Ranchi-Lohardagga main road on Friday demanding immediate arrest of the accused. The other group launched a counter-blockade on the road for over six hours on Saturday morning.At the peace meeting on Sunday, two committees were formed to keep their sides in control. Each group consists of 10 representatives. Pandra police outpost in-charge K K Jha said both the groups have been asked to visit locals for counselling so that they do not turn violent. The locals have demanded that the police continue its investigation of the incident. \"Few of the locals are also talking about compromise. It will be a welcome step,\" said a police officer.Later, a meeting of the peace committee was again held. Both the sides have been given the responsibility of maintaining peace. \"They have given it in writing. Now the issue has almost normalised,\" said Jha. Despite the agreement, no withdrawal of security forces took place on Sunday. \"The force would remain there. It will be withdrawn after we properly access the situation after a couple of days,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375247", "title": "Abhay Deol\u2019s girl dazzles the ramp!", "text": "Abhay Deol's girlfriend Preeti Desai dazzled the ramp at the Lakme Fashion Week 2012.Abhay Deol's stunning girlfriend who happens to be a model and an actress is becoming a regular at the LFW. She was the showstopper for renowned designer Anita Dongre on Sunday night at LFW 2012.Preeti looked stunning in a regal white and gold gotta embroidered bridal lehenga, choli, dupatta and wearing the most exquisite pearl jewellery.Anita Dongre's collection was called \"Urban Goddess\" and it was one of the major highlights of the day as it concluded the Indian Textile Day celebrations at the LFW.While the women looked gorgeous in ghagras, pencil skirts, men's fashion was equally regal.Speaking of showstoppers, LFW 2012 finale will see Kareena Kapoor walk the ramp for Kallol Datta and Pankaj, Nidhi on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gorakhpur/kushinagar", "code": "15368804", "title": "Hygienic lifestyle key to curb encephalitis deaths", "text": "GORAKHPUR/KUSHINAGAR: In 2011, killer encephalitis claimed 579 lives, most of whom were children. This year, the toll has already touched 154. But half of these children could have been saved had local residents taken steps to check two wrong behaviors: open defecation and consuming water from locally made shallow handpumps called 'khichwa' or 'chapa'.\"Both the things are a part of the disease cycle. To get rid of half the burden of encephalitis, one needs to get rid of the two practices which are a part of the people's life here,\" said Dr RN Singh, crusader against encephalitis who has already proved his point through his case study, Holiya, a village in Kushinagar. Holiya got rid of 'chapas' besides improving its sanitation and hygiene to save the people from diseases. The results are visible through zero encephalitis case since January 2010.Even the local administration is aware of this. \"Open defecation and unhygienic practices lead to seepage of faeces and urine in the earth, which mix with groundwater. Disease occurs due to consumption of this contaminated water. The phenomenon becomes rampant during rainy season, when groundwater levels swell further,\" said K Ravindra Naik, commissioner, Gorakhpur and Basti divisions.Experts bank on behavioral change strategies to change the way people think. Head of social and preventive medicine department, King George's Medical University, Prof Jaiveer Singh said, \"Behavioral change strategies such as communication should be used effectively to create awareness about health issues. Implementing agencies need to talk in the language that locals understand and also rope in people who influence the villagers.\"Dr Vishwajit Kumar, public health expert with Johns Hopkins University , in association with KGMU, helped in bringing down the rate of neonatal deaths in Shivgarh block of Rae Bareli through behavioral change. \"Continuous efforts work. However, strategies yield desired results only when we are able to convince the lead person,\" Dr Kumar told TOI.A peep into the life of residents, however, shows that administration faces a challenging task:Shallow handpumps are a social evil....Shallow handpumps, which are a part of the disease cycle in at least 50% of the patients, are used by majority of families in rural areas of encephalitis-affected districts. According to an estimate submitted by local health office, Gorakhpur alone has 3.88 lakh shallow handpumps. In the neighboring Kushinagar, 4.5 lakh families own shallow handpumps, which is about five times the total number of India Mark II counterparts.An official stated that getting rid of the handpumps was essential to break the disease cycle. But a drive against the 'khichwas' could mean a law and order problem. The reason: more than the source of water, they are a symbol of self-reliance. Actually, most villages have just a couple of the India Mark II handpumps. Locals said people belonging to upper castes/influential class (for example the village head) manage to get the handpumps installed near their houses and consider it as a personal property.In fact, the social nature of the problem appears to be above the disease and deaths caused by it. \"Depending on these handpumps alone could mean doing without water sometimes or entering into agreements on other occasions. The ills of dependence prompt people to make their own arrangements,\" said social worker AK Verma. Dubey tola, a small hamlet in Baghai Bhari village of Gorakhpur's Campierganj tehsil, where Lucky died after a monthlong battle with encephalitis, offers a case study.On inspecting the place to conduct a death audit, a health department team found that Paras, Lucky's neighbor, was installing a shallow handpump in his house. On being asked if he was aware of the health hazard associated with the shallow handpump, he promptly replied, \"I know it causes encephalitis, but this would save us from everyday running and fights (for water).\"Regarding the risk of disease, Paras said: \"Disease is god's will.\" Family members of Mariya, a patient from Bisaurapur village in Kushinagar's Casia block, who survived encephalitis last season, still use the shallow handpump. Justifying their behavior, they said, \"We use it for purposes other than drinking.\" However, the claim would easily fail the test of reality as there is no India Mark II handpump in the village.People's open invitation to disease....People in the encephalitis endemic region begin their day by sending an open invitation to the disease. More than 80% of rural folks and at least 70% urban persons answer nature's call in the open fields. The human excreta contain entero viruses that spread easily and later cause encephalitis. Ironically, a large number of these people were beneficiaries of the Total Sanitation Campaign wherein toilets were built inside their houses or in the vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368808", "title": "Showing off uncle's gun lands student in soup", "text": "NAGPUR: A BBA (Bachelor of Business Adminstration) student landed in police net for his alleged possession of a kin's licensed revolver on Saturday. Dinesh Harode, in his 20s, was nabbed outside a liquor bar after Gittikhadan police received information about a young man brandishing the gun.Police said Harode, son of a Spanco employee, walked out of his residence with the revolver of uncle Rishi Karonde. Rishi had left the weapon behind while going to his wife's place at Multai in Madhya Pradesh. It is learnt no cartridge was found on Harode. Police said Harode's mother managed the family's cloth business on Katol Road.During interrogation, Harode claimed he had brought the Indian-made firearm, worth nearly Rs 80,000, to show it off to his friends at the bar. Police now want custody of Harode to verify his claim. Preliminary investigations revealed Harode had no history of crime. Police are also waiting for his uncle Rishi, who is a social worker too, to reach Nagpur for further investigation. An offence under Arms Act has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15369978", "title": "No tiger reserve proposal: Govt", "text": "PANAJI: A tiger reserve in Goa still remains a distant dream. To a question by Congress MLA, Vishwajit Rane in the Goa assembly on whether \"there was any proposal to declare area for the tiger reserve in the state,\" forest minister Alina Saldanha replied with a, \"No sir.\"In June 2011, then Union minister for environment and forests, Jairam Ramesh had written to then chief minister Digambar Kamat requesting the state to submit a proposal to declare the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary in Sattari as a tiger reserve. While the former government dilly-dallied over the proposal, the new government has not shown any initiative to consider the proposal afresh.Following the change in government, environmentalists were hopeful that conservation of a 'resident tiger population' in Goa would receive a boost.Though this hasn't happened yet, there are some prepared to grant more leeway to the new forest minister. \"She has taken charge recently and may not have any proposal at the moment,\" Goa Foundation's Claude Alvares said.He added that given that Mhadei is a protected area, the minister must be aware about the legal position and the Supreme Court order of 2004 rejecting a government proposal to denotify the sanctuary. \"Thus, the status of Mhadei WLS is legally clear and cannot be changed. Declaring it a tiger reserve will also not change it, anyway,\" Alvares said.Some politicians and others have been raising a bogey about the presence of people within the sanctuary limits. Dismissing this as a ploy to keep the tiger reserve proposal on the backburner, Alvares said hearings by PV Savant, who was appointed revenue officer and collector for the sanctuary about five years back, had revealed that the 117 claims are related to land outside the sanctuary limit.No claims regarding mining leases in the area have been made, he added. \"Why does it take the government 12 years to establish the factual position?\" Alvares asked. People's interest in the land and plantations should be protected, but the fact that some are quoting varying figures of population in sanctuary limits proves vested interests, he added.Mhadei, Bondla, Molem, Neturlim and Cotigao wildlife sanctuaries form a 700-sq km wildlife corridor linking Bhimgad wildlife sanctuary and Anshi-Dandeli tiger reserve in Karnataka. Looking beyond the issue of carving out space for the big cat in Goa, environmentalists see a beneficial cascading effect for the region.After Ramesh wrote to Kamat, national board for wildlife (NBWL) member and conservationist, Prerna Singh Bindra also followed up with a request to the then chief minister to consider the merit of the proposal.\"Mhadei is the catchment area of Goa's lifeline, with important rivers such as Malaprabha, Pandhari, Bailnadi, Tillari and making it a tiger reserve will help consolidate the habitat and address the water security issues of Goa for posterity,\" Bindra told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368410", "title": "MDLR Airlines managed to fly for barely two years", "text": "NEW DELHI: MDLR Airlines, whose ex-director committed suicide here on Sunday and blamed company owner-cum-Haryana minister Gopal Kanda for ending her life, had a short-lived and tumultuous existence. It started operations in March 2007 as a regional airline based in north India. The airline had a twin class cabin with both business and economy seats and boasted of a luxurious all-vegetarian meal service on board.But despite all the hype, the airline barely survived for two years. Failure to pay aircraft leasers, employees and airports; violation of licence terms and absence of safety mechanism made it among the first airlines in India to be shut down till such time that it could put its house in order. Something that hasn't happened so far.Owned by Sirsa-based Murli Dhar Lakh Ram Group, MDLR first ran into trouble by violating the rules of a regional airline that can only use its licence to link the major metro in north, east and west India to other smaller towns in the same region, except south where a regional airline which can fly from Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. The airline operated a Delhi-Ranchi-Kolkata flight, thereby linking the metros of north and east India against rules for a regional carrier.Then it failed to pay the lease rentals of the three Avro RJ70 taken from UK-based British Aerospace Systems (BAE). In 2008, BAE asked the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to deregister its aircraft from MDLR name due to non-payment. \"The airline started off well but could not sustain itself. By the time I left DGCA, it had just one operational aircraft,\" said former DGCA Kanu Gohain in whose tenure the airline started operations.\"Soon after taking over as DGCA, Nasim Zaidi (who retired as aviation secretary last month) found that MDLR did not have a proper operating manual, dispatch section and lacked manpower to sustain operations. He asked MDLR and another airline in similar condition (south-based Paramount) to immediately shut shop in 2009 and asked them to restart operations only when they meet all regulatory and safety norms,\" said sources.Later MDLR tried to restart operations by tying up with the Singapore-based partner of a construction firm who was supposed to invest about Rs 500 crore to revive the airline. However, this did not happen and a team of aviation professionals hired to restart the airline left within two months of being hired in mid-2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15367680", "title": "Senior bureaucrat re-employed", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Additional secretary of general administration department, Harsh Brahmbhatt, who retired on July 31, was on Saturday re-employed for another year, scotching wild rumours in the bureaucracy that suggested he might be dumped. Considered in the babudom as one of the most powerful bureaucrats, Brahmbhatt handles all crucial personnel issues of IAS and other class I officials, including their transfers and postings.\"Brahmbhatt will continue working for a year in the same post, additional secretary, in the chief minister's office,\" a senior official said, adding, \"His duties will remain same as before.\"Apart from handling the babudom's personnel issues, including inquiry cases, Brahmbhatt also handles some of the most crucial court cases involving the Gujarat government, including the one involving the jurisdiction over the appointment of the lokayukta.Brahmhatt is also known as an important Gujarati poet and has several poetry books to his credit. His re-employment comes as Narendra Modi was convinced that there was nobody else of his calibre, capable of handling so many issues simultaneously with such a thorough command of government rules and regulations.Brahmbhatt, it is reliably learnt, had pleaded with Modi not to re-employ him, as he had wanted to pursue his literary career. Brahmbhatt, many had thought, would be given a one-year extension instead of being re-employed.The extension would have led, said a senior Sachivalaya official, to his promotion as special secretary, with the right to draw a higher pension on retirement. \"Had he been given an extension, Sachivalaya-cadre officials would have gone to court challenging the government's decision,\" a senior official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367826", "title": "5 held for abetting suicide of siblings", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five usurers were arrested on Sunday for allegedly abetting the suicide of two brothers at Avinashi in Tirupur district.The arrested have been identified as A L Subramaniam (34) of Annur, N Kannan (31) of Annur, P Sivakumar (29) of Rakkiyapalayam in Tirupur, C Natarajan (44) of Ramanathapuram in Coimbatore and P Manohar (48) from Tirupur.Police said the accused had loaned lakhs of rupees to P Senthilkumar (34) and his younger brother P Elangovan (32) of Kamaraj Nagar in Avinashi. The brothers were found hanging in their bedrooms at their house on July 16. Initially, the police claimed that the brothers committed suicide as they could not repay Rs 6 lakh borrowed from various usurers to meet the cost of treatment of their father Palanisamy who passed away six years ago.But Tirupur SP Asra Garg ordered a detailed probe into the case. A police team had recovered a diary from the brothers' residence and found that some of the usurers had tortured them mentally, prompting them to take the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368203", "title": "Rickshaw puller held with 655 stolen jeans", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rickshaw puller was arrested in central Delhi allegedly with stolen denims worth Rs 3.5 lakh, police said on Sunday. The accused has been identified as Amir (22) and readymade 655 denims worth around Rs 3.5 lakh was recovered.\"The arrest was made on Saturday following a tip off that a person who stole garments would come to Paharganj market to sell them,\" Devesh Srivastava, additional commissioner of police (Central), said.Police recovered 15 denims from him when he was arrested. The remaining stolen goods were recovered from his house.\"As and when goods were transported in his rickshaw, he used to pilferage goods from the consignment. However, he was not satisfied with the money he earned from such petty crime. So he decided to misappropriate the entire consignment of garments. On August 3, he loaded his rickshaw with denims from a godown in Gandhi Nagar and did not deliver it. A case had already been registered in this regard,\" Devesh Srivastava said.Amir was married four months ago and to fulfill his family requirements, he wanted to earn more money, the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374109", "title": "A scandalous debut for Ruchika", "text": "Bangalore-based Ruchika is all set to play one of the leads in Sel, directed by debutant GK, an associate of K S Adhiyaman.A source says, \"The film, to be shot in Fiji Islands , is a thriller, and will be a take on the several scams and scandals that have rocked the nation. It's a multi-starrer, and will feature several newcomers. Mithra Kurien plays the protagonist and the unit is in talks with Sarath Kumar and Suresh Gopi to play a cop.\"Ruchika, meanwhile, is thrilled to be part of the film.\"She plays an It girl, someone who has a modern outlook towards life,\" the source states, \"The title has several meanings - to go, prison, a cell phone and DNA to name few.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373598", "title": "Sunil, Naga Chaitanya\u2019s Vettai remake goes on floors", "text": "The much awaited Sunil and Naga Chaitanya-starrer new film, a remake of Vettai, started its first schedule of shoot from today in Hyderabad. Director Kishore Kumar Pardasani (Dolly) started shooting action sequences on the film's lead cast at Aluminum factory near Gacchi Bowli.Sunil will be seen as an introvert cop (originally enacted by Madhavan ), while his younger brother Naga Chaitanya (Arya's role) will play an aggressive and jobless lad. The unusual combo venture of Naga Chaitanya and Sunil has already generated curiosity amongst the film buffs.Hansika is paired up opposite Naga Chaitanya while Andrea Jeremiah would be playing Sunil's love interest. Bellamkonda Suresh is producing the film under Sai Ganesh Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369327", "title": "Biker skids, car runs over him in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 21-year-old radiography student died in an accident near Silk Board Junction on Saturday.Lyju John, a native of Kerala, was riding a motorcycle with his friend towards the elevated highway, when their two-wheeler skid near Rupena Agrahara Main Road.The bike was near the median. Lyju was thrown on to the lane on the other side where a car coming in the opposite direction ran over him. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he succumbed to his injuries later in the night.Priest killed as cars collideIn the second accident, a priest was killed after the car he was driving collided with another car near BEL Circle, Outer Ring Road, on Saturday.SV Satyanarayan Shastry, head priest at Ganapathi temple in Malleswaram, had gone to conduct a puja at a devotee's house in Vidyarayanapura. While going back to his Malleswaram residence, an Alto car belonging to Somashekar, a BEL employee, rammed Satyanarayan's Maruti Omni from the side. He suffered serious injuries and was rushed to MS Ramaiah Hospital where he died during treatment.Satyanarayan's driver Srikanth and Somashekar too suffered injuries and are undergoing treatment.Joyride ends in deathA 20-year-old's fun ride on NICE Road ended in tragedy.Mahesh, a PU dropout, left his residence in Muneshwaranagar, near Hosakerehalli, on Saturday morning with his friend Kiran Kumar for a ride.Around 5.30pm, Mahesh lost control of his bike and skid into a storm water drain. While attempting to get out of there, his head banged against a tree. He was rushed to a hospital but was declared brought dead.Police officers said Mahesh was not wearing helmet. \"It was raining heavily in the area at the time when the accident took place,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367665", "title": "Pune blasts: Indian Mujahideen imprint worries Gujarat police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Do August 1 blasts in Pune signal the start of a new chapter in the terrorist activities of Indian Mujahideen? Police officials in Gujarat believe so. An offshoot of former Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), IM involvement is suspected in most blast cases after 2008, including 2010 German Bakery blast in Pune.Security agencies, involved in the investigation, believe that it is the new cadre of IM at work, as evident by the modus operandi employed. Gujarat anti-terrorists squad (ATS) and Ahmedabad crime branch officials have teamed up with National Investigation Agency (NIA) and Maharashtra ATS for the investigations.On evening of August 1, four blasts triggered by improvised explosive devices (IEDs) rattled Pune's bustling Jangli Maharaj (JM) Road in less than an hour's time. Police also managed to diffuse a crude bomb.The Gujarat police are looking into several similarities between the 2008 serial blasts of Ahmedabad and the one that took place in Pune. \"IM imprint is strong in use of ammonium nitrate and fuel oil, along with printed circuit and detonators. The IEDs that were found in Ahmedabad were made in a similar fashion. Such bombs were also found in Lucknow, Faizabad, Varanasi, Jaipur and Hyderabad,\" said a city police official. \"There are other similarities too - evening was the chosen time to trigger blasts, bombs were planted on bicycles, bustling market places were targeted, and more than one blasts were triggered to confuse police and people,\"Gujarat police officials are now worried because the state has always figured high on the terrorists' hit list. \"Specially since we have cracked the serial blasts of 2008 and have arrested many IM operatives delivering a major blow. Now, It is time to collect intelligence to prevent any future attacks. As seen in the past, it is not necessary that local youths will be roped in for such operations. Terror operatives from outside the state can also carry out such operations,\" said the official.Deputy commissioner of police (crime), Ahmedabad, Himanshu Shukla, told TOI that a crime branch team has already visited Pune and is in touch with various agencies. \"It is too early to name any group as perpetrator but IM has similar traits. While some of the 2008 serial blasts accused are questioned in connection with the latest attack, we have been also looking at all the alerts we have received after 2008,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369778", "title": "BTech in humanities opens up range of career opportunities for students", "text": "NEW DELHI: The meta-course , BTech in humanities , will be offered by Delhi University from the current academic session. The course, under the 'design your own degree' concept to be implemented by the Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC), opens up a range of career opportunities for students . Also, students aspiring to apply for the course have more time in hand as the university has extended the date of submitting applications to August 17 and the date for the entrance exam to August 26.According to university officials, as the course is open to students who are already pursuing a regular course in DU, the dates have been extended in order to keep admission open to students from School of Open Learning (SOL) and Non-Collegiate programme as well.The course, spreading over eight semesters, will offer students five different streams \u2014 journalism, education , counselling, historical tourism, and art and design. Once they make the choice, mentors dedicated to each student will help them select the appropriate papers in-sync with the chosen stream.In terms of career avenues, MM Chaturvedi, programme coordinator of CIC, informs that more than 400 applications have been received for a total of 40 seats. All the five streams on offer have a growing demand in the respective industries. \"Each stream offers enough flexibility to students to opt for jobs in varied sectors. The module of the course is designed in a manner that students will not have to wait till the end of the fourth year to get a job. We will be integrating innovation projects, which will involve working hands-on with the industry segments from the first year itself. This will automatically ensure job options to students. Besides, all the streams focus on professional courses , thus offering a range of career options,\" says Chaturvedi.While the classes for the first and the last semester will be held at CIC, students will have to opt for different colleges for the other semesters where they will be attending classes for two semesters in each college.However, faculty members of colleges as well as students applying for the course have been sceptical on switching colleges, which involve credits for extra-curricular activities as well. To which, he explains , \"We are working out a way so that students do not have to go far, but hop from one college to another in the same location. Also, we are drawing up a list of mentors from different sectors \u2014 academics, industry and universities across states to guide students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368632", "title": "'Hiroshima did not affect INA's morale'", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was on August 6, 1945 that 393rd Bombardment Squadron of the US operating B-29 Enola Gay, piloted by Colonel Paul W Tibbets dropped the atom bomb 'Little Boy' on the Japanese town of Hiroshima, resulting in the death of some 70,000 - 80,000 people and changing the course of the modern world history. However, the event could not dent the morale of the officers and jawans of the Azad Hind Fauj, and on the contrary, it made them more resilient to take on the British and the Allied Forces.Recalling the turbulent war days, Azad Hind Fauj's Lieutenant Sudhindra Kumar Bardhan, said, \"On August 6, 1945, a major portion of the Azad Hind Fauj was retreating from Moirang (located in Manipur), when we got the news that the Japanese town of Hiroshima, which was of strategic and economic significance has been reduced to massive graveyard. And incident of this nature is bound to affect the morale of any army, which was advancing into its enemy territory.\"The release at 08:15 (Hiroshima time) went as planned, and 'Little Boy', a gun-type fission weapon weighing about 64 kg of Uranium-235, took 43 seconds to fall from the aircraft flying at 31,060 feet (9,470 m). The collateral damage (caused by Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings) forced the Japanese to lay down arms during the World War II and also shattered their morale to a great extent.Throwing more light into the day's development that took place almost 67 years ago, Bardhan, said, \"The Japanese Army approached us and tried their best to convince Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose to lay down their arms, but Netaji was of the firm opinion that not even a single member of the INA would lay down their arms before the British, instead they happily embrace death.\"Subsequently, after the Nagasaki bombing, which took place on August 9, 1945, Japan was virtually destroyed, and Azad Hind Fauj was retreating towards Singapore.\"During his conversation with the Japanese Army officials, who were insisting on laying down of arms, Netaji told them that the Azad Hind Fauj appreciates their concern, but instead of laying down arms, the men and women of AHF would prefer to shift their base to another place. Consequently, we shifted ourselves to Singapore ,\" Bardhan said.During the shifting of the base, Netaji also issued clear cut orders that until the last soldier of the Rani of Jhansi of Regiment is shifted to Rangoon , he would not leave them, said Bardhan, who later settled in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367824", "title": "A 'yagna' to please the rain gods", "text": "COIMBATORE: Taking cue from the neighbhouring state of Karnataka, two state ministers, minister for public works, KV Ramalingam and revenue minister, Thoppu ND Venkatachalam participated in a yagna on Sunday in Bhavanisagar dam in Erode district, to appease the water God, Varuna, to bestow his blessings on the state.The ministers were seated with a group of about 15 priests, who invoked the name of Lord Varuna about 50,000 times. Leaving the venue content, they hoped that the parched agrarian areas will soon be drenched in rain.\"As per the orders of the chief minister, we have conducted the yagna and prayed for rains to come at the earliest,\" said Ramalingam.The priests who performed the ceremony claimed that the ritual is called 'Varunamoolamanthra Japa Yaagam' and it requires the incantation of Lord Varuna's name one lakh times. The total expenditure to perform the ritual is estimated to be around Rs50,000.\"The yagna was conducted in two rounds. On Saturday evening we chanted the mantra about 50,000 times and it lasted from around 6pm to 10 pm. On Sunday we again repeated the ritual another 50,000 times in which the ministers participated,\" said B Gurumoorthy Gurukkal, a priest who participated in the ritual.The arrangements for the yagna began at around 4am, claimed the priests. It lasted till 11am. A large number of government officials and elected representatives including Erode mayor participated in the yagna. Local farmers and agrarian leaders were part of the ritual. Hundreds of people had gathered at the Bhavanisagar dam to witness the ritual.Bhavanisagar reservoir is the source of water for irrigation for over 2.5 lakh acres of agricultural land in Erode, Tirupur and Karur districts. The water level has been plummeting and is now at 31-feet due to the delay in arrival of rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372515", "title": "I felt very glamorous: Shenaz Treasurywala", "text": "Shenaz Treasurywala, who is shooting for a film in the city, is enjoying the art of balancing living between Mumbai and New York. While Mumbai is home, the actress does not mind exploring other cities for work and is currently kicked about doing the American show 'One Life to Live' in New York.The actress says, \"ABC studios is in New York. I felt very glamorous rubbing shoulders with people like Whoopi Goldberg who shot for my show. I was with Jennifer Aniston in the elevator (in my studio); Lady Gaga was in our building too, though I couldn't get a glimpse of her.\"She has shot 60 episodes of 'One Life To Live'. \"It's been a very exciting time. The world is a small place these days and in 18 hours I'm able to be on the other side of the globe. Flying to New York takes as much time as going on a bus to Goa. I'm used to the travel! It exhilarates me. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15370471", "title": "Bafna wins third leg of JKNKC", "text": "COIMBATORE: Mumbai lad Ameya Bafna dominated from start to finish in the senior max category to clinch the third leg of the JK Tyre Rotax Max National Karting Championship at the Kari Motor Speedway, on Sunday. He also pocketed Rs 10,000 as prize money.Team Rayo Racing's Bafna, who clocked 16 minute 41.89 seconds, never looked threatened by teammate Raj Ganatra and Chittesh Mandody of Team Mohites Racing, who finished second after starting the race from the 12th position.Mandody, who had won the last leg of the tournament in Hyderabad, seemed like a man on a mission overtaking other drivers at the rate of knots.However, Vishnu Prasad (Team Meco Racing), who showed promise in the heats and pre-finals, had to retire following an engine glitch.Bafna 'paced himself well' and did enjoy the rewards. \"It has been a very good weekend for me and the team. I paced myself very well throughout the weekend and barring Heat 1 in which I lost out to Chittesh by a very small margin, I did well. With the championship still open, I hope to continue the good form and perform as well in the remaining two rounds,\" an elated Bafna said after finishing the 25-lap race.In the Micro Max class, Pradyumn Danigod (Team Mohites Racing) put in a stellar display in the pre-final and final to claim the top spot. Keeping him company at the top was 11-year-old Baroda girl Mira Erda of Team Maini Racing. Mira displayed her driving style in the final to record the best lap time at 45.22 seconds.Meanwhile, the most thrilling performances came in the junior max section as Kush Maini, despite having problems with the battery in the pre-finals and starting the 22-lap final from 11th place, finished a commendable second after Krishnaraj Mahadik of Team Mohites. Team Rayo's Arya Gandhi came third. Kush averaged 99.3 km/h in the final with the best lap time of 39.34 seconds.Team Mohites with a double win took home the 'Best Team' award in the micro max and junior max sections, while Team Rayo took the award in the senior max class. The fourth leg of the championship will be held at Hyderabad on August 18-19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367809", "title": "No takers for tracking device in sonography machine in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Installation of silent observers or 'active tracking device' in sonography to keep a track of illegal sex-determination tests is yet to find takers in the state capital. Although Indore and Gwalior districts of Madhya Pradesh have installed such devices, health authorities suggest that it is only a pilot project. Citing a court ruling, the Indian Radiological And Imaging Association (IRIA) says such installations is a violation of privacy laws.\"The silent observers in ultra-sound machines have been commissioned on a trial basis. Once their effectiveness is known, a state-level advisory committee of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act would decide on its state-wide implementation,\" director health services and in-charge PCPNDT act Dr Ashok Sharma told TOI.According to the 2011 Census, the sex ratio in Madhya Pradesh stands at 892 girls per 1,000 boys.The installation of GPS-enabled 'active tracking device' in ultrasound machines in clinics is meant keep a track on illegal sex-determination. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan launched the scheme in Gwalior last month and the Indore district administration has also sent a proposal to the state government in this regard, sources said.Opposing the installation of these devices, IRIA national vice-chairman and president, Bhopal chapter, Dr Shailesh Lunawat said, \"Similar devices were removed in Kolhapur following Bombay High court judgment in February, this year. The IRIA had approached the court suggesting these devices violated the privacy and human rights of patients.\"IRIA estimates that only 5% of all sonography tests are pregnancy related. \"In the present scenario, sensitive data could be accessed by non-medico officers too,\" he added.\"We would meet the chief minister in this regard and if the issue is not sorted, IRIA would approach the courts for intervention,\" said Dr Lunawat.There are about 220 sonography machines were registered in Bhopal. The district health authorities are likely to discuss on installing silent observers at the meeting of PCPNDT advisory board, headed by district collector, on August 9.If the tracking device is installed the administration can monitor the activities of these centres the moment USG (ultrasonography) machines are switched on as the GPS-enabled device starts transmitting necessary information, including video recording.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369567", "title": "ATM guard attacked as cops patrol", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sudhir Kumar, 35, a security guard posted at an ATM kiosk, was attacked when the UT police force was on roads for special checking on Saturday night, ahead of Independence Day.The incident took place outside the ATM of Union Bank of India in Sector 7 around 2am. Sudhir was attacked with a sharp-edged weapon, following which the assailant escaped. The injured guard said he was attacked when an unidentified person who was behaving suspiciously tried to enter the kiosk but was stopped.Police said robbery could not be ruled out as the motive behind the attack. A case has been registered. Senior police officials were on patrolling duty from 11pm to 4am on Saturday night.In another incident, a police party led by DSP Ashish Kapoor rushed to Kaimbwala on Saturday night, when cops got a phone call about firing. On reaching there they found out that a dispute between two parties had led to the firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15369543", "title": "Teenage girl burnt to death for resisting rape attempt", "text": "KANPUR: In a shocking incident, a teenage girl in Unnao district was reportedly burnt to death after she resisted a rape attempt on late Saturday night. The victim, Rubina (name changed) died while on her way to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.\"On late Saturday night, the victim, a resident of Naseerpur village was sleeping along with her sister and mother in her house, when her neighbour Waseeq barged into the house and tried to rape her. When she raised an alarm, the accused threw a burning lamp on her and escaped.The girl sustained serious burn wounds and was rushed to a nearby Community Health Centre. After her condition deteriorated, the doctors referred her to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital, but she died on her way to hospital,\" said a senior police official. She sustained over 70 percent burns, he said further.The police later sent the body for post-mortem examination.\"The girl offered resistance and also shouted for help. Apparently, frustrated over his failure, the accused in a fit of rage poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze before escaping,\" an investigating official told TOI.Family members and neighbours later doused the flame. But she had suffered serious burn injuries by then. The girl, according to police, was fed up of the harassment by Waseeq, also a resident of Naseerpur, who teased and stalked her on a regular basis. The accused, Waseeq, son of Rasheed is yet to be arrested by the police. A case has been registered by the Kotwali police on Sunday.Several police teams have been formed to nab the accused, circle officer, Safipur, DD Chaturvedi said. \"A case under Sections 376, 326, 442, 324 of IPC has been registered against the accused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15370019", "title": "Bhangra, Punjabi cuisine at US mega wedding", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The big fat Indian wedding in US, which will be attended by the who's who in Punjab politics, promises to beat even the Bollywood flicks. The sprawling 30-acre ranch in Wisconsin, USA, will play host to the political bigwigs of both America and India, even as guests are treated to Punjabi delicacies and bhangra.Guests to the high profile wedding, which includes Punjab chief minister P S Badal, Speaker CS Atwal, several Cabinet ministers, former Union minister Balwant Singh Ramoowalia can expect to witness a lavish extravaganza on Darshan Singh Dhaliwal's ranch in Mequon, near Chicago.Dhaliwal, who owns several hundred gas stations in the US, rubs shoulders with top politicians in the US, and hosted former US president Bill Clinton at the same ranch which is now the venue of his daughter's wedding.The bride, Tina Kaur, a psychologist, will tie the knot with her American beau, Joshua, at the wedding which will be performed as per Punjabi tradition. The celebrations for the wedding scheduled for August 11 will begin on August 6 itself with a three-day Akhand Path organized at the expansive six-bedroom bungalow of the family.Religious gurus like Baba Kashmira Singh and Baba Ram Pal Singh are flying to US to bless the couple at the bhog of the Akhand Path on August 8.Elaborate arrangements have been made for the guests to stay in the upmarket hotels in Mequon. Guests will be treated to a lavish feast of Punjabi butter chicken, Amritsari channe kulche, makki ki roti and saag along with continental, mughlai and Italian spread.After an Anand Karaj in the morning, the Dhaliwals will give a send-off to their daughter at a reception party on August 11 which will see a full Punjabi cultural extravaganza. Gurdas Mann, a legend in his own right, will mingle with the guests along with contemporary singers Daler Mehndi and Harbhajan Mann.Guests from Punjab are also taking expensive gifts, showcasing their native heritage, for the newly-weds. While most of the guests have opted for gold and diamond jewellery in traditional designs, ivory statues, too, are among the gifts bought for the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373639", "title": "Govind Nihalani to make \"Ardh Satya 2\"", "text": "Almost after three decades, veteran filmmaker Govind Nihalani is all set to make a sequel of his 1983 hit cop drama \"Ardh Satya\".The highly acclaimed film had Om Puri, Amrish Puri, Smita Patil , Naseeruddin Shah , and Sadashiv Amrapurkar in the lead. The movie followed the story of a policeman, played by Om Puri, struggling with the evils around him and with his own frailties.\"We are working on the sequel of 'Ardh Satya'. Producer Manmohan Shetty has been really keen to make a sequel. We were toying with this idea since long time. Finally we have decided to go ahead with it,\" Nihalani told PTI.\"The story will move ahead as the original story ended with cop (Om Puri) behind the bars. So we explore what happens when he comes out of jail as an old man after serving his sentence for killing the goon Rama Shetty,\" he said.\"Ardh Satya\" considered to be one of the best cop films made in India, had won many awards and it went on to become a landmark project in the history of cinema.\"We thought of it to call 'Ardh Satya 2'. We are still working on the script and hopefully by the end of this year or early next year we will go on floors,\" the 71-year-old said.At a time when cop dramas like \"Dabangg\", \"Singham\" are doing well at the box office, this seems to be the right time for the sequel.Ask the filmmaker about the same and he says, \"We are not cashing in on anything. The idea of a sequel was thought of long back. Its just that things have finalized now. The sequel will be very much different from the kind of cop dramas that we have seen recently.\"\" Ardh Satya 2 will be a contemporary cop film not a remake of any South movie. Ours is a fresh story,\" Nihalani said.The makers have not yet finalised the star cast for the sequel, but they hope to retain veteran actor Om Puri.\"We would love to have Om Puri in the film. His character in the sequel will be of an older man. Apart from this, we have not thought of the main star cast yet,\" Nihalani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367645", "title": "Jindal to redevelop Morena House?", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after his plans to sell Morena House fell through, steel magnate Sajjan Jindal is learnt to be planning to redevelop the 1,623-sqm bungalow on Carmichael Road on his own.The industrialist is already interacting with well-known architects on the nitty-gritties of constructing a luxury residential building on the plot.A Jindal spokesperson refused to comment. However, experts close to Jindal confirmed the development and said the industrialist was in the process of setting up a real estate division to develop his property. The division will then handle sale of the apartments. Morena House has a development potential of approximately 50,000 sq ft.\"While the move does not necessarily mean that Jindal will enter the realty sector, the division will help in redevelopment of Morena House as well as Maheshwari House,\" an expert said. (See box)According to real estate experts, Jindal got thinking of redeveloping the property as he was not receiving good offers for Morena House. \"Most offers were below Rs 300 crore, far less than the Rs 320 crore quoted by Ajay Mittal of Arshiya International in August 2011,\" said the expert. However, three months later, in December, after giving it a second thought, Mittal called off the deal for the one-storey bungalow. He apparently thought the property was overpriced compared to market rate.Sources said no good offers came for Morena House due to its location, where building heights have to be kept in resonance with the neighbourhood. \"One can construct up to 75 ft, or say six floors. The advantages of constructing a building on an uphill slope is therefore limited,\" said a property broker.Rs 200-crore deal at Nepean Sea RoadLast week, Jindal inked a deal to acquire Maheshwari House, a sea-facing three-storey bungalow on Nepean Sea Road. He has bought the property for nearly Rs 200 crore from Manoj Maheshwari, who had stalled the transaction, involving the latter's family members as sellers. Last year, Jindal had paid Rs 300 crore to Maheshwari's family members as part of the over Rs 500-crore transaction, making it one of the most expensive residential property deals in the country. Maheshwari's consent involves a go-ahead for transfer of the neighbouring five-storey Maheshwari Mansion on the same plot. It will be redeveloped jointly by Jindal and Orbit Group. The two structures are spread over more than an acre. Rates in this locality hover around 85,000 a sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15369367", "title": "Cannon balls decorate this Kodagu house yard", "text": "MADIKERI: A rare slice of history can be seen in this Kodagu estate house located in the range of Tadiandamol peak near Kakkabbe. Cannon balls, which presumably date back to Portuguese, are seen adorning the front yard of this 120-year-old house.Kakkabbe is famous for its historical fort 'Nalaknad', which once housed the last king of Kodagu, Chikkaveera Raja. But very few are aware that the last diwan of Chikkaveera Raja, Diwan Bopu, has also built a house in the serene atmosphere, surrounded by mountains and lush green forests.Apparanda Prasad Kushalappa, who is running a homestay in the estate house here under the name 'Palace Estate', is the fifth generation of Diwan Bopu. Bopu's son Mandanna was the assistant commissioner of Kodagu during British regime during 1889.According to Prasad Kushalappa, his mother Jaji and wife Vinci, the cannon balls that were discovered in their estate weigh about 8 kilos each. It has iron content as is evident in the rust. Prasad said the Portuguese, who were active in neighboring state Kerala, might have dumped them there. Kerala is about 20kms on the other side of the Tadiandamol, the highest peak in the district.Prasad said earlier some sportspersons were interested in these cannonballs and have taken them for shot-put practice. Speaking to TOI, retd Air Marshal Nanda Cariappa said these cannon balls were made out of solid metals and were used to break the enemy barricades. He said Portuguese movement in Kodagu, especially in Kerala border, could not be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15368130", "title": "Tales from the azure... next door", "text": "Goa's southernmost neighbour, Karnataka's northernmost district, is a delight of falls, rapids, and tranquil islands in the Arabian SeaHop over from Goa's southernmost taluka of Canacona and you will find yourself in Karnataka's coastal district of Karwar. Don't let the cluttered townships that come up first deter you. The magnificent scenery hiding in the virgin corners of Karwar once famously inspired India's first nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore to pen one of his well-known works, Prakritir Prastishoota (Nature's Revenge).Though driving from Goa to Karwar is the easiest access to your weekend holiday, for those with a little more time at hand, a better route is via Hubli. Beautiful hills, valleys and surprise glimpses of wild animals make it a thrilling drive to Karwar, that once had an English settlement from 1638-1752, until the Portuguese took over. The town was destroyed in 1801.Five kilometres from the main town, one stands witness to the Arabian Sea kissing the shores of Karwar's pride-the Binaga and Agra beaches. Further away-about 11km from the town-are the Oyster Rocks, where beautiful waters are sporadically scattered with tiny, placid islands.If you're feeling particularly adventurous, drive 60km from Karwar to arrive at the deserted township of Yana known for its rock formations. Yana is a popular rock climbing haunt, set in the midst of lush green forests. It has unique rock formations and a tiny shrine of Shiva on a hill is an attraction. A perennial stream bathes the Shiva lingam continuously.A 5km trek from Heggarne, a dreamy hamlet in Karwar district, brings you to the picturesque Unchalli Falls. These are also known as the Lushington Falls, named after a former British district collector believed to be the first to chance upon them. Locally, the falls are called Keppa Joga, after the deafening sound they make.Devbagh islandAway from the chaos of the tourist Mecca of Goa, is the privacy and tranquility of Devbagh beach, its shores lapped by the azure Arabian Sea.The idyllic Devbagh offers a host of leisure pursuits apart from swimming and watching the melting sunsets. There are cruises up the River Kali which offer the chance to get acquainted with local customs, folklore and crafts such as sandalwood carvings at Kumta.Devbagh is a mesmerizing experience for all beach lovers. The Karwar Port with its fisherfolk, catamaran rides, boating in the shallow green backwaters of Devbagh lagoon, and the uninhabited islands of Kumaragarh, Anjudeep and Sanyasi, make it an interesting destination.Jeep safaris and nature walks, trekking and camping are the means of introduction to Kali's treasure trove of flora and fauna. The black panther is sometimes seen slinking through the foliage.Bird watching and crocodile spotting are amply rewarding and for those for whom a breakneck speed sets the pace of a good holiday, there is river rafting. For the sports minded, Devbagh has an excellent scuba diving facility, where trained divers believe in fostering awareness of environmental conservation.Murdeshwar, Jog falls76km from Gokarna is the beautiful beachside temple at Murdeshwar, dedicated to Lord Shiva. A large Shiva statue is the major attraction apart from the local beach. The spot often sees Goans thronging for a weekend outing.While on the Murdeshwar route, there's no missing the Jog Falls, one of the two deepest waterfalls in Asia. Just a drive from Murdeshwar, its beauty is at its peak during the monsoon.The second-highest waterfall in India happens when the River Sharavati takes a spectacular plunge from 292km in separate falls. Known as Rani (the rocket) and Raja (the roarer) the falls are located 50km from the coast between Udipi and Karwar. The 50km-long Hirebhasagar Reservoir and the Longanamakki dam control the river flow.DandeliApproach Karwar from a different route and there lies Dandeli, gateway to the 834 sq km Dandeli Game Sanctuary. It is home animals like the barking deer, sloth bear, civet cat, panther and Malabar flying squirrel. Woodpeckers and hornbills are regular sightings.Take in the jungle experience by staying at the Kali Wilderness camp, located on the edge of the Kali River, or at the Bison River resorts. Ride down the Kali River in a coracle, where you can watch crocodiles basking on the banks and water birds nesting, or take a jeep safari or a walk into the forest.The sanctuary is nourished by the ravishing rivers, Kali and Kaneri, and there are also a couple of watch towers offering some magnificent views of the wilderness' offerings.Sykes Point is a scenic spot that offers a fabulous view of the Kali River valley, set within a frame of untamed nature. Syntheri Rock is a 500ft-high single hewn rock, flanked by natural caves and a waterfall at whose base the River Kaneri flows. This picturesque locale at the foot of the fall makes a fine picnic spot.Kavala caves within the Dandeli forest houses a 5ft-high natural Shiva lingam. The caves are situated 25km from the base camp at Dandeli. These ancient caves are a must-see and are said to have been inhabited by humans since pre-historic times. They are revered as the abode of Lord Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368764", "title": "Physicians discuss chest diseases", "text": "NAGPUR: As the new body of Vidarbha chapter of Association of Physicians of India took over, the doctors discussed the various respiratory diseases and their treatments. Not only did they brush up their knowledge about diseases like pneumonia and asthma, they also learnt more about techniques of imaging and mechanical ventilation.Dr A Muruganathan national president of Association of Physicians of India, who was the chief guest, spoke about the role of vitamin D3 in treatment of respiratory disorders. Respiratory diseases being the central theme of discussion among the doctors, renowned chest physician from Mumbai Dr Ashok Mahashur and city pulmonologist Dr Ravindra Sarnaik spoke about their areas of expertise.\"We see a lot of people suffering from respiratory diseases like pneumonia, bronchitis and asthma among others. So, there was a necessity for keeping the physicians updated about them,\" said the newly installed secretary of the association Dr RB Kalamkar.Other than the discussions, some decisions were also made during this installation. \"API Vidarbha will have more of public education related programs this year. Also, we have decided to bid for the annual national conference of API in Nagpur this year,\" said the new president of the association Dr Pradeep Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15369512", "title": "Rainfall increase chances of good kharif crop", "text": "KANPUR: With the rainfall status improving significantly since the first week of August, the agro-meteorologists are hopeful that a drought-like situation would not prevail in the region this year. The agricultural experts are also expecting a good Kharif crop, as August rains are helpful in better growth of Paddy and other cultivated crops of this season.The region had witnessed deficit rainfall in the month of June and July this year. The total average rainfall received by the region in July 2012 is nearly 70.7% deficient of the average expected rainfall. Ironically, the June-2012 was one of the driest months in last two decades.But the arrival of August have raised the hopes of the farmers and agriculturists about Kharif prospects, which were muted in the wake of a long dry spell.The rainfall deficit has come down from 30% to 10% percent in August for Kanpur Mandal.All the cities in the region, Kanpur, Ramabainagar, Kannauj, Etawah and Aurraiya witnessed heavy rains. Anirudh Dubey, agrometeorologist of CSA said hat now the lost moisture is again trapped in the soil and hence the crops like maize, groundnut, bajra, jowar, due to receipt of good rainfall will observe good cultivation.\"The rains have once again allowed the farmers to take up sowing, transplantation operations at a brisk pace. Bunding and Puddling in fields, especially in paddy will save them from heavy loss due to late sowing. Those who will do bunding and puddling in fields, the August rains will also give moisture for 'Rabi' transplantation,\" informed Anirudh Dubey, further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15368095", "title": "Rough sea rampages Palolem beach again", "text": "CANACONA: The protection wall along with steps at Overem-Palolem beach in Canacona was washed away by huge waves and sand erosion on Saturday.Locals demand that the government should take steps to protect the beach from further damage. It is estimated that around one metre of sand at the entrance of Palolem and Colomb beaches at Canacona was washed away by the rains this monsoon. Last year, not only sand, but soil from adjoining land was also washed away into the sea, thereby endangering restaurants, houses and other structures close to the beach, Palolem ward councillor Simon Rebello told TOI.Heavy sand erosion due to strong wind and waves pounding the extreme high end of the beach coast in coastal Canacona has threatened the natural balance in the area and is a cause for concern, Rebello added.Likewise, the roots of a number of casuarina trees were seen exposed at Galgibaga beach, after the rampaging sea destroyed and took huge chunks of sand dunes making the trees vulnerable as far their existence is concerned.Dayanand Pagui, former chairperson of Canacona municipality, said that at Palolem, Patnem, Galgibaga and Agonda, during the last five years, soil erosion had increased and it is evident that nearly 20- 25 per cent of the coastline has been affected. Fisherman, Prahlad Pagui, from Rajbag said soil erosion has adversely effected Olive Ridley turtles who lay their eggs on Canacona beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "how many of us have the courage to follow our passion instead of opting for the safe route of taking up a regular job? through this new column, we will share extraordinary stories of ordinary people who turned their passion into a profession", "code": "15369813", "title": "Follow your passion: Vandit Kalia", "text": "How many of us have the courage to follow our passion instead of opting for the safe route of taking up a regular job? Through this new column, we will share extraordinary stories of ordinary people who turned their passion into a profession:\"In a past life, I used to make a living as a consultant, managing large projects,\" says Vandit Kalia in his blog. In his present life, Kalia is a scuba diving instructor and founder of Dive India in Havelock, Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Life ended, and then restarted when Kalia turned 30 in 2003. \"I was looking to do something different , and fell in love with the Andamans when I went there on a short diving holiday in 2000. The following year, I took time off work and spent six months out of that year diving there. I went back to work but kept thinking about the islands. Finally, I took the plunge and quit the corporate world and started a diving centre,\" he says.Watching new people discover the underwater world \u2014 seeing them with big smiles on their faces when they come back to the surface \u2014 is a thrill that keeps Kalia going. While at heart his passion remains the deep shipwrecks of the North Atlantic, underwater photography, especially of nudibranchs (sea slugs with extraordinary colours and striking forms), gives him the most pleasure these days. But before he got to this, Dive India had a few bumps to wade. \"As the first proper dive centre in the Andamans, it was a challenge convincing the administration that what we were doing was safe. Attracting tourists to the Andamans was a big challenge owing to the limited connectivity, expensive flights and lack of proper facilities.\"But now the scenario has changed and scuba diving has become popular especially among the Indian youth. With it comes challenges; mainly that of the receding marine life. \"Protecting the environment is the biggest challenge. As tourists increase, so does the pressure on the reefs and on the islands. Trash \u2014 especially plastic \u2014 is increasing. Rampant development is starting to destroy the idyllic lifestyle of the islands .\" Besides, as diving becomes popular in India, people have started to think of it as a commodity , he rues. \"The same diving programme can be conducted in very different ways, with respect to safety standards, qualifications of the professional conducting it and overall environmental awareness.\"Does Dive India do anything to protect the seas? \"We don't spout a lot of grandiose 'let's save the world' stuff \u2014 we simply try to do what we can and educate who we can. We teach environmental awareness right from the first certification course \u2014 people are taught about the underwater world, how to best dive in at a zero-impact manner, what some of the threats to the marine world are and what they can do to help. People can do courses on reef awareness, marine conservation or become an underwater naturalist.\"Should interested youth pursue scuba diving as a career? \"Scuba diving is an established sport and the equipment is reliable and the body of diving knowledge is sound. However, first try the sport to see if you like it. Only if you love the sport should you consider making a living out of it.\"What are the skills required? \"Excellent water skills, maturity, professionalism and ability to manage both safety and fun.\" Even a recreational diving experience can leave you enriched in one way or the other. Let's take sharks \u2014 most people that come to dive are afraid of sharks, says Kalia. \"But by the time they complete the course, they have a good awareness of how overrated the threat of sharks is, and how it is humans that are decimating sharks to the tune of tens of millions a year, driving this species almost to extinction. All it takes is one dive with this beautiful, graceful animal for people to lose that fear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369411", "title": "NGO refuses to cremate unclaimed body", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All India Sewa Samiti (AISS), the only registered organization for cremating unclaimed bodies in city, reportedly refused to cremate a dead body on Sunday, citing negligence on the part of police department to register previous eight unclaimed bodies with death &amp; birth wing of UT health department.The organization was contacted for cremating an unclaimed body, which was recovered from Manimajra on July 18 and underwent postmortem on Sunday.All eight bodies cremated during a period of one-and-half year, and are yet to be registered with the health department, were recovered from different areas of East division of Chandigarh Police. The unclaimed body, which was rejected by the organization, also belongs to the same division.The East division comprising four police stations includes PS-19, PS-26, PS-Industrial Area and PS-Manimajra. Madan Lal Vashisht, an official with AISS, said, \"The matter has been taken with sub-divisional police official (SDPO-DSP), East, Jaswant Singh Khaira, more than four times but all in vain. Even senior police officials have been approached in this regard, but nothing concrete came out.\"An RTI query filed by AISS also revealed, \"Eight unclaimed bodies were recovered from the east division and there is no body recovered in the jurisdiction of other two police divisions, including Central and South, which was not registered with birth &amp; death wing of health department.\"When contacted DSP (East) J S Khaira said, \"The matter has been taken with the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of east division and would be sorted out shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368116", "title": "Arun Jaitley tells Rajasthan leaders to put up united face", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley , who arrived in Jaipur on Sunday, held one to one meetings with nearly 40 state leaders including office-bearers and legislators while claiming that the purpose of his visit was to 'strengthen' the state party unit.Though the state leadership shied away from reacting, it was believed that Jaitley was assigned the duty of pacifying the various dissident groups in the state. Jaitley, meanwhile, agreed that he was here to improve the co-ordination within the state BJP. When asked if there was a lack of co-ordination, he said: 'There is always scope for improvement.\"\"The one to one meetings are being held as per party president's directives,\" he said.However, senior leaders including state party in-charge Kaptan Singh, who was the first to meet Jaitley, insisted that the party was gearing up for next year's polls. Sources confirmed almost everybody was asked a feedback on party president Arun Chaturvedi and Leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje.\"Looking at the increasing differences within the party, Jaitley also asked everybody to avoid making controversial statements and keep up a united face,'' said a legislator.\"The meetings are part of our preparations for the 2013 assembly elections and 2014 Lok Sabha polls which we expect can be held before the schedule,\" he said, adding that double incumbency - against state and Centre - would work in Rajasthan. He clarified that he was not the official party in-charge for the state. His visit and statements though have led to speculations over the probability of him being appointed the party in-charge for elections.Commenting on statements about party assigning him challenging tasks, he said, \"It's going to be easy in Rajasthan (as compared to other states).\" Though it was a subtle reference, he did not completely deny the internal differences.Jaitley met nearly 40 party members individually at a private hotel in the state capital. The list of members was not officially divulged but sources claimed that it included legislators who were elected at least four times, office-bearers who were also part of the national executive, office-bearers at divisional headquarters and the core-committee members.Among those who met him were Rajendra Rathore, Digambar Singh, Rao Rajendra Singh, Ghanshyam Tiwari , Gulab Chand Kataria and Satish Punia. Rajya Sabha MP Bhupendra Yadav was also present. The one to one meetings with several members lasted for not more than three minutes and many were unhappy about not being able to talk all that they wanted to. Jaitley is expected to continue with his feedback with other party members including former office-bearers and former legislators in his future trips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369855", "title": "Helpline numbers must on autos", "text": "In a bid to rein in errant drivers and help passengers , the regional transport office has decided to make it compulsory for all autos to display the tollfree helpline number on the rear of the vehicles. Moreover , every auto driver will have to wear his identity card\u2014with his name , badge number and photo\u2014failing which he will be fined Rs 100.\"The tollfree number (1800-22-0110 ) will start appearing on all autos ,\" said a Wadala RTO official . The helpline will either be painted in black on the yellow background of a vehicles or pasted like a sticker . \"During fitness tests, the registration numbers get a fresh coat of paint . We will now insist that the helpline number be put at the back of all autos , so that it is visible to all ,\" said the official . The move , he said , will help \"commuters note down both the registration numbers of vehicles as well as the tollfree number on which they can lodge complaints , if faced with refusals , rude behaviour , flouting of traffic rules , tampered meters and fleecing\" . They can also lodge plaints if drivers do not wear their uniforms and ID cards .The ID cards , which are replacing badges , have been issued to several auto drivers and the RTO is making it compulsory for all drivers to wear them , which bear the drivers' names , badge numbers and photos . To lodge a complaint , a passenger will have to mention an auto's number , place and date of offence , nature of offence and his personal details . The passenger can also mention the driver's name and badge number , which are available on ID cards . \"Since the card is too big , we have laminated them and kept them in the vehicles . We cannot wear this big a card ,\" said a driver . But RTO officials say it is an excuse being used by drivers \"People can mention the name and badge number of a driver who refuses to ply or behave arrogantly . This is why drivers want to avoid wearing their ID-cards ,\" an RTO official said .But commuters welcomed the move . \"Passengers do not remember the helpline though it keeps appearing in newspapers . It will be great to have it on autos ,\" said Shruti Shah , a commuter . \"It will also act as a deterrent to drivers who try to fleece newcomers .\" An IT professional , who has come to Mumbai recently , said it was frustrating being refused a ride by autos outside Goregaon and Malad stations . \"The next time , I will demand for his ID card and note down the tollfree number on the vehicle ,\"hesaid .How to tackle errant driversIf you think you have been cheated by an auto/taxi driver, you can send a written complaint to the Andheri RTO, Four Bungalows, Andheri (W) (for western suburbs) or to Wadala RTO, Wadala Truck Terminal Compound, near IMAX theatre. The complaint should have the auto/taxi's registration number, place and date of offence, nature of offence (rude behaviour, refusal, meter tampering, excess fare) and your personal detailsIt is compulsory for all auto drivers to wear proper uniforms (white for auto owners/khaki for drivers) and badges. They will also be asked to carry their ID cards, from which passengers can easily get their names, registration numbers and badge numbersYou can alternately call 1800-22-0110 , RTO tollfree helpline, and lodge a verbal complaint on the IVRS systemYou can demand to see the tariff card to crosscheck the fare asked by an auto driver. It is mandatory for all drivers to keep such cardsYou can approach a traffic police constable and complain to him on the spotYou can also check the fares after downloading Auto Taxi Meter &amp; Card, a mobile app meant for Android phones. It is free and can be downloaded from Google Play Store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375352", "title": "Women get paid less despite higher education", "text": "More Australian women than men are taking admission at university, but female graduates end up getting paid less when they enter the workforce, a new study has revealed.The salary difference is particularly more glaring at higher levels of qualification, something not seen in many other developed nations.The Australian Centre for Educational Research briefing found that the pay of higher education graduates was more than 50 per cent higher than of workers without a degree.Between 1998 and 2009, Australia was one of a number of countries where females made up more than 50 per cent of new university students.However, the paper found that women with tertiary qualifications in Australia earned about 72 per cent of what men with the same qualifications earned.The gap is huge than in Germany, New Zealand and UK.Dr Daniel Edwards, ACER senior research fellow and co-author of the paper, said that the resultant data was concerning.\"While Australia is not alone on this point, the fact that the discrepancy in earnings between men and women is larger among the more highly qualified cohort is of concern and is not replicated in a number of other countries,\" News.com.au quoted him as saying.The research found that Australia had a large number of university-qualified people, a level reached relatively recently compared with other nations, which have experienced high attainment levels for generations.The research comes as about 400,000 students from 40 universities are surveyed on the core aspects of their university experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15370088", "title": "Cops to crack the whip on parking offenders", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi city traffic police say that motorists in the city are least bothered about parking etiquette.With haphazard parking becoming a routine offence, city police have decided to strictly impose fines to deter offenders.\"Around 60% motorists park their vehicles on the side of busy roads and junctions knowing that they are violating rules. We issue parking tickets and it has become a major revenue generation model with nearly Rs 6,000 collected as fine every day,\" said city traffic (west) assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq.City police have managed to collect a fine amount of Rs 17.43 lakh from major city roads (excluding areas under Edappally Traffic police station) between October 2011 and July 2012 by issuing parking tickets to 11,118 vehicles.Rafeeq said police will act against erring drivers who park their vehicles in no parking zones and other places hindering traffic. \"Haphazard parking of vehicles is seriously a problem in the city.The renovation works of North railway over bridge is going on and city police are trying hard to maintain traffic flow along arterial and main roads of the city. We have decided to impose hefty fines on violators,\" he said.City police decided to strictly implement the parking ticket system for fine collection in October 2011.\"We have introduced a fine system where violators would be charged as per the location and the kind of hindrance they have caused to the public.While the fine amount will be Rs 500 in and around M G Road, it will be between Rs 100 and Rs 200 in other spots,\" the officer said.With the second phase of renovation of North railway over bridge beginning soon, city police have decided to implement no parking stretches on all arterial roads in the city through which the vehicular traffic would be diverted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369422", "title": "8 Students\u2019 Organization of Panjab University leaders held for defacement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police have arrested eight leaders of a Panjab University student organization for defacing public property. They had reportedly pasted party posters in sectors 31 and 32 on Saturday night.These members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) have been booked under the West Bengal Property Defacement Act. \"The accused, who are students of different departments of the university, were arrested near the traffic light-point of sectors 31 and 32 while they were pasting the posters,\" said a police official.They have been identified as Rajat Sharma, Sunil Bhatia, Rajinder Singh (all residents of Sector 45), Lovpreet Singh of Mohali, Bhupinder Singh, Amit Singh (both residents of Sector 46), Gagandeep Singh of Sector 49 and Mandeep Singh of Sector 44.As students' council elections are round the corner, all parties are trying to enhance their visibility by pasting posters at various places.Earlier on June 26, police had booked four students and arrested a student leader of PU for defacing public property. Two PU students were also booked on August 3 for the same offence.According to the West Bengal Property Defacement Act, there is a provision of imprisonment for a term that may extend to six months or fine up to Rs 1,000 or both for the violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15368998", "title": "Pace of growth slow in state: Ex-Dy CM Raghuvar Das", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Former deputy chief minister of the BJP Raghuvar Das has said the pace of development of the Arjun Munda-led coalition government in the state is proportionately slow vis-a-vis to the high expectations of the people.Urging the people to stop expecting miracles from the coalition government, Das said the people of Jharkhand expected too much from the present regime and as a result of which they were feeling \"disappointed\" and \"left out\".\"I agree with a section of the society when they say wheels of progress are moving slowly in the state but the very nature of coalition government is such that the pace of development gets affected,\" said Das. In the same vein, he claimed that the Munda government had carried out several development work successfully.The people should change their mindset of expecting miracles from the alliance governments, otherwise they will always feel dejected and disappointed because of the inherent compulsions of the coalition regimes, said Das, who represents Jamshedpur (East) constituency for consecutive four terms.Das, who was the deputy chief minister in the short-lived government headed by Shibu Soren , said the quest to impose party manifesto by the alliance partners eventually proved detrimental for the speedy progress of the development work of the government.Talking to the reporters here on Sunday, Das said the opposition's space in the state was blank. Asked to explain the reasons behind his observations, he said effective and critical analysis of the welfare schemes and development work of the government by the BJP organization left little space for the opposition to play any significant role.\"The party is as much in government as in the opposition. Hardly do we leave space for the opposition rank and file to pin down the government on critical issues,\" said Das.Das, however, disagreed with a questioner who said some party leaders in the BJP and other parties described the opposition as Munda's \"bunch of confidants\".He said the entire political class was passing through a transition phase in the country and Jharkhand was not untouched by it. Das regretted former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel's exit from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367950", "title": "Four dead as violence re-erupts in Bodoland Territorial Council", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) was limping back to normal after the recent spate of Bodo-Muslim ethnic clashes in the area, fresh trouble erupted in Chirang and Kokrjhar districts, which fall under BTC, on Sunday.Police said four bodies were recovered in the two districts on Sunday, triggering tension in several areas and taking the death toll of the ethnic clashes to 60. While two bodies were found in Kokrajhar, two others were found near River Champabati at Barlawgaon area in Bijni in Chirang.An angry mob on Sunday attacked a passenger bus around 10am at Bortola in Chirang. Some of the passengers sustained injuries. Security forces had to fire in the air to chase away the mob.At least 15 abandoned houses were gutted by miscreants at Chengnala area under Dotma police station in Kokrajhar on Saturday around 7.30pm. The arson took place even as district administrations are sending back relief camp inmates to their respective villages amid tight security and the presence of police pickets. The fresh arson triggered panic among the people, who have barely recovered from the recent violence.Police have apprehended 10 persons in connection with the latest violence in Chirang and Kokrajhar districts on Sunday. Curfew has been clamped for indefinite period in Chirang district after the attack on passenger bus. While six persons were apprehended in connection with the attack on passenger bus at Bortola in Chirang, four were apprehended in connection with the death of two persons in Kokrajhar district. Army, CRPF and police stepped up patrolling in sensitive areas, while night curfews continued in Kokrajhar, Baksa and Dhubri districts. 85 security pickets have been set up in sensitive spots. According to home department, about 40,000 people from 59 relief camps in Kokrajhar and Chirang had already left for their respective villages.Kokrajhar police restricted movement of vehicles from Karigaon to Bongaigaon and Chirang districts to avoid untoward incidents and attacks in vulnerable places. \"We have enhanced the security mechanism in the area after the incident. Though we don't want to share the details, necessary arrangement has been made. The curfew has been extended indefinitely in Chirang,\" Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) IGP SN Singh said.Fresh incidents of violence and recovery of bodies has also renewed fear among the residents. Many have even started heading back to relief camps. The state government had set an August 15 deadline for all camp inmates to return to their homes. Sources said the eruption of fresh violence might throw the smooth rehabilitation of the inmates off track.\"Many villagers who were heading towards their villages as the situation was stable have once again asked the district administration to bring them back to the relief camps. Many have already come back to the camps in fear,\" said an official of Chirang district administration.Some Bodo leaders who did not want to be named suggested that relief camp inmates should be sent back home only after peace committees involving the two communities were formed to build confidence and allay the fear of the people.Meanwhile, three people sustained injuries when an explosive, planted in a radio, blasted near Kalitasupa area of Goreshwar in Baksa district of BTC. The inured were identified as Binaram Deka (60), Dipak Deka (55) and Dhonmoni Kalita (13).\"At around 4.50pm, Binaram Deka, while walking in the area, saw the radio, which had been abandoned on a tree. Then he called the other two, who tried to check what it was, which is when the blast occurred. Though they are wounded, the injuries are not serious,\" said an official of Goreswar police station.In the meantime, official sources said that a delegation of the National Human Rights' Commission (NHRC) is likely to reach Chirang district on Monday.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has constituted group of ministers (GoM) for overseeing and coordinating the relief and rehabilitation measures in the affected districts.BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgayari appealed for peace and communal harmony, saying that no one should not heed to rumour-mongers. All Bodoland Muslim Students' Union (ABMSU) president Sultan Alam also appealed people to restrain from violence and help build a congenial atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369653", "title": "Somashekara Reddy may go as Karnataka Milk Federation chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Bellary MLA B Somashekara Reddy , who is facing the heat of the Anti-Corruption Bureau in the alleged bribe-for-bail case, could see the reins of KMF slipping away from his hands. Reddy was elected chairman of the Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) for the second term in September 2011 and his term is scheduled to end in March 2014.But what's weighing in Reddy's favour is the difficulty involved in removing him as the KMF chief as he has been democratically elected. Also, the example set by B S Yeddyurappa who didn't quit the assembly membership or the party when he was put in jail in an alleged corruption case.Co-operation minister B J Puttaswamy's flip-flop on Sunday was a clear indication of the backstage manoeuvring. In the morning, the minister hinted at Reddy's removal and said the government will take a decision on Tuesday. Three hours later, he withdrew his statement and said it was left to the party high command to decide on such issues.A BJP MLA, Reddy has openly associated himself with the BSR Congress, floated by his friend B Sriramulu. This, along with the possible legal action, has made the other aspirants eye the coveted post. But experts say the removal of Reddy isn't an easy affair, as he is democratically elected from a board of 20 directors of the KMF, including 13 elected representatives from the district milk unions, four ex-officio directors and three official members. The chairman is elected from among the directors. Also, there is no clause in the KMF constitution to move a no-confidence motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "15369160", "title": "Lalu urges people to dislodge Nitish govt", "text": "NAWADA: \"Anachar, durachar, atyachar and balatkar are prevailing in Nitish Kumar regime,\" said RJD chief Lalu Prasad during his two-day 'Parivartan Yatra' in the drought-affected Nawada district. His party colleague and former union minister, Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, added another epithet to Lalu's words saying it was an era of \"anachar, durachar, atyachar, balatkaar and ulta media prachar\" in which the people of Bihar are condemned to live.On the first day of his 'Parivartan Yatra', which started on Saturday afternoon from Balabigha village under Hisua police station, where two villagers had on July 24 received bullet injuries in police firing necessitated by heavy brickbatting by villagers on the police which had arrived to rescue two Mahadalits from being lynched by them suspecting them to be thieves, Lalu charged CM Nitish Kumar with unleashing 'police raj' on hapless citizens. Citing various incidents of unabated police atrocities on helpless citizens, he exhorted the public to dislodge Nitish government in the next elections.At Ansarnagar in Nawada town on Saturday evening, a sizeable crowd of the minority community waved in frenzy when Lalu stated that Nitish was a wolf in sheep's garb as he pretended to be secular by criticizing Narendra Modi but ruled with the help and backing of the RSS-backed BJP. When he asked the crowd whether Nitish's promise of providing electricity and water during Ramzan was fulfilled, the crowd roared their collective disappointment.During his visit to Pakri village under Pakribarma PS on Sunday afternoon while on way to adjoining Sheikhpura district, Lalu was disappointed by the thin crowd, but went on to pick holes in Nitish's rule. He charged Nitish with hogging credit for all the schemes be it roads, MGNREGA, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan or Indira Awaas Yojana, which were actually funded by the Centre due to his efforts.Lalu was accompanied by Ram Kripal Yadav , Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, former Rajya Sabha MP Rajniti Prasad, Jai Prakash Yadav, Ramchandra Purbey, Basavan Bhagat, Vijay Krishna (former Barh MP) and former state minister Raj Ballabh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15367844", "title": "Pregnant banker death: Accused goes \u2018missing\u2019", "text": "NOIDA: Noida police seem to be taking the death of the eight-month pregnant banker, who was killed in a road accident on July 29, very casually. The prime accused in the case, who had been recovering in a Delhi hospital, was taken to his native place without the Noida police getting a clue as no cops were deployed to keep an eye on him. The family of the deceased Anupriya Nagarajan now alleges that cops are trying to hush up the case.The accident took place when Anupriya were travelling on NH-24 with her husband Naveen in their Volkswagen Polo. A Marshall jeep driven by Raju rammed into the car on the passenger's side killing Anupriya. Raju, the prime accused, was taken to LNJPN hospital in Delhi. However, two days later, he was taken from the hospital to Rohtak without the cops being informed. Later, when Noida cops reached there, they found Raju 'missing'.Surprisingly, the investigating officer Parshuram still does not know the name of the hospital in Rohtak where Raju has been shifted. \"I do not know the exact name of the hospital, but we have asked that Raju be produced in the police station there,\" Parshuram told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369541", "title": "MLC urges govt to release guest lecturers' salaries", "text": "MYSORE: JD(S) MLC Marithibbe Gowda, who represents the South Teachers Constituency, on Sunday urged the state government to release the salary of guest lecturers forthwith.\"Higher education minister C T Ravi should intervene immediately and resolve the problem. The guest lecturers serving in government first grade colleges are not given their salaries, he told reporters on Sunday. He also sought change in the selection procedure of guest lecturers.At present, principals of the colleges concerned have the authority to select lecturers. There are chances of misuse of power and the procedure has to be changed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15367736", "title": "Residents move high court over Huda notice", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 28 and 43 have approached the Punjab and Haryana high court over the recent notice issued by the Haryana Urban Development Authority %(Huda) to the plot owners in Sectors 27, 28, 42, 43, 51 and 52, asking them to pay the %enhanced price, between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 26 lakh, for %the plots they were allotted earlier and many already living on them.The notice asked the plot owners to pay the revised price, depending on the size of a plot, or face penal action.Huda had sent demand notices to the plot owners after it lost a compensation case in the high court filed by the villagers whose land was %acquired.K R Babu, a resident of Sector 43, said: \"The plot owners in my sector have approached the Punjab and Haryana high court. The next date of hearing is in August. In the previous hearing, Huda had sought more time from the court.\"The residents are expecting that the high court will reverse the Huda decision in the next hearing.\"Huda has earned from selling plots in the various sectors. Now, if it wants to pay enhanced compensation to the farmers, then it should auction commercial sites which are of high value,\" said Babu.The residents claim the Huda officials are misleading when they say the demand notices are issued because of the court order. The primary petitioner, S K Burman, a resident of Sector 43, said: \"The plot owners were never a party of the legal case between Huda and farmers, pertaining to the compensation in the court. The court, while enhancing the compensation, has not ordered that the money should be recovered from plot owners directly.\"Huda should not pass on the burden of compensation to the plot owners, said Burman. \"Sector 43 has 16 sites for institutions, schools and commercials centres not allotted to anyone. Why can't Huda auction these sites to recover the increased compensation, instead of passing the burden to plot owners?\"\"The residents are forced to approach the court because we have put all our hard-earned money and taken bank loans for construction of houses. Now, no banks will give us additional loan of Rs 20 or Rs 30 lakh now,\" said a resident of Sector 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "dehradun/jammu", "code": "15369789", "title": "Uttarakhand flash floods: Death toll mounts to 34", "text": "DEHRADUN/JAMMU: The ITBP and the local police on Sunday searched the remains of flattened homes for more bodies in rain-hit Uttarakhand where the toll due to relentless downpour reached 34.\"In Uttarkashi alone, 31 people have been killed and six are still missing following heavy rains,\" district magistrate R Rajesh Kumar said. Twenty three workers of the state-run UJVN Ltd's Assi Ganga hydel project, missing following a cloudburst in the upper hills of Uttarkashi district have been declared dead. \"We are now counting these 23 workers in the list of dead people,\" said Kumar.In the past two days, incessant rains battered the hill state resulting in landslides, cloudbursts and flash floods which flattened homes and stranded hundreds of pilgrims with the Char Dham yatra coming to a halt.The Garhwal region was the worst-hit by the natural disaster. Three people were killed in Chamoli district following heavy rains since Saturday. The government has started relief and rescue operations and has sent food packets to the affected. Around 250 families have been moved to safer areas in Uttarkashi and Chamoli.Meanwhile, 24 people trapped in flash floods were rescued safely by the police and Army in Samba, Kathua and Jammu districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369447", "title": "Scarcity of rain triggers viral fever", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Scarcity of rain and the accompanying humidity has led to a spurt in viral fever among city residents. On the flip side, deficient monsoons have dipped the number of bacterial diseases as compared to last year.During July, 200 viral cases were reported in city hospitals as compared to 150 such cases reported last year during this month. The observation is purely based on clinical assessment of the doctors in city-based hospitals and clinics.Typhoid and water-borne diseases like bacterial gastroenteritis were also reported during April and May. \"These continue till July or August, but this time the numbers are less due to scarcity of rains. In some pockets there were gastroenteritis cases also, however overall the numbers have dwindled and have been replaced by viral infections,\" said Dr R S Bedi, president of the Indian Medical Association, Chandigarh.Experts reason rise in temperature as the favourable temperature for proliferation of the viruses and lack of rains for reduction in water-borne diseases. \"These days we are seeing a huge spurt in viral infections especially in infants. Usually, we had been tackling typhoid, hepatitis and gastroenteritis this time of the season,\" said Dr Piyush Mishra, a Panchkula-based physician.Doctors say initial symptoms are high fever with running nose and sore throat. \"We recommend no usage of antibiotics as these medicines have no effect on viral. In fact antibiotics only work on bacterial diseases,\" clarifies Dr Bedi.Last year, there were over 200 cases of typhoid and bacterial gastroenteritis in various city hospitals, which has been a routine every year. \"However scanty rainfall has led to increase in viruses as they breed in high temperature. We are getting patients with high fever which lasts for five to seven days,\" said Dr Vinay Kumar, Mohali-based private practitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15368988", "title": "Sanjay Joshi to visit Ranchi next week", "text": "RANCHI: BJP's former national general secretary (organization) Sanjay Joshi is visiting Ranchi on a two-day visit on August 11. The RSS leader, who was in the news because of strained relations with the Narendra Modi camp in Gujarat, was forced to resign from the party in May following which he has been working as the poll manager for BJP president Nitin Gadkari.Joshi will reach the state capital from New Delhi on August 11. During the day, he will address a seminar on \"effects of foreign direct investment in retail sector\" organized by Ramji Mishra Manohar Media Foundation at Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industries (FJCCI). He is scheduled to meet BJP workers, intellectuals, scientists and industrialists during his stay here. Joshi will meet chief minister Arjun Munda at his residence and visit the state BJP headquarters.The foundation is a trust named after Ramji Mishra Manohar, the editor of an erstwhile Hindi daily Aryavart who died in 1998. Presently headed by K P Jhunjhunwala, the foundation has been organizing seminars and discussions on contemporary issues in Bihar and Jharkhand.Although Joshi is likely to share his experience of political career and expertise as a technocrat, his visit assumes significance in the wake of recent political developments in Gujarat.Known for his exceptional organizational skills, Joshi (50) obtained BTech degree in mechanical engineering from Vishweshvaraiya Government Engineering College, Nagpur and also taught the subject at Datta Meghe Engineering College, Nagpur before joining the BJP-RSS in 1980s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "15369755", "title": "Car falls into Sidhwan, 1 missing", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Friendship Day turned tragic for a group of friends when their car, a Hyundai Verna, fell into Sidhwan Canal near South City on Sunday evening. While four of the youngsters were pulled out of the canal, one was reported missing till the filing of this report.Rajandeep Singh, Jashandeep Singh, Sukhmani Singh, Silky and Inderpreet Kaur were in the car that veered into the boundary wall-less canal around 6.15pm. The damaged vehicle was pulled out of Sidhwan around 9.20pm and Rajandeep was untraceable till then. The absence of any street lights made the rescue operations tough as divers struggled to find the youngster. The five belong to 22-25 age group and are reportedly residents of Model Town Extension.Families of the five told TOI that the friends had gone to attend a marriage function in Phillaur and they decided to drive by the canal while returning. Jashandeep, who was present at the spot till late night, said Sukhmani was driving and it seemed he suddenly lost control of the steering wheel. \"As soon as our car fell into the canal, we tried to get out by opening the doors. For about 30 seconds, we managed to stabilize ourselves but then a sudden gush of water shook the vehicle and we all began drifting in different directions,\" he said.'Villagers saved us, called ambulance'Ludhiana: A car in which five friends were returning from Phillaur fell into Sidhwan Canal late Sunday evening. Of the five, one could not be traced. One of the survivors, Jashandeep, said villagers spotted them and dived into the canal to save them.\"They managed to find four of us. After rescuing us, the villagers informed the police as well called an ambulance,\" he added. Initially, it was believed that all five had been traced and saved. However, after making sense through the chaos, police later stated that there was no clue about Rajandeep.Sources said when Rajandeep fell into the canal, he called one of his friends and told him about the incident. However, his cellphone soon turned unreachable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368144", "title": "MDLR ex-flight attendant's suicide: Haryana minister Gopal Kanda resigns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana minister of state for home, Gopal Goyal Kanda, resigned late on Sunday night after a 23-year-old former air hostess named him in a suicide note before hanging herself at her Ashok Vihar residence in the capital.The victim, Geetika Sharma, who worked in the now-defunct MDLR Airlines owned by Kanda, accused the politician of ruining her life. Geetika had quit the airline before being allegedly brought back by Kanda as director in a subsidiary firm.Sources in the Haryana CM's office said Kanda's resignation will be accepted. The independent MLA from Sirsa, who was also minister of state for urban local bodies, industries and commerce, said he was the victim of a political conspiracy. The police have registered a case of abetment to suicide against Kanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368705", "title": "President Pranab to visit Tamil Nadu in September", "text": "CHENNAI: Pranab Mukherjee's first visit to Tamil Nadu , after his election as President of India, will be to attend the valedictory of the Madras high court's sesquicentennial function to be held next month.\"The function, which is a culmination of the year-long festivities to mark the 150th year of the formation of the high court, is likely to be held on September 8, though the date is yet to be officially announced,\" a senior official told The Times of India. Noting that Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and another senior judge of the high court met the President earlier this week in this regard, he said the Nehru indoor stadium was the most likely venue. \"Judges visited the stadium and they are keen to have the function there,\" an official said.The creative best of the 50-odd judges of the high court would be on display in the souvenir that the higher judiciary is bringing out on the occasion. Judges have given write-ups ranging from essays on the Constitution to Tamil poems. The souvenir, besides messages from top jurists of the country, will have group photographs of the judges of the high court. A special photo session was held after a full court meeting of judges here a couple of weeks ago, said a court official.\"But the sesquicentennial occasion is much bigger than publishing of a souvenir and exchange of momentos,\" said a senior jurist, who pointed out that neither the higher judiciary nor the state government had come out with a mega plan to mark the event. \"Instead of stopping with the proposal to construct an arch at the south gate, they should have joined hands for a project like an auditorium or a digital library or a majestic building. We should have proposed a project matching the structure of the high court in size and significance,\" the jurist said.\"The Madras high court came into existence after Queen Victoria issued a letter of patent on June 26, 1862. The 'year-long' sesquicentennial celebrations started in November 2011 and are to be concluded in September 2012,\" said another jurist.A subordinate judicial officer rued the fact that there was nil-participation by the subordinate judiciary in the celebrations. \"While even Bar leaders were invited to present a shawl or bouquet to judges, we had no role in the celebrations. We hope to play a part at least in the valedictory function,\" said an officer. \"The celebrations committee should accord equal participation to judges of the higher judiciary, subordinate judiciary, court staff and the Bar,\" said a senior advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367681", "title": "More Hyderabad monuments may vie for world heritage tag", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Charminar, Golconda Fort and Qutub Shahi Tombs, two more city monuments, Badeshahi Ashoor Khana and Paigah Tombs, may soon be in the race for Unesco's list of world heritage sites.Officials of Indian National Trust for Art and Culture Heritage (Intach) Hyderabad said they are planning to propose names of the two monuments at the South Zone consultative workshop for revision of the tentative list for potential world heritage sites across the country to be held in Chennai on August 10. Talking about these structures, Intach representatives said, \"Both these places are very unique and in our view deserve to be considered for the world heritage tag. We will definitely push for the inclusion of these sites from the city in the tentative list at the workshop.\"Located near Charminar, Badeshahi Ashoor Khana is popular among archeology experts for its intricate enamel tile work while Paigah Tombs at Santosh Nagar are noted for their stucco work. Both these structures have been in the spotlight for quite some time after activists started organising walks and visits to save heritage sites in the area from being damaged during the metro corridor construction. Including them in the list would ensure their conservation, said Intach officials.The event, which is the fourth in a series of six zonal level workshops, will cover Andhra Pradesh along with Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and will be attended by representatives of state governments, Archeological Survey of India (ASI), heritage conservation experts, NGOs and other professional/institutional bodies from the region. The results will be presented at the South Asia regional workshop in Delhi to be held in October. The final recommendations from the workshops will be used to prepare the revised tentative list for India by the end of the year and the final nominees will be presented before the Unesco panel to be declared as world heritage sites.Apart from these two monuments, officials said they would also propose the inclusion of the Kakatiya monuments in Warangal in the list. Discussions on which other sites could be proposed for inclusion are in progress and Intach representatives said more monuments are likely to be added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15369520", "title": "Mysore's own pak, a piece of royalty that melts", "text": "MYSORE: Break a small piece, put it into your mouth and wait for it to melt... the three simple steps to savouring the world famous 'Mysore Pak'.The sweet dish was first prepared in the royal kitchen of Mysore Palace during the regime of Krishnaraja Wadiyar IV. It stole the hearts of the royals then and continues to be the preferred take-home sweet for every visitor who comes to the heritage city.Shivananda S, owner of a premium sweet store which has been serving the traditional sweet for 90 years, says the royal sweet has not lost its ground though it is almost a century old. People still prefer it the way they used to in the previous decades.The sweet dish is prepared by adding generous amounts of ghee, sugar and gram flour. Many people buy it in large quantities during festivals and functions. But there is no season in the year when Mysore pak is sold any less. The demand remains the same throughout the year.Shishir M, a student, who was seen buying the sweet, said: \"We received guests from Udupi and they wanted to taste the speciality of the city. So I am here buying Mysore pak.\" He got two kg of the sweet packed separately for the guests to take back to Udupi.Sweet shops prepare a variety of Mysore pak including special Mysore pak, butter Mysore and ordinary Mysore pak.Ashish Gupta of Bombay Tiffanys Annex shop on Devaraj Urs Road reveals that most of the time it is North Indians who buy Mysore pak from his shop. The demand increases during Dasara. \"On a normal day, we sell about 50kg of the sweet. But during Dasara it goes up to 70kg. We also have customers who buy the sweet in large quantities and send it to their friends abroad,\" he added.The first sweetThe royal sweet was prepared in the palace kitchen by then cook Kakasura Madappa. Legend has it that the cook prepared a mixture of besan, ghee and sugar to prepare a new kind of sweet. The sweet that emerged delighted the royalty. When asked what it was called, Madappa did not have a name for it, so he simply called it 'Mysore pak'. The name stayed and the sweet became the 'Royal Sweet'. Later, his son Basavanna opened 'Guru Sweets' on Sayyaji Rao Road, which has been serving the authentic Mysore pak for the last nine decades. Shivananda S, who is the fourth generation of the family, says: \"We still follow the same recipe our ancestors followed and use the same ingredients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369196", "title": "Bangalore Microsoft lab draws global interns", "text": "BANGALORE: Humanities student Katherine Sydenham, an American researcher of French origin, was recently introduced to coding, courtesy her stint with Microsoft Research Lab India.The 27-year-old PhD student from University of Michigan , School of Information, is a summer intern at the company's research facility in Bangalore, where over 60 graduate, postgraduate and research students from eight countries are currently doing their internships.\"I am doing an ethnographic study of technology evangelists (for proprietary software and free/open source software) and religious evangelists to look at similarities and differences in the way groups approach. The study will help me find out advocacy efforts put in by groups for their products and/or belief system,\" said Sydenham. She is working on her thesis, 'Technology in developing countries', gathering valuable inputs from the internship course.\"I have a background in religious studies and am interested in how individuals, who do not consider themselves 'tech-savvy' or capable of learning about computers, are included or excluded from conversations about technology, especially software,\" she added.Another 27-year-old PhD student from The University of Austin, department of computer science, Vacha Dave, is working on detecting and defeating click fraud. \"The experience has been great,\" she said.Microsoft Research Lab has 35 researchers and 10 developers who mentor interns on areas like algorithms and modeling, cryptography and complexity, machine learning and optimization, mobility, networks , and systems, multilingual systems, programming languages and tools, security and privacy, technology for emerging markets, vision and media. The lab takes interns for a period of two to six months.\"Getting fresh blood into the system is an integral part of research. We are exposed to new ideas that the interns bring with them,\" said Sriram Rajmani, assistant managing director, Microsoft Research-Bangalore.Often, interns return to the lab again after a short stint to pursue other research interests. Arun Chaganty, who recently completed an undergraduate course in computer engineering from IIT-Madras, is set to complete his third internship stint at the lab in a couple of months. The 22-year-old, who has already got admission to a foreign university, said the three stints have been a great learning experience for him. \"I learnt how to conduct research, and the experience definitely honed my skills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372597", "title": "You can be a Titanic survivor", "text": "Once known only for Walt Disney World, Orlando is now home to shipwreck survivors , wailing mandrakes and forensic analysts.Visitors to Orlando aren't there to shake mitts with the old mouse anymore. According to a June 2012 report in the Orlando Sentinel , last year, Universal Studios's Islands of Adventure alone drew larger crowds than all four Walt Disney World theme parks combined. Magical allure? No trip here is complete now without a visit to these three attractions.RMS Titanic @ 7324 International Drive  Tickets: Adults (US$ 21.95; Rs 1200 approx ), Kids aged 3-11(US$ 12.95; Rs 700 approx)\"I see you've heard about our large pool,\" beams 54-year-old American author and Titanicsurvivor Helen Candee; the purple plume in her hat quivering as she gawks at our shorts. \"Otherwise, in 1912, only one kind of woman would dress like that and...(whispers) one wouldn't speak of her in polite company.\" A gentleman in a striped shirt draws her attention next. \"Have you just been released from prison, sir? (wincing) Nice of you to join us onboard this grand, unsinkable ship.\"As she leads us through the museum that now holds the second largest piece ever recovered from the British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in 1912 after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage, Candee, played by a charismatic actor, draws us into the era with stories about incredible characters like chief engineer, Joseph Bell, who pored over calculations as a matter of practice each night, and who, when informed of the collision (for he didn't feel the impact in his first class cabin), immediately announced, \"I give it two hours.\" Bell went down with the ship. It was the honourable thing to do. Men who escaped dressed in women's attire would be dubbed cowards and shunned. When they separated the men from the women during the tour to stress the point, a little girl nervously cried out, \"Daddy!\", and the group was immediately merged again. Each boarding pass (entry ticket) gifted you a different identity. This writer was therefore a 36-year-old, second-class passenger named Mrs Allen Becker, who was travelling with her three children to the US. She had lost a child to an illness in India and she didn't want to lose another. Survivor lists that we encountered at the end of the tour allowed us to check if each of us had made it alive.Mrs Becker hadn't. Not such a bad fate, given that women who survived their men, were doomed to destitution and far worse in a society which didn't accept women in the workforce.Eat at: Dinner show tickets start at $64.95 (about Rs 3,500), but since this year marks the 100th anniversary of the disaster, the museum offers a Saturdays-only special 5-course meal that serves dishes that reflects the period, complete with a champagne toast ($100 per adult; about Rs 5,500, $65 per; about Rs 3,500 child). Guests dine among costumed actors and experience a reenactment of that famed last supper.Tip: Book ahead to dine on the Titanic. Every Thursday at 7 pm, the museum also hosts ghosttours (Adults: $32, about Rs 1,700; Kids: $28, about Rs 1,500; Family of 4: $110, about Rs 6,000) for those who are curious about the paranormal phenomenon that some visitors here have claimed to experience.CSI: The Experience @ 7220 International Drive  Tickets: Adults ($19.95), Kids aged 5 TO 12 ($12.95) An oval counter at the centre of the room resembles a lab station, and once we register (read, pay up) for this brand new attraction, an attendant in a white coat, assigns us a case. We're official investigators now. A crime has been committed and it's up to a 14-year old, a 10-year old (in picture) and myself to make sure the perpetrator is apprehended. Fortunately, we have incredible gadgets and forensic tools at our disposal. We also have access to short video clips through which experts bring us up to speed on forensic analysis techniques, so we can accurately decipher bloodsplatter formations, examine bullet casings, identify fingerprints and decode DNA evidence. Before our investigations are complete, we will have taken notes at a crime scene, gathered and analysed evidence and even conducted an autopsy: A white mannequin lies on an operating table, but instead of an operating light, there's a projector overhead that makes it appear as though there are real incisions being made, as though organs are genuinely being probed...by us. Each investigator acts independently, entering findings into computers every step of the way. Finally, you enter your conclusions on a touch screen and if you've solved the crime, you can punch in your e-mail address to send yourself an official CSI Diploma.Eat at: China Jade Mongolian Grill offers decent fare at fair prices (vegetarian options available). You can choose your meats and have them barbequed in sauces, or opt for the buffet ($13; about Rs 750 per head) which also entitles you to a beverage and a fortune cookie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368570", "title": "Rising Sharda, Ghaghra pose threat to five neighbouring districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: With major rivers like Sharda, Ghaghra and Saryu already flowing above the danger mark, threat of flood looms large over neighbouring districts like Gonda, Bahraich, Balrampur, Sitapur and Barabanki. Flood waters have already entered more than 1200 majras (cluster of villages) situated on the banks of these rivers across the five districts. The release of over 3.5 lakh cusec of water from the Bambasa and Girijapuri dams on Sunday is expected to push the rising water levels further within the next 48 hours. As a result, people in the flood-prone regions are having sleepless nights.As per the Central Water Commission, Sharda is almost a metre above its danger mark at Palliakalan in Lakhimpur Kheri district, while Ghaghra crossed the red mark at the Elgin Bridge in Barabanki, Ayodhya and Turtipar in Ballia districts. Rapti has crossed the danger mark at Bhinga in Shrawasti, while Budhi Rapti is flowing much above the danger levels at Siddharthnagar.Ganga is also rising in Varanasi and Allahabad, as a result of which operations of small boats have been banned by the authorities in Kannauj, Kanpur Dehat, Kanpur, Dalmau, Mirzapur and Ghazipur as well. Yamuna too is flowing at danger mark in Mavi and rising in Naini region of Allahabad, the CWC report said. River Ramganga is about to cross the red mark at Moradabad, Bareilly and Shahjahanpur, the CWC sources said.Taking a serious note of the impending holocaust, authorities in Gonda have already cancelled leaves of all the employees of the irrigation, flood relief, district administration and medical health department with immediate effect late on Sunday evening. In Bahraich, flood waters have already entered parts of Mehsi and Kaiserganj tehsils, in Gonda, where the Saryu has already crossed the danger mark by 10 centimetres on Saturday - more than 300 clusters of villages close to the banks of the river have been affected. The worst hit areas include Majha Rath, Dutta Nagar, Gokula, Jafrapur and Maheshpur villages.District disaster management officer in Gonda said that Ghaghra and Saryu are rising rapidly, all the department concerned have been put on high alert. While Saryu had crossed the 92.73 metres danger level mark late on Saturday night itself touching 92.83 meters mark by Sunday afternoon, Ghaghra is showing a steep rise in water levels.Ghaghra was flowing more than 40 centimetres above the danger mark at 106.07 metres at Elgin Bridge, Saryu is flowing more than 30 centimetres above the red mark in Ayodhya. In Balrampur, Rapti had crossed the danger mark of 104.62 metres on Saturday night at Sisai ghat.For the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh, these floods are sure to come as the first major challenge ever since the party came to power in March 2012. Though minister for irrigation and flood control Shivpal Yadav had already visited the flood-prone districts of the state in June last itself to take stock of the preparations at hand, the next few days are likely to be crucial for the authorities responsible for flood control in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369840", "title": "City Lights", "text": "Ghazal FeastGhazal maestro Pankaj Udhas knew he had to do something for the musical genre about 10 years ago when he saw its popularity flailing. As many years later, he regaled lovers of the quintessential love songs last week at a ghazal fest called Khazana where several artistes performed together to raise funds for cancer patients . Udhas let on to our correspondent that as \"a typical Gujarati boy\" he knew nothing of Urdu\u2014the language of poetryand it was only when he was in college at St Xavier's that he tentatively began to sing ghazals. The two-day ghazal fest that he started in 2002 featured almost all the contemporary stalwarts, including Bhupinder Singh , Mitali Singh, Pandit Ajay Pohankar, Abhijit Pohankar, Ustad Rashid Khan, Anup Jalota, Talat Aziz, Ahmed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain. The ustad himself had a request waiting for him when he took the stage\u2014' Chhithi aayi hain' from the movie Naam, which more than 25 years later had the audience young and old alike almost singing along.Death WishHealth and fitness figured prominently in informal discussions of Maharashtra MLAs who were in Mumbai recently for the state legislature's monsoon session. As the discussion hotted up over endless cups of steaming chai, Congress MLA from Jalna , Kailash Gorantyal, had an interesting postscript. \"You are all talking of immortality . But I have a different problem on my plate. People in my constituency and from neighbouring districts are vying to book into the local crematorium for a very special purpose. According to folklore, during his exile, Lord Rama learned of the demise of his father King Dashratha, and performed a shraadh at the Jalna crematorium. Now, the crematorium on the banks of river Kundalini is referred to as Ramteerth. And, therefore, the craze for the burning ghat.\"Ghoda CartelTaxi drivers have formed a cartel at some of the existing stands in the city. If you plan to catch a cab, one of the drivers will come forward and play the unofficial negotiator for the gang. He will ask you the destination and demand a fixed fare, say, Rs 350 to ferry you to the airport. You will be annoyed as the normal fare would not be more than Rs 250, and so you would go to another driver. But they all belong to the same herd and each one will avoid making eye contact with you. When you realize that they have ganged up, you will be left with no choice but to bargain. The negotiator may come down to Rs 300, and one of the drivers will now quickly usher you into his cab. No need to tamper with meters, right?Promised RideAresult of the ongoing metro work at Andheri East is that commuters find it a challenge to get autorickshaws from the station area for short distances. Last week, a commuter was pleasantly surprised when an auto driver immediately agreed. As she started settling down, the driver laid down his one condition. \"I am going only on the condition that you will not get out mid-way .\" Since the distance was less than two kilometres , the lady was amused and not at all dissuaded by the strange pre-condition . But barely had the auto travelled a few hundred meters that she realized what she had got herself into with the rickshaw coming to a halt at the tail end of a massive traffic jam. Having promised to travel all the way, she had not choice but to sit it out until she reached her destination 45 minutes late and poorer by Rs 50.Taking Aim  An interesting fallout of the recent silvery victory of pistol shooter Vijay Kumar Sharma is that some of the toy stores in the city suddenly saw a spurt in little boys \u2014 and some girls \u2014 buying toy guns. Not surprising that children in Mumbai would take an instant interest in this sport, not just because of its sudden glamour but also because in a city profoundly deprived of open spaces, this is a relatively easy activity to indulge in. There really may be something here. If schools and sports clubs could take a cue from this, they may just be able to create a new generation of champions. Besides, the sport's requirement of concentration, focus and control over the nervous system can only help these distracted young ones who are increasingly addled with attentiondeficit issues. Besides, one of the most glorious mythological tales that has always appealed to children is that of Arjuna managing to shoot the moving target \u2014 with his eyes closed.(Contributed by Swati Deshpande, Sanjeev Shivadekar, Somit Sen, Mayur Shetty and Namita Devidayal. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15370086", "title": "Bring Russia under N-liability clause: Activists", "text": "CHENNAI: People's Movement for Nuclear Energy (PMANE) on Sunday demanded that the Centre scrap the 2008 Inter-Governmental Agreement (IGA) with Russia as it puts the onus on the Indian government and the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) for any damage in the event of an accident occurring at the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) site in Tamil Nadu.PMANE convenor S P Udayakumar, in a letter to MPs from TN and other states, stated that the agreement in effect boiled down to the Russian government or their companies having no liability whatsoever for their technology and the equipment used at the site.He said that under Article 13 of the IGA, the operator of the power plant units at the site would be fully responsible for any damage within and outside the Indian territory caused to any person and property. This simply allows the polluter to go scot free.He said any blanket waiver to the foreign suppliers would make the Nuclear Liability Act a cruel joke. \"Russians claim that the Kudankulam reactors are the best and the safest in the world. If that is so, why should they shy away from offering any liability for their technology and components, but keep insisting that the Indian operator, NPCIL, is responsible for all damages?\" he asked.PMANE's reaction comes in the wake of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh questioning the department of atomic energy's decision not to exercise its 'right to recourse' in the event of a nuclear accident in the up-coming units 3 and 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367788", "title": "Drive against tinted glass to resume today", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is possibly the only state in the country where four-wheelers with tinted glass run freely. The Supreme Court directives to ban vehicles using films with higher opacity have failed to yield desired results in view of the lack of availability of meters with the traffic policemen to check transparency of films. The traffic cops are likely to resume their drive against tinted glass from Monday, after the fresh rap by the Supreme Court.The Apex court had issued directives to the states on May 4 this year to check misuse of dark films on four wheelers and has in a fresh directive on August 3 warned of contempt action against the state police chiefs if the orders on tinted glass are not taken seriously.In the state capital the drive against tinted glass lost steam after the initial few days in May as the policemen were asked to take action depending on their senses and understanding about opacity of films in the absence of meters.The proposal to procure light meters for the city traffic cops to check the transparency of the glass on four-wheelers is pending with the police headquarters.As per the court's orders, a visibility of 70% visual light transmission (VLT) is must for glasses on front and rear windscreen and 40% VLT for side glasses.\"We have requested the police headquarters for 10 single transparency meters and equal number of double transparency meters a few months back\", the deputy superintendent of police (traffic) MS Chhari told TOI.Single transparency meters is to check the visibility of side glasses while double transparency is for front and rear windscreen, he said adding that currently the police do not have a single meter and they are simply guided their senses.Regarding the Supreme Courts recent warning to the police on August 3, Chhari said it would be difficult to comment unless the police get a copy of court's orders.Further, police are also confused about the exemption granted to VVIPs. As per the court's orders, exemption could be given to individuals having a Z plus and Z category cover. There needs to be a list of such VIPs who have been exempted in the category but Madhya Pradesh is yet to undertake the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368207", "title": "Blast-like sound creates panic on Laxmi Road", "text": "PUNE: A mysterious noise which sounded like a blast coming from the top floor of a two storied commercial cum residential building, created panic on Laxmi Road on Sunday afternoon.Residents of the neighbouring building and shop owners claimed to have heard a loud sound from a closed room in the building. Some also claimed to have seen smoke emanating from the window following the 'blast'. The city police, bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) and the fire brigade checked the entire building, but nothing suspicious was found.\"We could not find any traces of minor damages in either the room or anywhere in the building,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-I), Makarand Ranade.The ground floor and the first floor of the commercial building that is located at the Jondhale Chowk on Laxmi Road, is occupied by various business establishments. Some residents live on the top floor. One of the rooms on the top floor is given on rent to three students, who are preparing for their Maharashtra public service commission (MPSC) examination.Since Saturday, the trio had started living in that room. On Sunday afternoon they had locked the room and had gone out for lunch.\"Around 3.45 pm, I heard a big sound from the top floor of the building,\" said Shailesh Tapdiya, who was sitting on the bench near the building. \"I also saw smoke emanating from the room,\" he said.Tapdiya said that at the same time a police van was passing from the road. The policemen stopped after hearing the sound. \"They immediately rushed to the top floor of the building. But, nothing was found,\" Tapdiya said, adding, \"Immediately, the fire brigade and the BDDS reached the spot.\"Police inspector of the Vishrambaug police station Rajendra Sawant said that when the police reached there, they found the room was locked. \"We broke the lock and entered the room. But, everything was intact,\" Sawant said.Arun Kanade was at his studio, located in the neighbouring building, when the incident took place.\"My studio is sound proof. Still, I heard a big sound. By the time I came down, the fire brigade and the BDDS had already reached the spot,\" Kanade said.Employees of a shoe mart, which is located a few metres from the building also heard the sound. One of them said, \"The sound was very big. We also saw smoke emanating from the window,\" he said.DCP Ranade said, \"We called an electrician and checked the electric wiring too. But, nothing suspicious was found.\"Assistant commissioner of police (Vishrambaug division) Bharat Bhushan Sharma said that the police found that pest control was conducted in the room on Saturday.\"We checked each and everything in the room and the neighbouring rooms. But, everything was intact,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15368163", "title": "Traffic cops to get tough on dark tints", "text": "PANAJI: Traffic police have cautioned owners of cars and other vehicles against the use of black films on their windscreens and windows in violation of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, and a recent Supreme Court order.\"We will intensify enforcement against violations, including removal of the material on the spot,\" A B Virnodkar, deputy superintendent of police (traffic) said.Rules provide for visual light transmission of not less than 70% for the glass of windscreen (front and rear) of every motor vehicle and not less than 50% for side windows. The Supreme Court of India order dated April 27, 2012 directed that no black films or any other material can be pasted on the windscreen and side glasses of a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368464", "title": "Nagpur agriculture scientist gets top honour", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 12 years of dedicated and passionate work finally brought the much deserved national award in agriculture to a city scientist from the National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC), Vijayakumari Narukulla. She has bagged the prestigious Panjabrao Deshmukh Woman Agriculture Scientists Award for Year 2011 for introducing, developing and commercial exploitation of 'tissue culture' based shoot tip grafting (STG) in developing disease- and virus-free Nagpur orange.A silent worker, Vijayakumari, took up training for STG technique developed by Spanish scientist L Navarro in Spain in 1995. This training helped her become the country's specialist in the technique and brought her the prestigious national award with Rs1 lakh cash prize and recognition at both national and national level. \"I have always done my work as a scientist without any expectations. But, of course, who doesn't want recognition, that too if it comes from the apex institution in the field. It is surely a morale booster which will keep me going for another decade at least in a new field that I have taken up just a year back,\" she said.Now a principal scientist in horticulture at NRCC, Vijayakumari is one of the few scientists associated with the centre since its inception. She has standardized the protocols of micro-grafting and micro-budding for production of disease-free planting material in citrus species. Her work is an excellent example of real 'lab to land' technology adoption by farmers on a mass scale. Over 2.7 lakh saplings developed from the centre have been cultivated by farmers in Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Punjab, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Kerala. Her material has fetched NRCC over Rs80 lakh as project leader. Over 800 hectares of land is under her planting material.Her technology has great promise in bridging the gap between average and potential productivity in citrus crops. \"Though the award comes to me in the women scientists category, I have never worked any less than my male counterparts. And my former and present directors have supported me like any other scientist and I am grateful to them. But I must also mention the support and guidance extended to me by my father Madhusudan Pasupuleti, my husband Ram Babu, a chief conservator of forest with the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra who always stood by me and guided in difficult times along with taking care of my daughter Vatsalya,\" said Vijayakumari.The STG work at NRCC was started by her in 1995 under a World Bank aided project but it got extended under the sponsorship of National Horticulture Board and the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India. Orange, being a heritage crop for the city, is the primary crop for introducing the technique for production of disease-free planting material. The technique has also been used in multiplication of other citrus crops like sweet orange, the Kino and Khasi mandarins in Punjab/Haryana and North Eastern states respectively and Coorg mandarin in Karnataka. The technology is replicable in other horticultural crops too for elimination of virus and virus-like diseases.The award is, however, an additional pleasure that scientists like Vijayakumari derive from their success. The real reward she feels comes from farmers. \"When farmers from remote corners of Marathwada, Rajasthan or as far as North East call me for material, I feel elated. Though it is difficult for an institute like us to meet the farmers' demands it is the biggest motivation to me,\" she stated. She has already started her second innings towards developing seedless cultivars through tissue culture and may be ten years from now she would again bag the same or bigger award for her success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369769", "title": "Mamata Banerjee orders party MPs to attend Sonia Gandhi\u2019s luncheon", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress president Sonia Gandhi's lunch ahead of Tuesday's vice-presidential polls may see Trinamool Congress bigwigs in attendance on Monday, unlike what happened at the luncheon meet on July 18, a day before the presidential elections.It's clear that barring a last-minute glitch, TMC will support Hamid Ansari for a second vice-presidential term. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has directed Trinamool's Lok Sabha leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay to attend the lunch, which may also include railway minister Mukul Roy and the new Rajya Sabha chief whip Derek O' Brien, apart from other MPs.\"Trinamool MPs will participate in the luncheon to be hosted by the UPA chairperson on Monday ahead of the vice-presidential elections slated for August 7,\" Bandyopadhyay said. He said he was instructed by party supremo Mamata, now in north Bengal, to attend it. He added that the party will hold a meeting on Monday to take a decision on the vice-presidential polls and finalize its strategy for the monsoon session.UPA's vice-presidential candidate Ansari has a definite edge with the support of Congress, SP, BSP, RJD, DMK, NCP, RLD, CPM and the National Conference. A total of 790 MPs are eligible to cast their vote on August 7 to elect the 14th Vice-President. TMC's decision to support Ansari comes amid growing indication that the UPA is treading with caution on the Bills to be introduced in the 20-day monsoon session beginning a day after the VP polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15368046", "title": "Border Security Force-Bangladesh Border Guards avert infiltration bid by Bangladeshi Chakmas in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The Border Security Force (BSF) and their Bangladeshi counterpart, the Bangladesh Border Guards (BBG), thwarted an attempt of influx of Chakma tribals on Sunday through the southern border of Tripura.BSF officials said about 250 Chakma tribals from Chittagong Hill Tract (CHT) in Bangladesh had assembled at Silachari border outpost about 200 metres from the remote south-eastern border of Tripura on Saturday demanding the guards open the gate and allow them to enter Indian territory on the grounds that they were apprehending communal violence. The Chakma villagers hailed from Masterpara and Kadamtala village under Khagricherri district of Southern Bangladesh.\"The Chakma villagers, including women , children and old people, assembled at the border outpost around 9pm on Saturday night and tried to pursue the guards to open the gates and let them take asylum in Tripura alleging that non-tribal Muslims were planning to attack them. The BSF jawans, puzzled by the incident, did not allow them to enter Indian territory. Rather, they provided them food and water, keeping them outside the fence, and increased security at the border,\" said a senior BSF official.The villagers said that Muslims in their area, irked after a robbery attempt by some local tribal youths, had allegedly threatened the Chakma villagers. Apprehending an attack, the villagers ran to the border and tried to take shelter in India.Meanwhile, BBG personnel took the Chakmas back to their villages this morning assuring security following a request from the BSF. The situation is reportedly is under control.Tripura had accommodated about 20,000 Chakma refugees from CHT about two decades ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369109", "title": "Buddha is not smiling in this park", "text": "PATNA: Dung cakes on the boundary wall, cattle tied with the iron gate, mud and dirt will welcome you when you make a visit to the Buddha Smiriti Park, one of the dream projects of CM Nitish Kumar.These are some of the deficiencies found during Patna divisional commissioner KP Ramaiah's visit to the park.Ramaiah, who inspected the park on August 1 by visiting every nook and corner of the sprawling campus spread over 23 acres, found a lot of deficiencies in its maintenance. Perturbed over the \"poor upkeep,\" the divisional commissioner, it is reportedly said, reported the matter to the higher authorities during a periodic review meeting of the park's managing committee held under the chairmanship of the development commissioner on August 2. Ramaiah also submitted his inspection report to the higher authorities.As per the report, Ramaiah, during his visit to the park, found that some cattle stocks were tied from outside with the iron grill of the park's boundary wall in northern side. Moreover, some dung cakes were also found pasted on the northern boundary wall from the outside.\"Water has accumulated in lower side of the Stupa's sanctum-sanctorum due to seepage. Dirt and mud are also deposited there. There was a switch board for electricity there but operator doesn't want to go there to switch-on the motor pump due to waterlogging, causing disruption in water supply inside the park's premises,\" the report said.\"Over 20 big trees located besides the pump house have dried, the drainage constructed on western side has been left uncovered at some places, the main gate of the building is broken, water has accumulated on its veranda due to seepage, wild grasses have come up in between the carpet grasses at almost everywhere.\"There are several small pits on the premises and half of the bulbs do not illuminate,\" Ramaiah has said in the report, while recounting the main deficiencies in the upkeep of the park being visited by more than 1,000 to 1,200 people daily.\"On Sunday and holidays, the sale of entry tickets rises up to 1,800 to 2,200,\" said D K Singh, an employees of a security service, who monitors sale of entry ticket at the main gate.At an earlier meeting of the park's managing committee held on May 5, 2010, it was decided to constitute a registered society to run the day-to-day affairs of the park.The urban development department was authorised to prepare bye-laws of the society and get it registered. But the proposed society was yet to see the light of the day, sources said.Ramaiah, despite repeated attempts, could not be reached for his quote. When contacted, managing director of Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (BUIDCO) Anupam Kumar Suman on Saturday admitted that Ramaiah had raised certain issues related to the park at the managing committee meeting.\"In fact, the divisional commissioner is assigned to prepare agenda for the park's managing committee meeting. He had put up certain issues related to delay in construction works on the agenda. But all matters were sorted out at the meeting,\" he said.To a question regarding the alleged poor upkeep of the park, Suman said that lots of construction and beautification works were still going inside the park. Minor deficiencies, if any, would be taken care of, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368779", "title": "Tricksters dupe ATM card holders", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves managed to outsmart security arrangements at ATM centres in the last few weeks. In the first case, a trickster withdrew Rs53,700 from the account of Mohammed Iqbal while in another the thieves siphoned off Rs40,000 of a senior citizen.Iqbal was handed over a duplicate ATM card by a trickster who retained the original one of the victim by keeping him engaged while withdrawing cash from an outlet near Patni Automobiles in Sadar in June. The accused later withdrew substantial cash from Iqbal's account. An offence was registered at Sadar police station.In the second incident, the tricksters fraudulently withdrew Rs20,000 and also transferred an equal amount from the account of 61-year-old Shyamsunder Bandopadhyay after he had taken out cash from an ATM at Seminary Hills. An offence was registered at Gittikhadan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367642", "title": "Vehicle salesman takes buyer for Rs 10L ride, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A sales executive attached to a vehicle manufacturer's show-room has been arrested for cheating a Colaba businessman's son of Rs 9.75 lakh. Azhar Ahmed (26) has been booked for cheating, breach of trust and forgery. He has been remanded in police custody till August 8.The complaint was filed by Abdul Siddiqui (19), son of Colaba businessman Wali Siddiqui. In March, Abdul had booked an SUV at an auto manufacturer's Girguam Chowpatty showroom. Azhar worked as a sales executive at the showroom.\"Azhar told Abdul he would have to wait for a while for the vehicle, considering the demand. Azhar said if he wanted the vehicle immediately, he would have to pay half the vehicle cost in cash,'' said Nisar Tamboli, DCP (zone 2). The vehicle costs Rs 14.5 lakh \"Within one-and-half months, Abdul paid Rs 9.75 lakh. Whenever Abdul asked for a receipt, Azhar said it was not needed,'' said Ajit Surve, senior inspector of DB Marg police station. On April 9, when Abdul went to pay Rs 1.75 lakh, Azhar said he would get the delivery on April 12. On April 11, Azhar called Abdul and said due to a mistake, he needs to sign again on the RTO papers. Azhar said they would deliver the vehicle on April 16. That day, Azhar said he was in Lucknow. When Abdul insisted upon the car's delivery, Azhar asked him to contact one Amjad. But Amjad's phone was switched off. When Abdul approached the showroom, he learnt no vehicle had been booked in his name. He lodged a police complaint. When cops went to Azhar's Mira Road home, he had left the place. The crime branch helped D B Marg police arrest him from another spot.Showroom officials said they had sacked Azhar and issued him a showcause notice against the termination. They said they have nothing to do with the fraud, which must have taken place outside the showroom and that there is no record of payment by Abdul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15368816", "title": "Arni road murder fallout of property dispute", "text": "Yavatmal: Wadgaon Road Police on Sunday succeeded in arresting one of the six accused for brutal murder of a youth on Arni road on Saturday evening. The car in which the absconding accused, including a noted builder from the city, managed to flee from the spot after committing the crime was found abandoned near Buti Bori on Nagpur-Yavatmal National Highway. The murder was reportedly a fallout of a property dispute.According to local crime branch chief, Chandansingh Bayas, one Umesh Khandve (24), a cable operator of the city was brutally murdered by a gang of six in front of Mai hotel owned by a former MLA on Saturday evening. Umesh's uncle, Rambhau Shyamrao Munde, a resident of Sankatmochan area of Umarsara village and an eye witness in the case, lodged a complaint at Wadgaon Road police station. One of the accused, Arif Shah Sharif Shah, 21, was arrested from his local Bangar Nagar resident on Sunday morning.Sources in the police said, deceased Umesh had lodged a complaint a week ago with Wadgaon Road Gram Panchayat alleging illegal construction of the third floor at Bharti shopping complex at Darda Nagar. Umesh had also sought action against the builder by filing an application under the provisions of the RTI Act, 2005 for related documents from the gram panchayat.Irked by this, owner of the complex, Sachin Bharti lodged a complaint at Wadgaon Road police station a couple of days ago stating that Umesh was torturing him. Police has started investigation into the complaint.Meanwhile, the builder and his associates allegedly hatched a plan at the Darda Nagar office of Bharti Builders to eliminate Umesh. During interrogation, Arif has told cops that one Raju Shukla called him to Datta Chowk on Saturday evening from where they left in an auto for Hotel Mai square. Sachin Bharati and others joined them there. On spotting Umesh, who happened to be nearby, they attacked him with swords, sharp knives, steel pipe and rod. Umesh collapsed on the spot and died instantly.Raju and Arif left the spot in an auto rickshaw and went up to Waghapur naka on Yavatmal - Amravati road from where they departed into different directions. Meanwhile, Sachin Bharti escaped into another direction and is still absconding. His three accomplices, including business partner Raju Lohana left the spot in a red colour Maruti Alto car (MH 29-7630).On being alerted, Sindhi Police traced the Maruti car and chased it. When the cops tried to intercept it, the car driver dashed against the police jeep and both the vehicles got damaged. After driving ahead for some distance, the attackers abandoned the car and took shelter in the darkness near Savangi (Asola) village of Wardha district. Police conducted a search but failed to find them.Later, Wadgaon police conducted panchanama and sent the body for post mortem late in the night.They have also launched a manhunt for the absconding accused, informed PSO Sarjerao Gaikwad of Wadgaon Road Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374008", "title": "Dhama Chaukadi", "text": "CreditsDirector: Arhan Akhter Cast: Mukesh Tiwari, Akshay Yadav, Deepak Chauhan, Yaduveer Yadav, Deep Raj Rana, Jubed Khan, Roseleen Khan, Sonal Singh Producer: Virendra Ramlal Jain, Akshay Yadav Banner: B.R.Godaulia Film Production, Aakankasha Arts Writer: Bholu Khan Music: Sahil Rayan Lyrics: Arafat Mehmood Release Date: August 24, 2012SynopsisMafia dons are very cruel, very selfish but they are also helpless in front of destiny. It would be an ironic situation to see these dons being helpless and forced to beg on roads.Dhama Chaukadi is story of four different dons from various states of India, Mani Aiyyer (Mukesh Tiwari) from South, Pappu Yadav (Akshay Yadav) from Bihar, Lallan Pyare (Deepak Chauhan) from Uttar Pradesh and Sanjay Apte (Yaduveer Yadav) from Maharashtra.All four hate each other but circumstances bring them closer and now they are very close friends over being enemy. Police Commissioner (Deep Raj Rana) wants to finish their empire and thus he is always trying to destroy them. Finally irritated with Police Commisioner, these four dons change their profession and plunge in film production, for which they select Sanjay Mishraa as director. Police Commissioner gets this information and reaches on shooting location and 'Dhama Chaukadi' starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15375395", "title": "Fake products sale is likely to touch over Rs 55,000 cr by 2013", "text": "CHENNAI: The widespread sale of counterfeit products across various sectors such as electronic items, automotive components, consumer durables, pharma, herbal medicine &amp; cosmetic has become so alarming as to capture a market size of Rs 55,000 crore through illegal channels by 2013, estimates made by the industry body -Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) said. Poor or zero regulatory mechanism to check the sale of these products could potentially deny the exchequer Rs 5,000 crore revenue losses for 2011-12.\"Delhi is the hub of counterfeit products in India as nearly 75% counterfeit products originate here. FMCG companies having maximum loss up to 45% and an average loss around 25% of their market share of their well known products\", added D S Rawat, Secretary General, ASSOCHAM. The most popular counterfeit market is clothing, followed by shoes, watches, leather goods, and jewelry.The sale of contraband electronic items, consumer durables, automotive components, pharma, herbal medicine &amp; cosmetic products, based of ASSOCHAM estimates for fiscal 2011-12 is Rs 25,000 crore. The current market size of fake products sale is around 45,000 crore.The other areas in which spurious products sale is going unabated comprise vegetable oils, spices, ghee and even watch components. In these areas of large economic activities, the fake products sale has been estimated within the range of Rs 15,000 crore by 2013.Fake medicines were sold off in rural and semi urban market the cost of which works out to be Rs 12, 000 crore. Herbal medicine and cosmetics alone registered a sale of another Rs 10,000 crores in 2011-12. The laws at present hardly provide for effective deterrence for the offenders either by way of monitory penalties, damages or criminal prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15368123", "title": "Go beyond textbooks for knowledge, says Pachauri", "text": "VASCO: R K Pachauri has urged students of BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus to dedicate themselves to acquire knowledge beyond what is taught in textbooks and classrooms.Pachauri was delivering his address as the chief guest at the second convocation for graduating students of BITS Pilani on Saturday and had everyone listening with rapt attention. \"If you pick the right young people, give them opportunities and provide them resources, they certainly rise to the occasion,\" said Pachauri, who has served as the chairperson of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) since 2002. The organization was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.Mixing caution with optimism, he reflected on \"human society ignoring sustainable development\" due to a lack of adequate knowledge and awareness. \"If society fails, we cannot call ourselves successful, no matter how much wealth we acquire,\" he added.Pachauri's talk on global warming began with the presentation of statistics to highlight the immediate need for controlling this menace. His conclusions regarding developing countries being the worst affected by global warming found substantial ground especially since 95% of natural disasters strike these countries.If the emission of green house gases continues unabated, the smouldering heat wave would arrive after every two years instead of the usual, one in 20 years, he pointed out.The objective of highlighting these dangers, was for \"the graduates to take impact of climate change in consideration\" irrespective of where they are.Also present on the occasion were vice chancellor B N Jain, directors of all the BITS campuses, faculty of BITS Pilani, Goa, and students accompanied by their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367815", "title": "Bhoj varsity scam being pushed under carpet?", "text": "BHOPAL: The sudden transfer of top officials of bureau of investigation of economic offences (EOW), probing an alleged printing and contract scam in Madhya Pradesh Bhoj Open University, coupled with varsity top brass proceeding on leave has given rise to suspicion that an attempt is being made to push the inquiry under the carpet.The EOW team-the Inspector General of Police, Superintendent of police and Deputy Superintendent of police-all who were handling the case were transferred out from the economic offences wing within a short span. Meanwhile, university registrar went on leave and two others, who were given additional charge, also proceeded on leave.Sources said EOW has been investigating alleged irregularities in a contract, given to a Lucknow based firm, for printing of confidential examination related papers on complaints that printing jobs were given to this particular firm without following the due procedures. There were allegations that even after the complaints; printing works were given to the same people, who just changed their names for bagging the contract.The economic offences wing began the probe in the case, allegedly involving vice chancellor S K Singh and six others, and recorded the statements of senior officials of Bhoj Open University in the second week of July. The probe was under progress when EOW superintendent of Police Arvind Saxena has been shifted as SP Bhopal South. DSP Vinita Malaviya was promoted and posted at the police headquarters and IG (EoW) A K Sharma was shifted to IG Hoshangabad range.However, police administration sources described transfer of EOW officials as part of \"routine administrative reshuffle\".Meanwhile, Bhoj Open University registrar Anand Kamle proceeded on leave, handing over the charge to Prof. Gyan Singh Gautam. After he too proceeded on leave, the charge of registrar was handed over to Dr Rajshree Shastri, who also went on medical leave on Friday. Now, the university registrar's charge has been handed over to S S Saleha Siddiqui, who is on deputation from the school education department.University sources claimed that a number of posts were lying vacant and no efforts were being made to fill them up. It is alleged that people were being employed through backdoor; using the services of a security agency. The renewal of contract of this agency itself was mired in controversy after a committee, which examined the proposal, was informed that this agency concerned did not deposit employees' provident fund (EPF) and service tax. However, committee's recommendation was allegedly overruled by the vice-chancellor, they alleged.When contacted, Bhoj University officials refused to comment saying \"the issues were being investigated by a competent agency\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367601", "title": "B Neelima\u2019s family pleads with police to end probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The family members of Infosys employee B Neelima who so far were alleging foul play in the incident, have approached Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao requesting that the investigation into the death be stopped. They now believe that Neelima did indeed commit suicide.The Cyberabad police said Neelima's husband Suresh Reddy and other family members had informed them that she had given a clean chit to B Prashanth, a Cognizant employee and her friend, in an email sent to her husband. She also informed him that she needed to pay 500 (currency not mentioned in the message but police presume it to be US dollars) as rent to someone in the US and 4,000 (currency not mentioned) to Prashanth.\"Suresh said he knew Neelima had a friend by name Prashanth. In the last one-and-half years, Suresh on one occasion went to the US to meet Neelima and celebrate her birthday. It was on this occasion that Neelima had introduced him to Prashanth along with several other friends. However, Suresh said he was unaware of any more details about him,\" the Raidurgam police said. After cracking the email password and collecting the call detail record (CDR) of Neelima's cellphone, the Cyberabad police found several mails sent to Prashanth besides the lone mail to Suresh in the last few minutes before her death. \"Seconds before Neelima's death she had sent an SMS to Suresh. When Suresh was questioned about it, he told us that his message box was full and hence the SMS might have not been delivered,\" an official said. After unlocking the phone of Neelima, police found that she had deleted all SMSes from her phone.In the email sent to Suresh, which according to police he checked only after her funeral, Neelima had informed him about the payments she was supposed to make and to whom her gold and flat in Chandanagar was to be given. \"It was not a will, she only briefly explained that benefits given by the company like provident fund, insurance should go to certain persons. As a result, the family members requested police to stop the investigation since they no longer have any doubts about her death being a case of homicide,\" officials said.With the available information, police have come to a conclusion that Neelima went to Infosys with a determination to die. They are now gathering information on the reasons behind her death. Since Prashanth was a former employee of Infosys, police are ascertaining whether Neelima and Prashanth knew each other from the days he worked at the IT major or they became friends only after they moved to the US. Police are also trying to find details from Neelima's laptop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15374331", "title": "Over 100 trapped in China mudslide", "text": "BEIJING: Rain-triggered mudslide engulfed a village trapping over 100 people even as nine people were killed and four others found missing after Typhoon Damrey caused havoc in northeast China's Liaoning province.Over 100 people were trapped in village called Tiejia in southwest China's Yunnan Province on Monday morning, local authorities said.Although more than 200 people were initially trapped in the mudslide in the county of Eyuan, Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture, more than 80 people had been saved by noon, state- run Xinhua news agency quoted local rescuers as saying.Meanwhile, nine people were killed and four others found missing after Typhoon Damrey caused heavy damage in China's Liaoning Province over the weekend.The typhoon also temporarily disrupted rail services in the province on Saturday, affecting more than two million people.Nine people were killed and four others were reported missing, a Xinhua report said.Six people were killed in Xiuyan City, where the typhoon has cut off electricity, paralysed road traffic and damaged drinking water facilities.More than 110,000 people have been left homeless. In the city of Benxi, heavy flooding on the Sandaohe and Xihe rivers trapped more than 300 construction workers in a tunnel today.Fire fighters tried to connect a ropeway in an effort to pull the workers out of the tunnel.Another report said hundreds of people were stranded by a rain-triggered flood in central China's Hubei province.Heavy rains hit Gucheng county in the city of Xiangyang early on Monday morning, flooding the downtown area and surrounding villages, county fire fighters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369211", "title": "St Xavier\u2019s alumni: Who\u2019s who of society", "text": "PATNA: St. Xavier's Alumni Association (SXAA) is the city's one of the oldest alumni associations, which boasts of over 3,000 members, some of them very famous names. From doctors to teachers, bureaucrats to senior police officers, bankers to other government servants, Xavier's has produced persons of eminence in all the fields. Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran, DGP Abhyanand, noted surgeon Dr A A Hai, former top cop J K Sinha, Hotel Chanakya director Vijay Kochar and Justice Abhijit Sinha - they are all school passouts, to name a few.Formed in 1947, the association enables old buddies remain connected and active. \"An annual reunion takes place just before Christmas every year. Over 500 old boys of the school gather from across the country. Meeting old friends is something to be cherished. On the occasion, apart from partying wild, we also re-commit ourselves to serving the Xavier's. A directory of the alumni is also published, so that the alumni remain connected,\" said the association's president, Ravi Nandan Sahay\"The alumni association gives us an opportunity to relive the old days we had spent with our buddies. The bonding even after such a long time is a matter of pride,\" said J K Sinha.The association also organizes poolside parties for the Patna-based alumni. Besides, it also organizes the reunion of golden and silver jubilee batches every year, said Sahay.The association also has a good connect with the school's current students. It organizes various welfare activities for them, with career counselling by the alumni being one of them, said Sahay. Dr Amulya K Singh gives advice on medicine, Vijay Kochar on hotel management, Justice Abhijit Sinha on judiciary, J K Sinha on bureaucracy, Anshul Sinha on banking etc, he added. The association also organizes a blood donation camp annually.SXAA also conducts a free health check-up of the school students by doctors who are Xavier passouts. Through such interactions, the alumni tries to convey to the younger lot the proud legacy of the school, said Sahay.Some of the alumni also offer sports training to the current students.The alumni association also funds various school projects.It contributed to the development of English and Computer labs of the school. It also finances a few poor students of the school, besides giving prizes worth Rs 15,000 annually to toppers of various subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369807", "title": "Insurance mis-sellers are back", "text": "When Maria Amin deposited her first paycheque in April, her insurance agent had a few words of advice. The Noida-based school teacher could earn tax-free assured returns of 10% by investing in an endowment insurance plan. \"He showed me a brochure, which stated that the returns were guaranteed. It was also mentioned on a website,\" she says.However, her delight turned into disappointment when she checked on the insurance company's website. The brochure that the agent had shown was not official material authorised by the company. The website too was run by an insurance brokerage firm. On the official website of the LIC, the benefit illustration of the Jeevan Saral plan clearly mentioned that the returns were not guaranteed.What is being mis-sold ?A few years ago, insurance agents were mis-selling high-cost Ulips to gullible buyers because they earned heavy commissions. The came down after the 2010 guidelines capped the charges on Ulips. But agents are now pushing low-yield traditional plans by projecting them as assured return options. \"The returns from traditional plans are measly and rarely exceed 5%,\" says Jayant Pai, head of marketing, Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services. Before the new guidelines kicked in, Ulips accounted for almost 75% of the new policies sold by insurance companies. Now, 85% of the new business comes from traditional plans (see graphic).Distributors earn 30-40 % commission from selling traditional policies compared with 8-12 % from a Ulip. \"The only person who loses out is the buyer. He doesn't know what he's getting into when he buys a traditional plan,\" says HDFC Life CEO and MD Amitabh Chaudhry.One such buyer is Pune-based Chintan Purohit (see picture). The 25-year-old software professional has two endowment plans for 10 years each and a pension plan that matures when he is 30. Given his life stage, Purohit didn't need these plans at all. Pankaaj Maalde, head of financial planning at Apnapaisa.com, says Purohit's insurance policies do not serve any meaningful purpose in his financial planning and should be discarded.Who buys low-yield plans?The biggest draw for buyers is the tax benefit on insurance policies. They are particularly popular with high net worth individuals, who are not as concerned about the low returns as they are about the taxability of the income. Tax deduction under Section 80C is another important reason for buying these plans. However, this year's budget has proposed that an insurance plan will be eligible for tax deduction and the income will be taxfree only if it covers the policyholder for 10 times the annual premium. Experts say the net return from an endowment plan has fallen by almost 40-50 basis points to 4.1%.Lured by bonusAlthough announced every year, the bonus is usually paid on maturity of the plan. The problem is that it does not get compounded. So even though your policy might have got a big bonus this year, you will get it only after 15-20 years. The cash bonus is the only one that is paid to the policyholder in the year it is ann o u n c e d . \"Each plan is structured differently . Ask the agent or company to clearly explain what you will receive at the end of the tenure,\" says Pai.The good news is that Irda is now planning to crack the whip on misselling . Earlier this year, it proposed that before a customer is sold a policy , the insurance company should study his needs in detail. A 6-page form with details of income, risk appetite , even the monthly household expenses, will have to be filled up by the buyer and countersigned by the agent. The Irda wants insurers to assess whether the buyer can afford the policy he is buying.Changes in the offingIrda has drafted new guidelines for such plans, which could change the insurance landscape once again. The most significant alteration proposed is the capping of the commissions payable on traditional plans. The longer the premium-paying tenure of the plan, the higher the ceiling. This is an incentive to push buyers to go for long-term plans, which can deliver better returns. Maalde agrees. \"The returns from a 5-year or 10-year policy may not exceed 4-4 .5%,\" he says. \"Go for plans with terms of at least 20-25 years. Even so, the returns will not be higher than 5-5 .5%.\"Irda has also proposed that the minimum premium-paying term be five annual premiums. \"These guidelines will ensure that insurance companies become answerable for what they offer the customer,\" says Suresh Agarwal, executive vice-president and head of distribution and strategic initiatives, Kotak Life Insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15369814", "title": "Anti-terror aide keeps President Barack Obama in loop", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama was on Sunday briefed by his counter-terrorism advisor John Brennan on the situation arising out of the attack on worshipers at a gurudwara in Wisconsin, US officials said. Meanwhile, various groups have condemned the shooting calling it a \"coldblooded massacre of innocent worshipers\".Indian minorities advocacy network and Muslim peace coalition USA condemned the heinous attack and urged the Muslims to hold special prayer services in this holy month of Ramadan for the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368446", "title": "Gopal Kanda's meteoric rise form shoe factory owner to airline promoter", "text": "NEW DELHI: From a small shoe factory owner in Sirsa to owning airlines, Haryana's home minister Gopal Goyal Kanda \u2014 now accused of abetment to suicide of one of his ex-employees \u2014 has come a long way. While his father Murli Dhar was an advocate and staunch RSS man, Kanda shifted alliance \u2014 from being the right hand man of Ajay Chautala to become the home minister in Bhupinder Singh Hooda's cabinet despite being an independent first time MLA.Locals in Sirsa who have seen the rise of Kanda (46) recall that he and his brother Gobind had initially started a small shoe factory in this Haryana town. \"Soon, they started a showroom for their home products named 'Shoe Camp' at their ancestral house at Hisaria Bazar. Though now they are not in this business, the house is still known by the old name,\" said a resident of Sirsa. The showroom was inaugurated by then Sirsa deputy commissioner Avtar Singh, locals recalled.Later, Kanda shifted to Gurgaon to try his luck and his life changed completely. Political observers say he forayed into the property business and was a key player in getting change of land use done during the Om Prakash Chautala regime. In Haryana, people have struck gold with change of land use from agricultural to residential and commercial purposes.Senior Haryana government officials said Kanda came close to the Chautalas and worked for them in Gurgaon for years. He made a grand entry in the aviation industry in March 2007 when he launched an airline named after his father and son -- Murli Dhar Lakh Ram (MDLR).The airline, however, wound up operations in November 2009. Many believed Kanda was only the face of MDLR and that the Chautalas had a major share in this venture. However, this was never established.Just ahead of the 2009 assembly elections, Kanda severed his alliance with Chautalas alleging that he was being exploited by Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) leaders. Sources in Haryana Congress said Kanda had even tried to get a party ticket in the Lok Sabha election with the help of a former MP from Delhi. Finally, he fought the assembly election as an independent candidate against Congress's Laxman Dass Arora and won. He became close to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda after he managed to rope in the support of six independent MLAs for Congress, which had won only 40 seats in the 2009 elections for the 90-member House. As a reward, Kanda was given the plum portfolio of minister of state for home in the government.This is not the first time that Kanda has courted controversy. In July 2011, his guards had beaten up former cricketer Atul Wasan near the Gurgaon toll plaza for overtaking the minister's convoy. In 2008, Kanda's 17 aides were accused of attacking income-tax officials and robbing them. They were sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment by a court but were later released on bail and the case is pending in the Punjab and Haryana high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15368593", "title": "India Against Corruption prepares to bring consensus on political move", "text": "NAGPUR: The local chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) is working on a strategy to bring its supporters and volunteers on board for Team Anna's political foray. The IAC differentiates between its supporters and volunteers, with the latter being among the core team.While no volunteer wanted to speak on record fearing it will project IAC as a fragmented movement, some of them told TOI that they fear Team Anna will become just one of the many political parties. \"We should have remained as a pressure group which gives a voice to the common man, but once you become a political party then the focus changes to appeasement for garnering votes,\" said a volunteer.But IAC city coordinator Ajay Sanghi believes that politics is the only option now. \"To clean the muck we will have to enter the dirt. Our recent agitation did not draw enough support and ended in an unexpected manner. We even might have to go along with a political outfit and manage IAC separately in its present form. The bifurcation will help to retain people who want to be with IAC but not get involved with politics,\" said Sanghi.He accepted that there are many within the IAC who are unhappy with the decision to give a political shape to the movement. \"It is a fact that not everyone is happy with the decision because of certain preconceived notions about politics, but we will try to bring about a consensus. In Monday's weekly meeting we will be asking everyone if they believe that those around Anna Hazare are bad people, just as our detractors allege.\" Then stakeholders will be asked if the aim of Team Anna - to end corruption - is flawed in anyway. \"Then we will ask in the meeting about what realistic options are available before us to achieve our aims?\" said Sanghi. IAC hopes that the result of such a debate will naturally progress towards a consensus on their political aspirations.Sanghi, said, \"Volunteers work selflessly devoting time and money without seeking anything in return. Some of them feel that politics is a dirty field and they would not be very comfortable with that,\" said Sanghi. He adds though that these are just ideas and the final shape will be given by Anna himself in a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15370129", "title": "Export plans of rubber nurseries caught in red tape", "text": "KOCHI: It's not just rubber, rubber saplings from the state are also in great demand in the international market, especially from African nations where large-scale plantations are being set up at a rapid pace.But cumbersome export certification procedures have stopped over 2,000 rubber nurseries, inundated by enquiries from countries such as Tanzania , Liberia and Ghana, in the state from exploring these markets where even India-based plantation companies have leased land for growing rubber.\"Many new plantations are coming up in African countries. But they lack rubber nurseries and planters in those countries are looking to import saplings. While even exporting samples is profitable, getting approval for exports is very difficult as procedures are stringent,\" said Jomon Augustin, director of Kuttiyankal Rubber Nursery, Pala, who has exported 10,000 saplings to Mexico in 2010.Getting phytosanitary certification of plants or plant products from Union government's department of agriculture, which ensures that they are free of pests, is not easy, forcing nurseries to drop their plans of exploring new markets. There are about 2,000 nurseries in the state with a majority of them in the small-scale sector.\"Earlier, we faced difficulties in exporting rubber saplings as chances of them getting damaged were high. But now with the root trainer method used in raising saplings in polypropylene cups instead of the polythene bags traditionally used, it is easy to export saplings if other certification hurdles are cleared,\" said Jose Cheerakuzhy of Cheerakuzhi Young Bud Rubber Nursery in Palakkad, which sells around 10 lakh saplings annually. The nursery has so far received 10 enquiries from different countries and despite approaching the Union government for quarantine certification the deal was stuck in later proceedings.\"It is true that some private rubber nurseries in the state have been receiving enquiries from abroad. But if they want to export saplings, they have to get the clearance from the union government since live materials belong to a country under the World Trade Organisation (WTO) agreement,\" said J Thomas, rubber production commissioner with the Rubber Board, adding that the demand for saplings had grown in African countries due to the absence of nurseries. \"However, the Rubber Board has not received any official enquiries for large-scale exchange of rubber saplings,\" said Thomas.Rubber nurseries said that many India-based plantation companies, who have leased large tracts of land in African countries, have also made plans to plant rubber and enquired about availability of saplings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367773", "title": "Congress offers car to tribal panel chief", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after it came to notice the state scheduled tribes commission chairman Ramlal Rautel took an auto rickshaw to go to office, opposition Congress offered to provide him a car if the state government failed to take steps to extend facilities to the tribal leader.Leader of the opposition Ajay Singh wrote a letter to Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, alleging discrimination against the Scheduled Tribes Commission chairman in extending facilities which he is entitled for. He wondered how the state government was providing all facilities to chairman of other boards and corporations, and ignoring a commission where a tribal leader is heading as a chairman.Pointing out that the BJP government had organised a \"Adivasi mahakumbh\" at Mandla few years ago to woo the tribals, Singh said Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his party's state leadership have been repeatedly talking about protecting tribals' honour.\"They are just getting lip service as the tribes and other downtrodden continues to remain backward in the state\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368299", "title": "Dropouts placed back in schools should be given transport: NGOs", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has placed 1,251 out of 2,060 dropouts in different schools, but NGOs think that unless basic transport is provided, the number may dwindle over time.The PMC school board's survey has pitched the number of out-of-school children (or school dropouts and never enrolled) in the city at 2,060, a minor drop from last year's 2,222 children. About 90% of these children were found at construction sites. The survey was conducted in May after which the out-of-school children were enrolled in different PMC schools.Besides demanding transport facility, NGOs have recommended bringing classroom capacity at par with the number of students enrolled and special training for children who have been admitted in age-appropriate classes.\"As many as 809 children are yet to be enrolled. Most children live at construction sites and have migrated from other states. Construction workers have a fixed duration of stay in the city, after which they migrate with their families. Even if these children are enrolled, there is a possibility that they would drop out the next year because their parents may shift to some other city,\" said a PMC school board official. About 1,200 children enrolled in 2010 had dropped out of school last year due to migration.According to the survey this year, 532 children live in Koregaon Park, Mohmmadwadi, Kondhwa, Mundhwa and Hadapsar; 376 in city areas; 246 in Bibvewadi, Sahakarnagar and Katraj and 625 live in Kothrud, Karvenagar, Aundh, Pashan and Yerawada.The PMC also took help from NGO Swadhar, which works for uplift of women and children. Anjali Bapat, convenor of 'Project Akshardeep' in Swadhar, said, \"Enrolling them is good, but providing them transport and making schools accessible are equally important. Often children stay at far away places. Besides, their parents work at construction sites and have nobody to accompany the child to school.\"Earlier, Rs 50 lakh were approved under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) to provide transport to PMC school students in far-flung areas of the city. The scheme, which was approved for the current financial year, was to come into force from June 15 and benefit as many as 1,689 students. A PMC official said that all schools will get the funds by mid-August. \"Once these funds are disbursed, the school authorities will arrange suitable transportation facilities for the children. In some places, PMPML buses have already started ferrying students,\" the official said.Bapat said the children need pre-schooling. \"At present, they are given admission in an age-appropriate class as per the Right to Education Act (RTE). Thus it is most essential that anganwadis incorporate the component of education for pre-school children, apart from providing nutrition. Pre-schooling will encourage parents to move on with their child's education instead of taking her out of school,\" said Bapat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369194", "title": "Common curriculum for all boards: ICSE", "text": "PATNA: Clearing the misconception that Indian School Certificate (ISC) syllabus is not competition-based, Gerry Arathoon, chief executive officer and secretary of Council of the Indian School Certificate Examination, New Delhi, on Saturday said, \"A common curriculum has been devised for the entire country. In fact, it has some additional topics that will give an edge to our students. Our syllabus is at par with other boards.\"Speaking on the second day of 25th Regional Conference of Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate (ASISC), Arathoon congratulated the ASISC on its silver jubilee. \"The members should have conviction, passion and farsightedness for the better of our schools,\" he said.Addressing the who's who of about 96 ICSE/ISC schools of Bihar and Jharkhand, Arathoon informed them about a new system of online affiliation of schools, which will soon be in place, and reduction in examination fees by more than 50% from 2013. When asked why CBSE schools are more popular than the ICSE, Mary Alphonsa, principal, Don Bosco Academy, Patna, said, \"It is the mindset of the people that CBSE curriculum is easy. But, now, all boards have the same syllabus in Class 12th. So there will be no difference.\"Mehjabeen Rizvi, principal, Rose Bud School, Patna said, \"I fail to understand why people prefer CBSE over ICSE. That the ICSE syllabus is difficult is all rumour. In fact, someone who passes Class 12 from the ICSE Board has extremely good English.\"Pooja Ann Sharma, vice-principal, Jesus and Mary Academy, Patna City, explained, \"The common belief is that CBSE is competition-based and its comprehensive evaluation system attracts more students to it. Otherwise, till Class 10, it is the same in all the boards.\"Christopher Francis, regional secretary of ASISC, also congratulated the Patna zone for the successful hosting of the conference and invited the members for the national conference at Kolkata. R I Thornton, principal, Bishop Westcott Boys School, Ranchi, was elected the president, ASISC, Bihar and Jharkhand, at the conference on Saturday. Mary Alphonsa, principal, Don Bosco Academy, Patna, was elected the vice-president while Christopher Francis retained his post as the regional secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15373882", "title": "Jewellery shop looted in Visnagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A robbery in Tirupati market in Visnagar town has angered traders and local businessman. The robbery took place in the wee hours on Sunday morning. It was a jewellers store that the robbers had broken into and looted Rs 3.35 lakh worth jewellery.With no CCTV cameras in the vicinity or in the shop, the robbers broke into the stores vault and stole whatever was there. The spate of robberies has increased in the past few months here.\"We are thinking of installing CCTV cameras here in the market area. There have been two other burglary incidents here and this time we do not want to take chances,\" says Bhiku Prajapati , a mobile phone stores owner.The shops owner Manilal Patel had come to the shop on Sunday morning when he saw that the shutter locks had been broken and the vault and the display platforms had some jewellery missing.\"We suspect the involvement of a local. We are taking statements of employees working in nearby shops,\" says a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369232", "title": "Govt committed to raising education standard: PK Shahi", "text": "PATNA: The state government has reiterated its commitment to improve the standard of education in Bihar by allocating 35% of the first supplementary budget's plan outlay to this sector, said education minister PK Shahi.In the Rs 9,672.63 crore supplementary budget tabled in the assembly on Thursday, Rs 6,722.48 crore has been earmarked for the state plan. Out of Rs 6,722.48 crore, a handsome Rs 2,332 crore, approximately 35% of the plan size, has been earmarked for the schemes in education sector.Besides launching a new scheme for providing scholarship exclusively to the students hailing from extremely backward classes (EBCs), the Nitish government has also upgraded two continuing schemes of school education to ensure that more students benefit from the state government's welfare programmes, Shahi told TOI.Out of Rs 2,332 crore earmarked for education sector, the Sarva Shikha Abhiyan got Rs 800 crore, the highest in the sector. The second highest amount of Rs 742 crore goes to the Mukhyamantri Extremely Backward Classes (EBCs) Merit Scholarship Scheme.\"It's a new scheme meant only for the meritorious students belonging to the EBCs. Initially, it will be implemented among the students studying in primary schools. Later, it may be extended up to secondary level,\" Shahi said. The government had announced a few months back that all students belonging to EBCs would get scholarship. This scheme is the outcome of that announcement, he said.Further, the government, in the supplementary budget, has allotted Rs 345 crore for two more new schemes. Rs 220 crore has been allocated to the Mukhyamantri Shatabdi Balika Poshak Yojna while Rs 125 crore will go to the Mahadalit Akshar Anchal Yojna.\"Though the nomenclature of the two schemes is new, they are actually old schemes. In fact, both are modified version of the continuing Akshar Anchal Yojna and the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna,\" Shahi said. He said both schemes would now be implemented with certain modifications in their old patterns. But the minister couldn't explain why separate allocations had been made for the old Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojna and the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna when it had been modified and only nomenclature had been changed.As per the details of the supplementary budget provided by the finance department, Rs 130 crore has been earmarked for the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna and Rs 70 crore for the Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojna. Besides, Rs 220 crore has been allotted for the Mukhyamantri Shatabdi Poshak Yojna. Now, the government has three types of school uniform schemes.In the budget, the government has also allotted Rs 125 crore for the mid-day meal in schools, Rs 100 crore for acquisition of land for the upcoming Central University at Motihari and Rs 20 crore for Bihar Veterinary Science and Technology University. Besides the state plan allocation, Rs 128.13 crore has been earmarked for the central plan schemes. Of the Rs 128.13 crore, a huge amount of Rs 123 crore has been earmarked for opening of new polytechnics and upgrade of the existing polytechnics in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368138", "title": "Wild \u2018extra\u2019 steals the limelight on TV serial set in Goregaon", "text": "MUMBAI: A leopard strayed into the set of a television serial in Goregaon Film City on Sunday morning. A security guard at Film City spotted the wild cat around 10am and informed forest officials. A rescue team from Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) reached the spot in the next 15 minutes. The leopard left the premises almost an hour after the team arrived. The shooting hadn't started at that time and only a few crew members were present.This is the fourth reported instance of a leopard intrusion since June.According to SGNP officials, a multi-storied set had been erected for the shooting of the television serial. \"It is possible the leopard crept into the set on Saturday night and hid on the first-floor,\" said an official who was part of the rescue team. \"All the people around the set were asked to clear the location and the rescue team allowed the leopard time to come out of hiding and leave the set,\" said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator of forest, SGNP. \"The team kept a watch on the animal and waited till it came out of the set on its own and went back to the forest,\" he added.The wild cat left the set around 11.30am. According to forest officials, the ground where the set was erected is surrounded by forest on three sides.\"The area is prone to leopard intrusions and boards displaying helpline numbers have been put up,\" said Limaye. \"In this situation, Film City officials acted wisely and informed us immediately,\" he added. Officials said leopards often stray into human inhabited areas near Film City in search of easy prey like dogs, cats, hens etc. \"The shooting equipment, the structures made for shooting act as cover behind which the animal can hide,\" said an official.\"In most cases, leopards get scared and hide. However, they may get aggressive only when provoked,\" another official said.On July 18,a leopard had attacked a 12-year-old girl in a slum in Mulund. The slum is located on the periphery of the forest.On July 14, a leopard had entered the premises of Whistling Woods film school. In June, two leopards had entered Royal Palms building in Aarey colony, creating scare among the residents. Actor accused of abuseA model on Saturday registered a non-cognizable complaint against a Bollywood actor. The actor hosted a party at his Juhu home and the model had gone there. The two had a tiff, after which she complained of verbal abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367926", "title": "Army says it is looking after ill war veteran", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Army in a rebuttal to a report in the Guwahati edition of The Times of India on 2 August - 'War veteran battling poverty and illnesses' - has clarified that guardsman Chandra Kanta Talukdar has been under treatment at Base Hospital Basistha and has been admitted to a private hospital at Dispur on the recommendation of Base Hospital Basistha. The army authorities clarified that the ex-serviceman is a member of the Ex-serviceman Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS) where he is not required to pay any bills and the same are directly paid to the private hospital through ECHS.Defence PRO Lt Col SS Phogat said that the son of ex-servicemen Hriday Ranjan Talukdar was asked to provide details of the expenditure made by him at the private hospital but he failed to produce any bills for his father's treatment. The private hospital also denied charging any money from the individual.On August 2, The Times of India reported that the decorated war veteran from Assam , who was serving as a guard to a subedar major (GDSM) in the Lahore Sector and was awarded the Desh Raksha medal in 1966, is now battling poverty and severe illness without any support from the government. The soldier is plagued by multiple health malaise - kidney ailments, brain haemorrhage, nerve problems and piles - and cannot afford to pay huge sums for proper treatment. His family said they have no option but to approach the chief minister for financial assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367671", "title": "Ramzan fast fails to deter Hyderabad youth from working out", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fasting faithful might have so long abstained from indulging in arduous work during the month of Ramzan but health conscious youngsters are no longer willing to miss their gym sessions. To facilitate them, gyms in the Old City are open until late night for this one month where they dedicatedly arrive after the night prayers to pump iron.Coaches say that youngsters see the month as an opportunity to get in shape and hence do not skip workout even if they have to stay awake late. \"Workout starts after Iftar around 7 pm but many people start coming after taraweeh prayers at 10 pm. My gym is open till 12 midnight,\" said Mirza Mouzam Baig of the New Super Gym in Jahanuma.The workout sessions are shorter and many people prefer to stick to light exercises as opposed to heavy weights. Coaches say that even those who lift heavy weights, cut down on the number of repetitions and the weight. \"People usually reduce their work sessions both in terms of time and the quantum of weights. Many prefer to switch over to aerobics for this one month,\" said Baig adding that gyms witness a slight increase in admissions as people want to combine fasting and workout to shed weight.According to Mohammed Ibrahim Mustafa of Fitness for Life in Somajiguda, workout should ideally be minimal during Ramzan but many youngsters who are in the habit of exercising continue their usual rigorous schedule. \"Heavy workout is not recommended during Ramzan but many youngsters get used to it. Some people also increase the intensity of workout in a bid to lose weight. People directly arrive after finishing their night prayers,\" he said. He however expressed that even if health conscious people do not workout during Ramzan, they can stay healthy if they are fasting and working out regularly during the remaining 11 months.For the youngsters, fasting and maintaining a light workout routine during Ramzan is extremely beneficial. \"Fasting during Ramzan helps in bringing weight gain under control. Workout can help shed those extra kilos. But if people consume too much food after Iftar or before Saher, then the health benefits accrued are undone,\" said Mohammed Junaid a regular at one of the gyms in Barkas.However at many gyms where men and women share the facility in shifts, the women have to miss out on their workouts during Ramzan. The gyms are closed during the day and are teeming with men from late evening until the closing time well past midnight.As the streets are lit and the markets abuzz during night, there is no problem in keeping the gym open, say gym owners. But they add that it is only for Ramzan that such an exception is made for them by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15369677", "title": "Now, an app to 'unbaby' baby pics on Facebook", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Are you tired of baby pictures which show up on your Facebook feed? Unbaby it!Now you can download a new service that will automatically replace all the baby photos on your Facebook feed with pictures of something more palatable - like cats or album covers, Los Angeles Times reported.The service called Unbaby.me is a photo-replacing plug-in, the brainchild of three New Yorkers Yvonne Cheng, Chris Baker and Pete Marquis who work together in an advertising agency. \"We were having drinks one night after work and were joking around about how Facebook is just lousy with babies, and wouldn't it be funny if you could replace all those photos with cats,\" Cheng was quoted by the paper as saying.The friends contacted a developer to help them make their joke a reality. Cheng said it took about one month from the initial conversation to the launch of Unbaby.me. The plug-in can be downloaded from the Chrome Web store. Once it is running, it will scan your Facebook feed for key words such as \"cute\", \"adorable\" and \"first birthday\"- trigger words that indicate a baby photo may be attached. You can also add your own key words. Then it replaces the baby photo with a different photo from an RSS feed of pictures. The current default feed is cat photos. Cheng insisted that not wanting to see pictures of babies on Facebook does not correlate to not liking babies at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15369243", "title": "Swap of secretaries in finance ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare move, the government on Sunday swapped the portfolios of revenue secretary RS Gujral and expenditure secretary Sumit Bose, signaling a shift in the tax department's priorities from a focus on enforcement, an image it had acquired over the last three years, to one which is taxpayer-friendly.Gujral, a surprise choice for an assignment in North Block during Pranab Mukherjee's term, will, however, continue as the finance secretary, whose primary role is to coordinate budget preparation, in addition to handling the expenditure portfolio.This is so far the most significant change since P Chidambaram returned to the finance ministry on Wednesday and comes on the back of a series of reviews initiated since Mukherjee resigned on June 26 to contest the presidential elections. Since Mukherjee's departure, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who was in-charge of the finance ministry for a little over four weeks, had got the revenue department to suspend its plan to issue a fresh demand notice on Vodafone in addition to getting stakeholder feedback on the controversial general anti-avoidance rules (GAAR).Review of taxation policies for development centres of IT companies and for FIIs is also underway and the PM has admitted to tax issues being an area of concern.Gujral was associated with almost all these decisions and was widely tipped to be moved out of the finance ministry but has managed to stay in North Block. The Haryana-cadre officer is often criticized for failing in his role of reining in revenue service officers, who have traditionally resorted to putting in place a regime which unnecessarily burdens the taxpayer. In several cases, the department did not undertake basic stakeholder consultation.The shift is significant since the government usually refrains from changing the portfolio of the finance secretary, the senior-most officer in the ministry. In the past, a reallocation of the revenue secretary's portfolio has usually been linked to the officer's elevation as finance secretary.In the first three days of assuming charge of finance, Chidambaram has held extensive meetings with top officials of the two revenue boards - the Central Board of Direct Taxes and the Central Board of Excise and Customs.Apart from pushing controversial amendments and unleashing a coercive regime, both the revenue wings have also been way below the tax collection targets so far this year. The two wings were seen to be making feeble attempts to show that collections were positive.Even on other fronts, Gujral is being blamed for not being vigilant in ensuring that over zealous commitments such as capping subsidies at 2% of GDP, which does not reflect the economic and political reality, did not slip into the budget.Collection of direct and indirect taxes has ranged between 6% and 12% against the asking rate of 20-25% to achieve the budget target of over Rs 10 lakh crore. Gujral is also linked to controversial decisions such as holding back tax refunds and leaving crucial posts such as DGs of Income Tax investigation in Mumbai and Chennai vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372832", "title": "Pawan Singh's Veer Balwaan launched", "text": "The superstar of Bhojpuri cinema and a famed singer, Pawan Singh's latest movie 'Veer Balwaan' was launched recently. The muhurath took place with a song recording by Pawan Singh and Kalpana in a studio in Mumbai.Babu Tyagi is the producer of the film whose Andha Kanoon is also set to release soon. The film is directed by Raju. Vinay Bihar has given the music for the film.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15375210", "title": "Gujarat can feed fish food to entire country", "text": "VADODARA: Gujarat has the potential to feed fish food to entire country. This is what Dr B Meenakumari, deputy director general (fisheries) of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi has opined.Dr Meenakumari said this while speaking in a state level stakeholder meet on 'Prospects of Scientific Freshwater Aquaculture' in Gujarat which was organized recently at the regional research centre of the Central Institute of Freshwater Aquaculture (RRC-CIFA), a ICAR institute.Bhubaneswar-based CIFA's RRC is located at the Anand Agriculture University (AAU) campus in Anand district.\"Aquaculture industry is growing at 10 percent,\" she said, adding that Gujarat has huge potential in freshwater aquaculture due its vast natural resources such as land and sweet water.\"The state can feed fish food to entire country if not consumed in the state due to lack of social acceptance for fish food in the state,\" she said, after inaugurating the meet that was held primarily to know the status and to assess the opportunities of different aquaculture technologies in order to boost production and productivity of freshwater aquaculture in the state.All stakeholders including academicians, researchers, administrators, development officers, progressive farmers, NGOs and traders were invited for this meeting in which AAU vice-chancellor Dr A M Sheikh, deputy commissioner of fisheries of Gujarat government and director of CIFA remained present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368254", "title": "Pune to get eco-friendly biomass crematorium", "text": "PUNE: The city's first energy-efficient, eco-friendly and pollution-free biomass gasifier crematorium is set to come up at Kailash crematorium soon. The Rs 35 lakh unit uses wood chips instead of electricity with highest efficiency and less cost.\"About 125 kilos to 150 kilos of wood chips are required to incinerate one body in a biomass gasifier. As against this, the usual open air fire consumes about 500 to 600 kg fire wood. Hence, the new facility is economical and environment-friendly at the same time,\" said PMC executive engineer M P Shinde.Wood burning in conventional cremation is very inefficient and creates pollution and bad smell. The gasifier converts wood chips into combustible gas which is then burnt by a special burner. Flames could be as long as 7 ft and are controlled as per requirement. Consumption of wood chips is proportional to the intensity of flame, so there is no waste of wood.The gasifier crematorium consists of a wood gasifier, burner, cremation dome and a trolley. A burner is fitted to one end of a fixed dome which is laid with refractory cements inside. The body is kept on the trolley and pushed into the dome. The dome contains a pair of entry doors through which the trolley can be pushed inside the dome.Importantly, any type of fire wood can be used, provided it is in the form of chips. High temperature can be attained inside the dome as soon as the burner flame is on. This helps burn the body fast. Besides, the system helps collect only the ash of the body unlike the open wood burning method where wood ash mixes with body ash.\"Every day, we need to cremate three to four unclaimed bodies. So initially, we plan to use the technique for unclaimed and decomposed bodies,\" Shinde said.The city has gas-based, diesel-based as well as electric crematoriums. The expenses for using an LPG gas based technique for cremating a body is Rs 2,000 while an electric crematorium is cheaper with a cost of Rs 320 per body. But operators need to keep the electric furnace on all the time to maintain temperature inside. This results in waste of electricity. Similarly, diesel-based cremation costs between Rs 1,500 and Rs 2,000.\"The biomass gasifier technique requires about 125 kg wood which results in an expense of just Rs 750. The moment flames stop, burning of wood chips inside the gasifier stops. This way firewood is saved,\" Shinde said.PMC officials led by deputy commissioner Sunil Kesari recently visited a few such facilities managed by a private enterprise in Hyderabad. Shinde said that if approved, the company will be given space at Kailash crematorium to set up a biomass gasifier. The company will be assigned the task of running and maintaining the facility for the next three years, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15370479", "title": "Witnesses turning hostile worrying trend, Supreme Court says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has expressed concern over the recent trend of witnesses turning hostile in high profile cases, saying this is a \"disturbing\" factor faced by courts is eroding faith in the judicial system.\"Reasons are many for the witnesses turning hostile, but of late, we see, especially in high profile cases, there is a regularity in the witnesses turning hostile, either due to monetary consideration or by other tempting offers which undermine the entire criminal justice system and people carry the impression that the mighty and powerful can always get away from the clutches of law thereby, eroding people's faith in the system,\" Justice S Radhakrishnan said.The court's remark came while passing its verdict in the infamous BMW hit-and-run case, convicting 34-year-old Sanjeev Nanda under the stringent provision of culpable homicide not amounting to murder for mowing down six people with his car in Delhi in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15370172", "title": "TP Nivas's friends pay off his Rs 19L debt", "text": "KOZHIKODE: While the world around celebrated Friendship Day with gifts, vows and parties, at the TP Nivas in Onchiyam, it was a solemn day of remembrance. On Sunday, hundreds of people flocked at the residence of slain RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan and rekindled their friendship vows by paying off all debts of their bosom friend. They together raised Rs 19 lakh from among themselves to repay TP's Rs 10-lakh housing loan and his other debts.Upholding the true spirit of friendship, many CPM members defied party diktats to attend the function. A Mohammed Saleem, local committee member of CPM at Karuvattur, handed over the loan clearance certificate issued by the bank to TP's wife K K Rema in the presence of Rema's father K K Madhavan and son Abhinand.Rama told TOI that the gesture was a very touching experience. \"It shows that true friendship is immortal and that no force on earth can wreck the sincere bonds of life,\" she said.Though Rema initially was reluctant to accept the financial support, she later bowed to the wishes of her husband's friends. The family had moved in to the new house on July 9.Writer Civic Chandran, who attended the function, said the turnout at the solidarity meet organized at Onchiyam was unbelievable. \"There was no major preparation, but friends of TP, cutting across party lines, came on their own to make up a crowd of over 5,000,\" he said. Though the friends and well-wishers of TP who met at the sports council hall during a remembrance meeting in May had hoped to collect Rs 5 lakh as fund, it soon swelled to Rs 19 lakh. They had accepted contributions from only close friends of the leader and no public fund collection was done for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15367698", "title": "Hunt for suspects begins in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hunt for terror operatives who triggered the August 1 serial blasts in Pune has begun in Gujarat. The Pune police have contacted the anti-terrorist squad of Gujarat and the city crime branch in this regard.The hunt in Gujarat was triggered by a piece of evidence recovered by the Pune police during investigations. Crime branch officials said, \"The bombs in Pune were planted on bicycles parked near the target spots, much like the serial blasts of 2008 in Ahmedabad. The cycle shop-owner in Pune who had sold the cycles to two persons, aged between 25 and 30, has told the investigating agencies of Maharashtra that the yet-unidentified operatives spoke in Hindi and Gujarati.\"Based on this revelation the Pune police sought the assistance of Gujarat ATS and city crime branch. \"Two sketches of the suspects have also reached the police agencies here to help track them down,\" said a city crime branch official.A senior Gujarat police official said, \"The sketches sent to us seem to have features that match with people from the North Eastern states. It is possible that the sketches may be of some people who have settled in Gujarat and so they spoke in Gujarati. We are trying to track down more information through our human intelligence network.\"\"Coincidentally, the blast at Pune took place at a time when one of the main accused of 2008 serial blasts, Mujib Shaikh, is in our custody. We have brought him to Gujarat on transfer warrant from Madhya Pradesh police. Shaikh has revealed much during narcoanalysis performed on him at the directorate of forensic science, Gandhinagar ,\" the official said. On Sunday, Mujib, a resident of Juhapura, was formally arrested by crime branch in the serial blasts of Ahmedabad. His family members were intimated by police of his arrest in this case.Right before that two more accused - Dr Abu Faizal and Mahboob Shaikh - both from MP, were also brought to Gujarat. The duo is also in custody of the crime branch. A total of 17 IM operatives were caught by MP police in November 2011.\"We will question the three accused, who are in our custody, on the Pune blasts and other modules of IM in Gujarat. The sketches will also be shown to them. After we arrested 62 IM members in connection with the 2008 serial blasts of Ahmedabad, these three were among the absconders. Dr Faizal, who is a medical practitioner, was working secretly to rebuild IM. It is possible that he knows about the Pune blasts and the operatives who planted the bombs,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15374978", "title": "Nayan-Gopichand film starts in September", "text": "Nayanthara and Gopichand are all set to start shooting for their film, a Tamil-Telugu bilingual. While the Telugu version will go on floors in September, the Tamil one will take a while to start.A source says, \"This is the same film that was supposed to have been directed by Boopathy Pandian. But the director and the producer had a difference of opinion over the script, and Boopathy was replaced by Sri Vasu. However, the script and the cast will remain the same.\"Nayan and Gopichand will start shooting for the Telugu version, titled Jaganmohan IPS , from September in Hyderabad.The source adds, \"The makers are in talks with a couple of directors in Kollywood to helm the Tamil version.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15370084", "title": "Mystery shrouds missing baby case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a mysterious case, joint secretary of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) Geetha Babu has alleged foul play after an abandoned child whom she handed over to the police on Friday went missing from the Vanchiyoor Police Station on Saturday.The 18-month-old boy was found by the complainant while travelling in a KSRTC bus from Pirappancode, where she lived, to East Fort on Friday.But when she contacted the station on Saturday, she was baffled by the response of the police, who said that they were not aware of any such incident. Following this, Geetha met city police commissioner T J Jose and filed a complaint. The Fort police have registered a case in this regard.According to her complaint, a woman boarded the bus carrying the baby and two bags at Vattappara. Since there was no seat available in the packed bus, Geetha offered her seat. But she declined the offer and instead asked her to keep the baby on her lap until the bus reached East Fort.When the bus reached East Fort, Geetha found out that the mother was missing. While searching for the woman, she came across a police party who introduced themselves as officers attached to Vanchiyoor Police Station. When Geetha described the incident, they asked her to go to the station with the child. Following this, the two, accompanied by a woman civil police officer went to the station in an autorickshaw while the policemen followed them in a jeep.Since all other officers had gone to Vilappilsala where the locals were staging an agitation, Geetha left the baby with the officers who accompanied her. But on Saturday, when she contacted the station, she was told that they were not aware of any such incident.\"We don't have any idea about her complaint. Such an incident has not taken place,\" said Vanchiyoor sub inspector D Suresh Babu.On Sunday, the police recorded the statement of Geetha and interrogated her for several hours. They also examined video footages from surveillance cameras installed at East Fort. But they have not come across any footage that shows her carrying the baby or the police jeep.A senior officer leading the investigation said that the Vanchiyoor police do not use blue jeeps as described in her complaint. Instead, they use white Mahindra Bolero SUVs. The police are also inquiring whether the complaint raised by Geetha is genuine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15367817", "title": "Wait for vendor-free zone gets longer", "text": "BHOPAL: Wait for another three months to see New Market and Chowk Bazaar hassle-free vendor-free zone, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials said.After dividing the city into three zones-red, yellow and green-for movement of vendors and to facilitate traffic movement of the city, the hawkers were to be removed from the market by July 16 this year.\"We are facing a lot of opposition from the hawkers when we seize material from New Market and other red zones,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"Every day we try to vacate this place but the hawkers turn up. We have offered them place on the road behind New Market, they are reluctant to move. We will implement our plan soon, but it will take another three months to make the red zones hawker-free areas,\" he added.This was to be implemented from July 16 this year. However, protest from vendors to leave their respective areas has caused the delay, officials said.Marked as a 'red zone' for vendors by the BMC, the market would be banned for the hawkers. As per the plan, only registered vendors would be allowed to do business in some select localities of Bhopal. Except from 6 pm to 9 in the night, no vendors would be allowed in Arera Colony and Char Imli and other residential localities, which is marked as a 'yellow zone'.The proposal was initiated by the Urban Administration and Development department in 2011. Following this, Bhopal has been divided into three zones.The red zone is a no-vending zone where vendors will not be permitted. The red zone includes entire BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh inside and outside the New Market, Chowk Bazaar, Loha Bazaar and some more interior areas of the old city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15370043", "title": "Siliguri-Darjeeling toy train run to resume soon", "text": "DARJEELING: Direct toy train services between Siliguri and Darjeeling are likely to resume by the end of 2013. Coming under fire from the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) MLAs over the lack of infrastructure in the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (DHR), railway minister Mukul Roy announced this at Darjeeling on Sunday. The GJM leaders also demanded that the Darjeeling Mail be extended up to Gulma, which falls within the territory of the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA). They also demanded that the Gulma station be renamed Darjeeling Road.It was the first official programme for Bimal Gurung, chief executive of the GTA and its other members. During the oath-taking ceremony on Saturday, the GJM leaders had received a number of sermons on how to behave in a responsible manner. A day after, it was their turn to remind the railway minister how the DHR - a Unesco World Heritage Site - has been neglected.\"During our childhood days, there used to be a large number of services of the toy train. Today, there are only a few services. Infrastructure has not been developed. The Darjeeling station has no mention that it is home to a World Heritage Site. Even the plaque at the New Jalpaiguri (NJP) station has disappeared. The DHR requires a lot of care. It was the first industrial site in Asia to have been inscribed as a World Heritage Site, but the Indian Railways haven't come up with plans for its conservation. A director has been appointed to the DHR, but he has to commute to Darjeeling every day from Siliguri, said Rohit Sharma , MLA, Kurseong.Gurung pointed to how the Tindharia workshop and the tracks there were devastated during the last major earthquake in the area.\"Ever since we began our agitation, we have been demanding that the Gulma station be renamed Darjeeling Road and trains like the Darjeeling Mail, Mahananda Express and Kanchanjungha Express start from there. I would also urge the railway minister to level the DHR tracks that cross National Highway-55 for the benefit of motorists and reserve more quotas in trains from this area,\" Gurung said.According to Darjeeling MLA Trilok Dewan, development of the Gulma station will lead to socio-economic development of the area.\"In the GTA Agreement, there was a clause to extend the broad-gauge line up to Sukna. This isn't possible due to the non-availability of space. We want the Gulma station to be developed instead, so that people don't have to travel all the way to NJP from Darjeeling,\" he said.Roy said that the proposal to rename Gulma station has been sent to the ministry of home affairs. The general manager of Northeast Frontier Railway will decide the operational feasibility of running long-distance trains from there.\"We are trying to connect the hills of Darjeeling by rail. Several surveys, including the one between Sevoke and Mirik are already over while others are underway. All these projects will lead to development. We are also working on a budget hotel and a functional centre at the Darjeeling station. Several development projects are also on in Kurseong. The ministry of road transport has already cleared Rs 55 crore for the repair of the stretch of NH-55 near Tindharia. I also promise that we will resume services between Darjeeling and Siliguri by the end of 2013,\" Roy said.During the day, Roy flagged off two toy train services between Darjeeling and Ghum and Darjeeling and Kurseong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15368089", "title": "'Adopt holistic perspective towards development'", "text": "MARGAO: Former head of the department of journalism at the Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University of Journalism, Bhopal , Kamal Dixit who now heads the Grassroots Institute, a Himachal Pradesh-based organization working for the emancipation of marginalized communities, has called upon NGOs, voluntary organizations and stakeholders in Goa, to adopt a \"holistic perspective\" towards sustainable development so as to build a value-based society.Speaking exclusively to TOI during his recent visit to the state to lecture writers and media professionals, Dixit strongly advocated the need to \"strengthen communities and changemakers at the grassroots level\" so as to ensure that the benefits of development percolate down to the lowest strata of the society.Grassroots Institute focuses on marginalized and excluded social groups in an attempt to bring them into the mainstream sphere of development. \"The problem with our society is that we have accepted a false model of development to improve our economic conditions. There has been a phenomenal rise of the middle class since independence. But the rise of middle class has also marked a sharp decline in social morals, human values and cultural ethos. Though it has led to rise in consumerism, it has only weakened the social and spiritual fabric of the society,\" Dixit said.Calling for media-intervention to bring about this \"attitudinal change\" in society, Dixit lamented that media was largely \"non-reactive\" when it came to issues concerning marginalized and deprived communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15374825", "title": "Firing outside GIP mall in Noida, two injured", "text": "NOIDA: Two persons were injured in a shootout during a robbery attempt outside Great India Palace mall on Monday, police said.A guard and an auto driver were injured when four persons opened fire while trying to rob a woman outside Gate number four of the mall situated in Sector 18, they said.While a group of auto drivers present at the scene managed to nab two of the miscreants, two others escaped.The injured were rushed to a local hospital, police said, adding that a hunt has been launched for the absconding accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369676", "title": "Commissariat Road will be one-way", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's shopping enclave around Magrath Road and Commissariat Road will witness sweeping changes in traffic flow. Increasing jams and confusion in the area have prompted traffic police to make these changes, which will be enforced anytime this week.Traffic on the Commissariat Road stretch, linking Garuda Mall and the Karnataka Football Association, will be made one-way. Currently, vehicles are permitted in both directions on this stretch, making the mall accessible from both sides.Already, the Commissariat Road stretch from Residence Road to Garuda Mall junction is one-way.MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), confirmed they are all set to enforce the new arrangements.\"Work is on at Hosmat Hospital and Lifestyle junctions to create more space for vehicles turning deep right. Once it's done, we will officially announce it,\" he said.TRAFFIC TROUBLE ZONEThe Garuda Mall junction has been a traffic trouble spot for some time. Two years ago, traffic flow directions had been reversed following BWSSB work. Unlike usual city roads, vehicles here keep to the right instead of the left.The arrangement sows seeds of doubt even in the seasoned drivers, often resulting in minor accidents. Motorists coming from Commissariat Road are expected to move to the right side of the road in front of the mall even as traffic coming from the opposite side occupy the left side, creating confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15368141", "title": "Youth slashes cabbie\u2019s neck after dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: A 19-year-old commuter was arrested by the Tilak Nagar police after he had a dispute with a taxi driver and slashed him on the neck with a knife late on Saturday.Dilipkumar Yadav, the accused, had hailed a cab outside Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT). He told the driver, Krishnadev Maurya (28), to ferry him to the Kurla-Kamani area, where he wanted to buy a few things. The dispute arose around 11 pm when the two were on their way back to LTT, where Yadav's mother and sister were waiting for him.\"There was a traffic snarl which delayed Yadav. Maurya and Yadav then had an argument over which route to take. Yadav objected to Maurya taking the Sion route to reach LTT,\" a police official said. At one point, Yadav wanted to stop by to answer nature's call. \"But the taxi driver asked him to wait as he couldn't stop immediately. When Yadav couldn't take the bickering any longer, he whipped out a knife and slashed Maurya on his neck,\" the official said.Maurya later complained to the Tilak Nagar police who lodged a case of 'attempt to commit murder' against Yadav. Yadav was arrested early on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368262", "title": "7 \u2018terrorists\u2019 acquitted by Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to Delhi Police, the Delhi high court has upheld acquittal of seven alleged terrorists on the ground they were nabbed after a \" fake encounter\" in 2005 and were falsely implicated.A bench of Justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg upheld the acquittal, dismissing the police appeal against the trial court's verdict. The court, however, modified the trial court's order for registration of an FIR against four policemen for faking the encounter and giving false evidence.\"It is improbable that the investigating team consisting of more than 15 police officers of different ranks from different police stations would conspire against accused residing at different places to falsely implicate them,\" the bench observed.\"The petitioners cannot be punished before they are found guilty...The commissioner of police is directed to inquire into the role and conduct of the petitioners in the investigation of the case and take appropriate action in accordance with statute/rules,\" it said.Police claimed they had nabbed four of the seven accused after a shootout on the intervening night between July 1 and 2 in 2005 near Delhi-Gurgaon border, and had seized a huge cache of arms and ammunition. The remaining three were arrested later. Acting on a tip-off that the accused, planning a strike in Delhi and its satellite towns, including Gurgaon, would be coming to the capital, cops had been lying in wait for them. As the accused, later identified as Saqib Rehman, Nazir Ahmed Sofi, Gulam Moinuddin Dar and Bashir Ahmed Shah, did not stop their car, they were chased by a team led by sub-inspector Ravinder Tyagi, who fired from his service revolver in response to firing by Saqib, police said.Police said they had recovered one AK-47 rifle, two magazines, 130 live cartridges, 2 hand grenades and 3 UBGL grenades at the instance of Saqib and this crucial evidence was ignored by the trial court. The lower court had acquitted all the accused saying the alleged encounter did not take place at all and a false encounter was projected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15369137", "title": "Jagadish Shettar to inspect Suvarna Soudha", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will inspect the Suvarna Soudha in Belgaum on Monday.From Hubli, Shettar will arrive in the city at 8am and inspect the ongoing works at the Soudha.He will then go back to Hubli.Earlier when former chief minister Sadananda Gowda inspected Suvarna Soudha, he said that the civil works of the building were over and only interior works were to be done.He had also mentioned quoting the engineers that the building will be ready by June end.However, even after July, works at the Suvarna Soudha are yet to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372393", "title": "Minissha Lamba is an expert whistler", "text": "If you thought whistling was only a man's domain, think again. Minissha Lamba is as feminine as feminine gets, but she has a flair for whistling too. She is an expert at whistling the entire tune of a son, from mukhda to antara.So far she has defeated every man who's dared to pick up the challenge. She proudly says, \"When I was a kid, I used to whistle just for fun. I used to try my best to whistle the tune of the song. My grandfather used to constantly scream at me saying that, it's unbecoming of a girl to whistle. And when I am told not to so something I go ahead and do it with a vengeance. Today I can whistle symphonies and movie scores as well \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15368185", "title": "Central Electricity Regulatory Commission orders inquiry into power grid failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has ordered a probe into the massive failures of power grids on July 30 and 31.The grid collapse affected power supply in millions of households and an estimated 20 states and two union territories had a blackout during the crisis. The regulator, which is in the eye of a storm in the collapse's wake, has sought a detailed report from Power Grid Corp CMD and Power Systems Operation Co Ltd (POSOCO) chief executive officer. CERC officials said the report has to be submitted by August 8.\"We direct the CEO, POSOCO and CMD, Central Transmission Utility, to investigate the incidences of grid failure on July 30, 31,\" the regulator said, in an order passed on August 1. The report should include antecedent frequency situation, conditions of outage at inter-regional and inter-state lines before the grid disturbance and details of the sequence of events as maintained by regional load despatch centres.The collapse of Northern, Eastern and Northeastern grids impacted over half of India's population. Northern Grid, which caters to over 30 crore people, first tripped on July 30 and then again on July 31 around 1pm.\"This has affected communication, essential services, industry, economy and the life of people in a large way. Grid failure of such a magnitude on two consecutive days is alarming and needs to be investigated,\" the order said.The three-member panel, headed by CEA chairman A S Bakshi, is likely to submit its report in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368009", "title": "Business prospects driving up the C-sections numbers?", "text": "JAIPUR: Is it the prospect of business or simply lack of facilities and equipment at government hospitals that is driving up the number of C-sections at private hospitals?Despite private hospitals strongly denying the business angle, several reports say otherwise.According to a social organization -Society for All Round Development (SARD), Rajasthan - private hospitals seem to take up C-sections as a business. SARD claimed that it has recorded many cases of normal deliveries which private hospitals had recommended for C-sections.\"We have sought details through RTI to know more about C-sections in private and government hospitals,\" SARD secretary Brijmohan Sharma said.He said the high numbers of C-sections in private hospitals hinted that there is a business purpose involved. \"Each caesarian delivery cost somewhere between Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000 depending on the standard of the hospital,\" Sharma said.Besides, government gynecologist Dr Shaitan Singh said, \"Every month, two to three cases come to me who was advised for caesarian deliveries when it could be normal deliveries. Except in some 2-3% of the total deliveries, C-sections deliveries are necessary for safe maternal and infants' life because of some complications. In our textbooks too, it is mentioned that 97% deliveries are normal deliveries.\"But, the Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Association (PHNHA) denied any such business purpose in the C-sections conducted in private hospitals. PHNHA secretary Dr Vijay Kapoor said, \"There are some black sheep in every community but it is not the reason of high caesarian in private hospitals. The basic reason is the quality of service which the private hospitals are providing.\"He said the private hospitals provide 24 hours service with more facilities.'In some cases, risk to baby a concern'Jaipur: Deliveries through C-sections have all the surgical risks as any other surgery, gynecologists said.\"The deliveries done by C-sections are equally risky like any other surgeries,\" affirmed Jaipur's Zanana hospital acting superintendent Dr Ranjana Jain.She said there are two reasons for C-sections. \"One is absolute while the other is a relative reason. In absolute, there is no other option except for C-section while in relative there are options available for the doctors and the patient whether to go for C-section keeping in mind the safety of baby and the mother. In some cases, we avoid risk to life of the baby and the mother and delivery is done by C-section,\" Dr Jain said.She further said C-section procedure has been increased due to several reasons. One being efforts by the government to find out high-risk pregnancies to reduce maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate. So, in high-risk pregnancies, C-sections are done, Dr Jain said. Increased diagnoses of fetus disorders and increasing cases of becoming mother in 30s and 40s are also the reasons of increasing C-Sections.Dr Jain said some pregnant women also opt for C-sections to avoid labour pain.\"Figure varies according to the proportion of high-risk cases admitted from the area served. Therefore, it is not possible to compare the figures of C-sections done in different hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15368111", "title": "Compound wall collapse rocks Sangolda VP meet", "text": "CANACONA: The gram sabha of the Sangolda village panchayat held on Sunday morning witnessed a record turn-out of villagers.After the gram sabha approved the minutes of the previous gram sabha, members raised various queries regarding the building of a compound wall at the Sangolda football ground. The compound wall recently collapsed barely a few months after it was built.A resolution was adopted by the gram sabha to appoint a committee to conduct an inquiry into the reasons for the collapse of the compound wall. Earlier, while sarpanch Nilkanth Naik said that around Rs 18 lakh was spent on constructing the compound wall, a member claimed that the state government had sanctioned Rs 33 lakh for the project. The sarpanch also added that a number of well-wishers from the village had also contributed towards the development of the ground.A member of the gram sabha urged the panchayat to maintain a record of all those who make such donations for community facilities. Another resolution was approved to ask the BDO to conduct an inquiry into the work of the engineer and contractor who constructed the compound wall.Many of the members also raised queries over the incomplete drainage works and other developmental activities in the village. Sarpanch Nilkanth Naik said many of the works were incomplete because of a lack of funds. He also explained that many of the projects were delayed because of the prolonged code of conduct due to elections in the first half of this year. The gram sabha later also approved the annual budget of Rs 63.95 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369699", "title": "Sukhmani, Deepika help moms develop \u2018bond\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Celebrated from August 1 to 7, World Breastfeeding Week is marked in more than 170 countries to encourage breastfeeding and improve the health of babies around the world.With the Week already under way, city's two mothers \u2014 Sukhmani Sidhu and Deepika Singla \u2014 are doing their bit to make a positive difference. These moms are part of a support group comprising 10 people formed by a hospital to create awareness among new mothers about breastfeeding and educate them regarding its importance.Besides spelling out advantages of breastfeeding, Sukhmani says her motivation to join the group was to help every mother enjoy and develop the bond between her and her child \u2014 and tell them that this can only be possible with breastfeeding.Mother of two children, five-year-old Harangad Singh and four-and-a-half-month old Ekjasfateh, Sukhmani says, \"Though I read about the benefits of breastfeeding when I was pregnant, my doctors educated me more on it and motivated me. Now, I believe breastfeeding is what we are biologically meant to do.\"She adds, \"Breastfeeding comes with a lot of benefits for both baby and mother. Studies show a history of breastfeeding is associated with a reduction in the risk of many diseases, including obesity, diabetes and sudden infant death syndrome. But for us the biggest thing is just having a happy healthy baby and breastfeeding ensured that.\"Statistics say malnutrition is responsible, directly or indirectly, for about one third of deaths among children under five. Well above two thirds of these deaths, often associated with inappropriate feeding practices, occur during the first year of life.Another supermom Deepika Singla, who is mother of a three-year-old daughter Lavanya, believes breastfeeding needs to be valued as a benefit which is not only good for babies, mothers and families, but also great for saving the future of a nation. She says, \"When I delivered my daughter my mother Prabha Bansal and mother-in-law Veena Singla told me the innumerable benefits of breastfeeding. Since my baby was weak, I was very tensed about her health and growth. But within few months of breastfeeding I began to notice the benefits of breastfeeding as her weight increased and her health improved.\"She adds, \"I believe breastfeeding also helps develop a stronger bond with the baby, besides helping the mother lose pregnancy weight, producing hormones that help her to feel more relaxed, and reduce the risk of breast cancer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15367765", "title": "Power row: CM may meet PM today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Under a relentless barrage of criticism from opposition parties over the grim power situation in the state, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has sought an appointment with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday to discuss the crisis arising out of diversion of KG Basin gas to Maharashtra.Sources said the CM, during his proposed meeting with Singh, would raise the issue of gas meant for Andhra Pradesh being diverted to Maharashtra. Kiran would lead a delegation of Central ministers and MPs from the state to the PM. The CM has also decided to write another letter to the PM complaining about the raw deal meted out to AP by the Centre's Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) in cutting gas supplies. There has been no response to Kiran's letters to the PM and the Union ministers for power and petroleum on the issue.The CM, who reviewed the situation on Sunday with senior officials after the gas supply cut forced 14 plants in the state to shut down, resulting in a loss of 400MW of power, said that the interests of the state were of paramount importance and the Centre's decision on August 1 to divert Reliance gas from KG Basin to the Ratnagiri power plant in Maharashtra was unacceptable. The CM is also likely to call on Union power minister Veerappa Moily and explain the power woes of the state.As per the quota, AP was receiving 3.48MMSCMD (million metric standard cubic metre a day) gas as against an assured commitment of 6.8MMSCMD. Sources said that, after the latest cut in gas supplies, the state hardly receives 1.48MMSCMD. \"The reduction in gas supply has led to a difference of 50 million units between demand and supply of power,\" a senior official pointed out. While the total installed capacity of gas-based power plants is 2,700MW, the output stands at 1,100MW due to reduced gas supply. Sources said that the generation could further go down to 700MW.While Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy expressed his inability to intervene in the matter, the move to divert gas to Maharashtra continued to draw sharp criticism both from the ruling and opposition parties. \"How could the Centre divert gas from KG Basin to other states without keeping in mind AP's requirements? This happened only because of the inefficiency of the state government as well as of the Congress MPs and ministers,\" said TDP MP Nama Nageshwar Rao. He criticised the five central ministers and Congress MPs from the state for remaining silent on the 'injustice' done to the state. \"How can Jaipal Reddy wash his hands of the matter saying he had no role in getting the gas diverted? He should be able to get the gas for AP or quit,\" the TDP leader said.Speaking to newsmen in Vijayawada, CPI leader K Narayana said they would organize an all-party meeting in Hyderabad on Monday to discuss the issue. In a related development, the energy department of AP government has approached the Centre for strengthening the transmission corridor to meet the demands for power. \"Senior officials of the power sector visited the Union power ministry in Delhi to pursue the case for strengthening of the corridor,\" M Sahoo, principal secretary, energy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369259", "title": "Police circular creates a flutter", "text": "MANGALORE: Have police clamped down on parties in Mangalore to prevent recurrence of the recent attack on a birthday party? The answer seems a yes.A circular issued by Panambur police to three entities a few days after the Morning Mist Home Stay attack incident, suggests caution. The police circular issued to a company looking after the beach states: ``This is to inform you that you should take steps to see that no illegal rave parties and weekend parties are held at Panambur beach in the Panambur Station limits.Also, while organizing any other programmes, you should take prior permission from the departments concerned and also inform the police in advance. You will be held responsible for any untoward incidents that occur due to non-compliance. Also you have to keep a watch on the boys and girls and also tourists who visit the beach and inform us in case of any kind of trouble.''Another circular issued to an entity in that area having a guest house asks it not to allow any parties or in case a party is being held, police has to be informed.\"I received the police notice a couple of days back. How can police direct us not to have a party inside the guest house,'' asks the source, without wanting to be identified.Police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh, denied that any such circular was sent. ``There's no problem in holding parties if the organizers get temporary (liquor) licence,'' he said noting that after the Malpe incident, a group was denied permission to hold a liquor-served party at the beach.When pointed out it was not the question of temporary licence as the police notice does not mention it, but `parties', Singh said: \"If the guest house or club is rented out for commercial purpose, it becomes a public place. This is just a precautionary step for the police to know the location of the party in case of trouble.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15369129", "title": "A knot with a difference", "text": "MADURAI: \"My mother married my father, who is differently-abled, so I want to marry a man who is differently-abled,\" said J Alagamma (22) who attended a matchmaking event for differently-abled people organised in the city on Sunday.Alagamma's father, M Jayapandi, is differently-abled and his wife Prema married him against her family's wishes way back in 1986. Motivated by their story, Alagamma has decided to follow her mother's path. \"She took this decision on her own and I am really proud of my daughter,\" said Jayapandi. During the matchmaking event, 17 alliances were made in which five persons who were normally endowed married differently-abled people.The event was organised by Tamil Nadu Physically Handicapped Association Federation (TNPHAF) along with GMS Foundation, Madurai, and Sairam Matriculation School, Madurai. District collector Anshul Mishra and mayor V V Rajan Chellappa inaugurated the event.S Boopathy, state vice-president of TNPHAF, said the response was overwhelming. There were nearly 400 applications from all nine southern districts and from districts like Salem, Nammakal, Erode, Coimbatore, Villupuram, Cuddalore and Chennai. \"We held a counselling session for the differently-abled on July 22 where we insisted that differently-abled persons should come forward to marry persons with disabilities and look beyond caste, creed and other limitations. The counselling had a positive impact and hence we could achieve 17 alliances in a single day,\" he said.P Simmachandran, state general secretary of TNPHAF, elaborated on the plans for a grand wedding for the differently-abled at Chennai on November 7. The federation hopes 100 couples will participate in the wedding. Another matchmaking event will be held in Chennai on September 1. \"We are planning for the wedding of 100 couples and so far we have secured 25 alliances during the event held in Nammakkal on July 29, another five in Cuddalore and 17 in Madurai. We have invited many orphanages and homes to attend the event to be held in Chennai,\" he said.Rajakumari Jeevagan, president of GMS Foundation, said efforts were taken to sensitise the people to the fact that disability was not inability and that the differently-abled also need marital relationships. She said they needed extra-normal and not \"normal\" partners who could make life meaningful. \"We want to break the stigma over differently-abled people getting married. We should feel they are one among us,\" she said. The joy of parents during this event is remarkable and mixed with high emotions. We are going to organise many such events in the coming days, she added.As a swayamvara has been planned on November 7, TNPHAF has lots of things to prepare for. \"We will do a thorough background check on the credentials of the bride and bridegroom and get a certificate from the local tahsildar stating that it will be their first marriage. In case of divorcees, we will demand divorce documents and in case of death of spouse, we will collect the death certificate of the spouse,\" said Simmachandran. Further, there will be a counselling session for all couples on September 22, including medical counselling, to sensitise them on issues involved in marriage with differently-abled people. TNPHAF will also follow the married lives of the couples to ensure there are no problems he added.For the grand wedding on November 7100 alliances are planned in which 25 were made in Namakkal, five in Cuddalore and another 17 in Madurai. The federation plans for another 40 in the event to be held in Chennai on September 1As the parents have collected details about prospective alliances during the matchmaking, organisers expect the number to reach 100 by NovemberA counselling session for all selected couples will be held on September 22 in which gynaecologists and psychiatrists will educate the couples about marriage and other issues relating to physical disabilityThe grand wedding on November 7 will be held at Geetha Bhavan in Chennai, where the couples will be gifted four grams of gold, 48 gifts and two months' groceriesAll the necessary documents for marriage will be obtained before hand and the marriages will be registered under the Hindu Marriage Act on the spotThe federation has also planned to enrol differently-abled persons for marriage assistance from the governmentThe couples will be followed closely by the federation for the next five years with necessary assistance to lead a smooth life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15369494", "title": "US, Pak join hands against Haqqanis", "text": "WASHINGTON: After over a year of rancorous relations, US and Pakistani authorities are considering to launch joint counter-terrorism operations against the dreaded Haqqani network, which has carried out several attacks on American troops, in Pakistan and Afghanistan.The operations would be intended to help stamp out major security threats facing each country, targeting what the US says are sanctuaries for the Haqqani network in Pakistan, and what Pakistan says are sanctuaries for the Pakistani Taliban in Afghanistan, said officials familiar with the proposal.According to the Wall Street Journal, the plans are considered, at best, promising US officials have long pressed Pakistani counterparts to target the Haqqani group, without success. The United States says the Haqqani network acts like a \"veritable arm\" of the Pakistani military, a charge Pakistan denies.Senator holds up envoy confirmation An influential United States Senator is believed to have put on hold the conformation of President Obamas's nominee for ambassador to Pakistan in the Senate, in an apparent protest against continued detention of a Pakistani doctor who helped CIA trace Osama bin Laden . Rand Paul, the Republican Senator, media reports said, has objected to the nomination of Rick Olson, who was earlier nominated by Barack Obama as his envoy to Pakistan. -- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15369985", "title": "Hotelier involved in drug racket arrested from Indira Gandhi international airport", "text": "JALANDHAR: A hotelier has been arrested by Jalandhar Rural police from Indira Gandhi international airport , Delhi as he returned from UK on Saturday, in connection with recovery of a synthetic drug, methamphetamine -- called ice in common parlance -- worth Rs 200 crore in a racket involving NRIs and influential persons.Hotelier Amanpreet alias Juggu, originally hailing from Punjab but now living in Gurgaon, was running hotels mainly in Delhi and some other cities including Gurgaon. Police said he owned around a dozen hotels.According to police officials, a look-out circular (LOC) had been issued against him and as soon as he landed at the airport from UK -- apparently under the impression that the issue had died down and that he would now be comfortably living in India -- he was arrested. A local court has remanded him to police remand for eight days, said Kartarpur SHO, Inderjit Singh.Juggu is believed to be a very close friend of drug racket kingpin Raja Kandhola, who is still out of police net, even as 18 persons, including four women , have already been arrested. The racket was busted in the first week of June and investigations were being monitored by senior officials.It is learned that Juggu and Raja were working as travel agents and were involved in illegal human trafficking also around a decade back. After making money through human trafficking and cheating several people, Juggu started investing in properties and also started building hotels at various places. A few years back, they started operating the drug racket.\"Juggu was not directly involved in supplying the contraband, but was mainly into managing the proceeds from the drug trade, through investment in property and turning black money into white. He had a knack for investing in property deals from where they would net more money, thus reaping further profits,\" said a police official involved in preliminary questioning of the accused.A senior official said they would soon get details of properties where money from drugs has been invested. Like another racketeer Nishan Singh Toni, Juggu was also well connected, sources said. Toni even enjoyed Punjab police security and was reportedly close to several senior police and civil officials.The sprawling eight-acre farm house where Raja Kandhola used to stay and was even having a laboratory to manufacture synthetic drugs was also owned by Juggu and was in the name of the latter's brother in revenue records. He had given the land to Raja without any paper work, souraces said.Meanwhile, it is learned that police are trying to net around half-a-dozen other persons, all of whom are well off, sources said. Juggu's arrest and subsequent revelations have brought out some uncomfortable facts, including his getting security guards from Punjab police, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373279", "title": "Pawan Singh's daring stunt", "text": "Star of Bhojpuri cinema Pawan Singh is in news these days. For his upcoming movie, 'Rakhela Shaan Bhojpuriya Jawaan', he has done all the stunts himself. The film is produced under Mithila Talkies and Pawan Singh has done some such daring stunts that even the crew member were scared and shocked at the same time.For the movie he jumped from a 40 feet high bridge into the river. This heartthrob has proved that if he can set audiences' heart beating he can also stop it with his terrific stunts.The sequence was shot under the guidance and supervision of Rajpeepla. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15368135", "title": "Man dies at illegal mine, probe begins", "text": "ALWAR: The district administration has launched an inquiry into reports that at a man was killed and another injured in two separate mishaps during illegal mining in Alwar's Bhiwadi and Nakhnol areas on Sunday. However, no FIR has been lodged as yet by the family members of the victims.According to SDM, Bhiwadi, Rajendra Sarsawat, there are reports that 22-year-old Imran alias Nazim was killed while detonating explosives in an illegal stone mine near Chuharpur village in Bhiwadi police station area on Sunday.\"While carrying out explosion, a stone hit Nazim injuring him seriously. There are reports that he was rushed to a private hospital where he succumbed to injuries. However, his family members took away the body while it should have been taken to a government hospital for postmortem,\" Sarsawat said.He added that a police team has been rushed to the village to investigate the matter. The deceased is a resident of Satgaon village near Tavadu police station area in Haryana.However, addl SP, Bhiwadi, Himmat Singh said that the police have no information of death of any labourer.Five labourers had been killed in a mining mishap in the same village on May 17. Following the Supreme Court, there is a complete ban on mining in the area, though it continues unabated.In another mishap, one Samsuddin alias Samsu was injured while working at an illegal mine in Nakhnole area. The labourer is a resident of Bharatpur district. SDM Sarsawat said that he himself visited the spot and found illegal mining taking place there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372296", "title": "Want more Tolly offers: Jaya Ahsan", "text": "Jaya Ahsan, who plays a pivotal role in Arindam Sil's \"Aborto\", was in Kolkata to shoot an ad campaign for a Bangladeshi consumer product. She is also pleased with the final cut of her first Bengali film. She plays Charu in \"Aborto\".\"Whenever Jaya comes to Kolkata, she makes it a point to meet me. She is overwhelmed after watching the final cut of the film. She is also keen to work in more Bengali films. As an actor, she is brilliant. Bickram Ghosh will be scoring for the film, which will hit theatres after the Pujas,\" said Arindam.Meanwhile, Arindam's schedule looks chock-a-block as he has been roped in by directors such as Birsa Dasgupta, Srijit Mukherji and Mainak Bhaumick for their next projects. \"I play the editor of a magazine in Birsa's film, while in Srijit's \"Dozen\", I am one of the 'dozen' characters. These apart, I will start my own production after the Pujas,\" informed the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369675", "title": "Case against Gira adjourned", "text": "LUDHIANA: The case filed against Mohali woman police officer, Raka Gira, under the excise and arms act, was adjourned by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special court here on Saturday as the investigation agency is yet to receive the report from Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), Delhi.The next date of hearing is now slated for September 6. Gira was booked under various sections of the excise Act and the arms Act in August in 2011. The recording of the telephonic conversation, regarding cartridges and foreign liquor, between Gira and some other accused was sent to the CFSL for voice verification.Gira, who was posted as deputy superintendent of police in the neighbouring Mohali district, was arrested by the CBI on July 24 last year, while she was allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs. 1,00,000. She was booked by the CBI in the corruption case and by the Chandigarh police under various sections of the Excise Act and the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15369256", "title": "We have to act now: citizens", "text": "MANGALORE: The concerned citizens of Mangalore under the banner of `Arise Mangalore' on Sunday decided to act as a pressure group and also support the police to the take the cases to the logical end.Prominent speakers decried the incident and tried to analyze the cause and find a remedy.\"The incident is no less than murder. When we have been traumatized, imagine the plight of victims. I have children and grandchildren. Tomorrow it can happen to me when I'm celebrating my grandchild's birthday, if we do not act now.'' - Vinay Hegde |president, nitte education trust\"Are we throwing away brand Mangalore, built painstakingly by leaders? How many goons pay taxes? We do nation building and contribute to the GDP. They (hoodlums) create an environment where business does not thrive.''-Lata Kini| former president, kcci``This is not a disaster. Even Bangalore resisted change. There were attacks on people from other states. Even Mumbai is not an exception. They cannot push the power of middle class, who are aspirational.'- Naren Koduvattat| md, iipoint``Investors ask me `is Mangalore safe?' If this continues, I will not be able to answer them. The police and the families need our support.''-Walter D'Souza| chairman, federation of indian export organisations, southern region", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15370174", "title": "Netas &amp; greens oppose auction of forest land", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The demand to save 1,163 acres of forest land under Nilambur north forest division that falls under the ecologically fragile land (EFL) category is gaining support from political parties and environmental organizations.CPI leader and former forest minister and Indian Union Muslim League leader Panakkad Muavarali Shihab Thangal visited the forest area with party workers on Sunday.The leaders also addressed the one-day fast organized by Munderi Vana Smarakshana Samara Samithi (MVSSS), in association with the Nilambur committee of Sasthra Sahitya Parishath.The age-old long legal battle between the state government and Nilambur Kovilakom (royal family), over the forest land had once again hit the headlines, when the first class additional sub court, Kozhikode, in July, issued an ad for public auction of the land.Following this, the government reiterated that public auction of the forest would not be allowed and that it will move the high court against the auction. Viswom had also demanded the government to take strong steps to prevent the auction.On Sunday, he said that no agency or government can hand over the forest land under EFL Act to private persons. \"Munderi forest land also should not be handed over to any trust or persons through auction,\" he said.Edakkara panchayat president O T James inaugurated the fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368733", "title": "LK Advani's blog adds to BJP's worry at Chintan Baithak", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party patriarch Lal Krishna Advani's latest blog post on the possibility of non-Congress and non-BJP prime minister in the 16th Lok Sabha overshadowed the two-day Chintan Baithak of state BJP leaders, which was called to prepare a blueprint for party's strategy in the state for the 2014 Lok Sabha election. Senior party leaders, who had assembled at Agrasen Bhawan in Agra for the baithak faced volley of questions on BJP's probable prime ministerial candidate.While former BJP chief Rajnath Singh smiled at the queries, national vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi tried to clarify Advani's blog. \"There are no issues or differences on the prime ministerial candidate. Before the elections, BJP and NDA will decide under whose leadership elections would be fought,\" Naqvi told reporters in Agra.UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi was also not far behind. While talking to reporters later in the day, he said, \"PM's post would go to that NDA ally, who gets the maximum number of seats in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.\" It seems the issue raked up by Advani through the post will continue to take the sheen from the Chintan Baithak on the second day also, opined a senior BJP leader.At the baithak, out of the six sessions scheduled, four were held on Sunday.And as highlighted by TOI earlier, it has been decided by the party leaders in principle to stage protest against appeasement policy of the minority adopted by Samajwadi Party government. While addressing the party leaders, national vice-president, Kalraj Misra said, \"The way the Akhilesh-led government had thanked members of particular group after forming the government, the focus on the development of graveyards of only minorities and the way scholarship scheme has been introduce to benefit girls of a particular community, BJP needs to raise voice against such policies and stage protest.\"Bajpayi detailing about the baithak said party workers had been asked to give their suggestions in writing on how to revive the party in the state which sends 80 MPs. \"One of the suggestions that has been made and that has found favour with the party leadership is raising issues of concern to the common man instead of holding rallies and agitations,\" said Bajpayi.To rope in volunteers, party leaders and workers were asked to give 20 names of party workers and another 20 names of those who have a soft corner for the BJP. \"The name, number, address and even facebook ids of such people would be maintained by the party,\" said Bajpayi. Similarly, the BJP is getting videography of the two-day meet to ensure that all the suggestions are replayed.The party also discussed expansion of the organisation in one of the sessions, party spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak said. However, no discussion on the procedure to hold organisation elections in the districts was held. Earlier, 185 leaders got registered for the baithak, which was inaugurated by senior BJP leader Dr Murli Manohar Joshi .The first session was started by senior BJP leader Kesarinath Tripathi and concluded by Ramlal while the second session was initiated by Surya Pratap Shahi and concluded with the speech of Rajnath Singh. Similarly, in the third session, it was started BJP legislative party leader Hukum Singh who started the session, and it was Kalraj Misra who signed it off.The fourth session was started by senior BJP leader Vinay Katiyar and ended by Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi. On an average around two dozen party leaders took part in the debate in each of the sessions, Pathak told TOI. On Monday, the two leftover sessions will be held, the party spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370249", "title": "Booking for railways retiring room to be 'manual'", "text": "NASHIK: Bona fide passengers can book retiring rooms at 27 stations across the country online, but passengers have to visit the dedicated counter at the booking office.Indian Railways has linked the 27 stations so that train passengers to any location can have a room booked at the destination in advance with Nashik, the only one from Bhusawal division, largely benefitting from the huge number of passengers travelling from here.\"As of now, a passenger can book a retiring room personally, only after reaching the station by producing the confirmed railway reservation ticket at the counter. However, the new system allows to you to book the same in advance to ensure you have a peaceful stay. But the issue is that passengers, even if they have booked their tickets on the internet, have to physically come down to the unreserved ticketing system window No. 1 where the facility has been set up for booking the retiring room,\" an official said.He pointed out that another flaw in the system was automatic cancellation of retiring rooms booked on the ticket that has been cancelled. \"The booking of a retiring room is a sensitive issue and hence a proper addresses and phone numbers are taken down. For this reason, passengers have to come to the booking window and present details of the confirmed ticket to book the room. However, as of now, if the ticket is cancelled, there is no direct link to cancel the booking of the retiring room and hence the exact status of availability is not known,\" the railway official said.He said at present the railways do cancellations manually and hence details of cancelled tickets are verified to ensure that bookings are also cancelled. \"This takes time and could result in confusion,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369301", "title": "Dining out is necessity-driven now", "text": "BANGALORE: Eating out has become more of a necessity than fashion in Karnataka, it seems.According to the household survey figures released recently by Directorate of Census Operations, Bangalore, about 3.50 lakh people in the state eat out every day.Surprisingly, eating out habits are more widespread in rural areas than urban agglomerations: 0.6% for rural population and 0.5% for their urban counterparts in Karnataka do not cook at home at all.\"This specifically means that this much of our population eats out every day for various reasons,\" explained an official with the department.The survey for the first decade of 21st century conducted on fuel used for cooking in Karnataka stated that 44% of the state's rural population and 64.3% of the urban population use LPG to cook. However, 27.6% of rural people and 21.2% in urban Karnataka are still using firewood as fuel.WHY OUTSIDE FOOD?Said Prof RS Deshpande, director, Institute for Social and Economic Change: \"More and more people have migrated to cities in Karnataka in the past few years. Single-person households do not prefer to cook at home, as it becomes a little too tedious. Also, there are many joints which provides meals at cheaper rates. Sometimes, if the husband and wife are both working they prefer to eat out or order something at home than cook. Also, ready-to-eat food products are available in market, where you just need to pour hot water on the food product before eating. All these have increased number of people not cooking at home at all.\"Said Suhas Jahagirdar, a software professional and resident of Sarjapur: \"I moved to Bangalore about five years ago. My job profile is such that I work in different shifts. This does not allow me time to cook at home because either I am too tired when I go home or I have to rush to office early the next day. I prefer eating one meal in the office canteen and two meals in a nearby South Indian joint.\"\"It's not that I don't like cooking. My work hours do not give me a chance to cook. On weekends, I prefer to go out with friends. So where is the time to cook?\" said Shalini Mahant, a call centre employee.Nutritionist warns\"Eating out daily can be very dangerous for health. Outside food is full of oil and cooking soda. Both these components can be dangerous, if consumed excess. Eating out can make one obese and lead to hypertension, acidity and diabetes. Especially, eating junk food like burgers and pizzas and Chinese food very often is not advisable. One can eat out may be once in a week.\"Dr Usha Devi C, associate professor, department of food and nutrition, VHD Central Institute of Home ScienceMidnight mealsIf you are in a mood to eat out, then don't worry even it is an ungodly hour. Just dial 80889 22299, and order the food of your choice. Freshly cooked, hot, spicy, veg/non-veg food reaches your doorsteps in less than 45 minutes, depending on how far you are located from Austin Town.Driven by a desire to not let Bangaloreans hit the sack hungry, a team of youngsters operating from Austin Town have started this venture, Midnight Hunger Solution 24X7.With city police not permitting restaurants to stay open beyond 11pm, Bangaloreans have to depend on expensive five-star hotels to eat out during midnight. \"We get minimum 10 calls past midnight daily for food. Our door delivery system has been appreciated by many,\" said Rohith PS, manager of the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367550", "title": "South Mumbai tenants protest 'unjust' hike in lease rent", "text": "MUMBAI: Colaba's independent corporator Makarand Narwekar led a delegation of the Bombay Port Trust(BPT) Residential Tenants' Association to Delhi and met Union shipping minister G K Vasan and MP Milind Deora last week to apprise them of the alleged unjust hike in lease rent to be levied on tenants from October 1.The lessees and tenants, who occupy a major part of 720 hectares of port trust land, and are from Sassoon Dock to Sewri-Wadala, called the hike 'unjust'. About four lakh people who occupy both residential and commercial properties are affected by the rent hike.The Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) passed a resolution seeking to levy market rates of rent and levy penalties for breaches and non-submission of actual occupant lists. The BPT Association membershave alleged the MbPT had failed to implement the SC judgment of 2004 to grant them a fresh lease. Only six leases were granted from 2004 to 2012 out of more than 2,500.\"As per the chairman of the MbPT the lease rent for a 800 sq ft flat will rise from Rs 400 to Rs 2,500 per month. Majority of the tenants are senior citizens, retired pensioners living since 1938 onwards and they are people who have contributed to the growth and development of Mumbai port and the city,\" said Narwekar.Those affected will hold a meeting with Vasan, the BPT chief and the BPT Tenants' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15369578", "title": "Timely intervention of police officials averts communal clash in Bajardiha area", "text": "VARANASI: Timely intervention of police helped in averting a communal clash on Sunday after some mischievous elements tried to create tension in highly sensitive and mixed populated Bajardiha area under Bhelupur police station by slitting the throat of a cow at a lonely place.Angered by the incident the locals blocked the road near Sudamapur crossing while Bhartiya Janata Party MLA from Cantonment assembly constituency Jyotsana Srivastava went on sit in stir demanding immediate arrest of the persons involved in killing the cow. The ADM City MP Singh and SP City SK Singh had to exercise hard with heavy police force in maintaining law and order at the incident site.According to reports, the family of Sunil Singh and Bali Singh, the natives of Shivrajnagar Colony in Bajardiha locality owned a cow.After milking the cow they used to leave it to roam on roads in the locality. Since Saturday night the cow was missing. When the cow did not reach their home at the time of milking in morning they started searching for it. While searching the cow they reached the orchard of Haji Rafi in Chahiya area where the body of cow was lying in a pool of blood in the bushes in a lonely corner.The news of incident spread like a wildfire and large number of people of a community started gathering near Sudamapur crossing.On receiving information of incident the Bhelupur police reached the incident site and ensured early removal of cow's body. The police also stopped the people of this community at Sudamapur crossing, which is considered as the boundary line of the locality of two communities. The gathering of people of one community continued increasing and they also indulged raised slogans after blocking the road in protest against the incident. The ADM City and SP City also reached there with heavy police force and PAC.The in-charges of several police stations were called at the incident site. Before the senior officials could succeed in convincing the locals to take stern action, the local MLA reached there and decided to stage sit-in stir until the killers are arrested. Keeping the possibility of spread of tension due to MLA's decision the officials stayed at the incident site till evening. After exercising hard they succeeded in convincing the MLA to end her stir by assuring to workout the case in 48 hours.It may be mentioned here that the last communal tension had spread in the same Bajardiha locality on the occasion of Holi in March 2009 when some mischievous elements had sprayed colours on the wall of a mosque after, which the people of a community had indulged in violence. Two persons were killed when police opened fire to control the situation. After such incident no incident of communal tension spread in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15369723", "title": "Colour code: Waitresses who dress in red attract more tips", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Waitresses who wear red colour clothes get up to 26% extra in tips from male customers than they would otherwise, researchers have claimed. The findings published in the Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Research, higher tips come only from male customers, while female diners give same amounts for service every time.In their study of 272 restaurant customers, researchers found men gave between 15% and 26% more to waitresses wearing red, while colour had no effect on female patrons' tipping behaviour at all. Previous research has found that red increases the physical and sexual attractiveness of women, the researchers explained. Researchers Nicolas Gueguen and Celine Jacob instructed 11 waitresses in five restaurants to wear the same tee shirt in different colours (black, white, red, blue, green, and yellow) on different days over a six-week period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372115", "title": "Muktodhara's premiere at a city theatre", "text": "When \"Muktodhara\", directed by Shiboprosad and Nandita, had its premiere at a city theatre, it was nothing short of drama.Said Shibu, \"The movie hall was done up like the interiors of a jail and guests, who arrived, including the film's cast and crew, emerged as though they were inmates.\"On the guest list were, of course, the lead actors, Rituparna Sengupta and Nigel Akkara, who even had handcuffs on in keeping with the theme of the movie. Alokananda Roy, on whose experience the plot of the film was partly based, was present at the do too. \"\"Muktodhara\" received a lot of applause and that gave me a high,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15368000", "title": "Time to take decisions: Tuki", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Saturday sent a strong message to his detractors, saying that it was time to take development-related decisions and not just sit and ponder on what will be.\"We have to take strong decisions without worrying about wrong and right. Wrongs can be corrected, but delay in decision-making will delay the entire process of development. We have lost valuable time. We cannot afford to lose more,\" he said, while addressing a gala function to flag off the new academic session of St Claret College at Ziro in Lower Subansiri district.Pointing out some of the important decisions of his government in the last couple of months including that of opening a private university - Indira Gandhi Medical and Technical Sciences University - at Ziro, Tuki said that the government, with its limited resources, will not be able to provide higher and technical education to the youths at their doorsteps, official sources informed.Therefore, he said, it was necessary to rope in private parties to support the government in this endeavor under the private-public-partnership (PPP) mode. \"Under the PPP mode, we will boost our education, health and industry sectors, especially focusing on providing skills to unemployed youths to engage in gainful self-employment avenues,\" he said.The chief minister admitted that tough decisions are bound to bring in criticism but, in the long run, the society and future generations would gain. He cited the example of St Claret College, a private institution run by Catholic missionaries. \"In the initial stages there were apprehensions about its establishment but today it is imparting quality education to more than 500 students from various districts and gaining appreciation each passing year,\" he pointed out.\"Honest decisions and implementation will never go wrong,\" he asserted. Appreciating the Catholic missionaries for running three colleges (Ziro, Aalo and Itanagar ) and innumerable schools educating more than 30,000 youths across the state, the chief minister appealed to the authorities to venture into interior and rural areas where there is urgent need of education.\"In all such noble endeavours, my government will always extend support and cooperation in whatever way possible,\" he said, while assuring to double the grant to such institutions from this financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375183", "title": "Doc calls for an end to bikini waxing", "text": "A doctor has launched an appeal to bring to an end the \"war on pubic hair,\" claiming that it is increasing the risk of infection and of sexually transmitted diseases amongst young people.Emily Gibson, a family physician and head of a student health centre, is trying to reverse one of the fashion trends of the last decade, seen in the explosion of beauty salons offering bikini waxing, laser hair removal and \"vajazzling\"- jewelled decoration of the genitals.\"The amount of time, energy, money and emotion both genders spend on abolishing hair from their genitals is astronomical,\" the Independent quoted her as saying.According to her, the trend was generated by the popularity of bikinis and thongs, \"certain hairless actors and actresses, a misguided attempt at hygiene or being more attractive to a partner.\"As director of the health centre at Western University in Washington State, US, she has seen the consequences.\"Pubic hair removal naturally irritates and inflames the hair follicles, leaving microscopic open wounds. Frequent hair removal is necessary to stay smooth, causing regular irritation of the shaved or waxed area. When that is combined with the warm, moist environment of the genitals, it becomes a happy culture media for some of the nastiest bacterial pathogens,\" she wrote on the US medical website Kevin MD.com .Earlier surgeons used to insist on shaving the area of the body where an operation was to be performed in the misguided belief that it reduced surgical site infections.Now official advice is to leave hair alone, unless it interferes with the operation, and where removal is necessary to use electric clippers for the process.Dr Gibson said that whatever method is used on pubic hair - razor blades, electric shavers, tweezers, waxing, depilatories, electrolysis - \"hair, like crab grass, always grows back and eventually wins.\"In her practice it is not unusual to find patients with boils and abscesses on their genitals from shaving as well as cellulitis , an infection of the scrotum, labia or penis from shaving or from having sex with someone infected.Herpes is also an increased risk \"due to the microscopic wounds being exposed to virus carried by mouth or genitals.\"\"It follows that there may be vulnerability to spread of other sexually transmitted diseases as well,\" she said.\"Pubic hair does have a purpose, providing a cushion against friction that can cause skin abrasion and injury, and protection from bacteria. It is the visible result of adolescent hormones and certainly nothing to be ashamed of or embarrassed about.\"\"It is time to declare a truce in the war on pubic hair and allow it to stay right where it belongs,\" she said.Dr Bav Shergill, Consultant Dermatologist at Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust, said that bikini wax was like one of the fads that catches up and believed that like others it would also pass over a period of time.Bare down there \"is a fashion amongst some groups right now and may pass once people get fed up with the high level of maintenance,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15375357", "title": "Digital music launch of Marathi film Jagran", "text": "Claiming to be the first ever occurrence in Marathi, the music of Sameer Raosaheb directed and Arvind Taware produced flick 'Jagran' saw a digital music launch recently at the hands of popular playback singer Suresh Wadkar. Composed by Adi Ramchandra, the voices behind the melodious tracks of the movie are of Hariharan, Vaishali Samant and Wadkar himself.Speaking on the occasion Wadkar said, \"The movie has a solid storyline. After a long time, I got to croon a song in a high range. Ramchandra's music is impressive and lyricists Shiv Kadam and Prassana Deshmukh have done a wonderful job. The digital launch is a proud moment for Marathi.\"The plot of the movie revolves around a much tapped topic of farmer suicides. But Raosaheb says he has tried to provide answers to the complicated questions that this subject raises in the movie. \"Agriculture plays such an important role in our country but farmers still live a life filled with tension owing to problems such as scarcity of a irrigation systems, electricity supply woes and the constantly changing environment cycle. Such an important aspect of society is neglected and that is what I want to highlight in Jagran,\" says Raosaheb. The film sees young actors Dr Amol Kolhe and Siya Patil in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15373454", "title": "IT, ITeS-BPO attrition drops in India: Assocham", "text": "BANGALORE: Attrition rate has fallen sharply in IT, ITeS-BPO sector to the level of about 15-20 per cent during the last six months of this year as against about 55-60 per cent in the year-ago period, industry body Assocham said today.\"An uncertain global economic environment together with cross-currency fluctuation has compelled the employees to adopt a wait-and-watch policy leading to a sharp decline in the attrition levels in the IT-BPO sector,\" Assocham Secretary General DS Rawat said while releasing the findings of the study.Rate of attrition at all levels of the organisation has seen a fall ranging between 45-50 per cent between January-June, mostly due to a fragile global economy, a recent industry specific survey carried out by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India said.Global economic turmoil has led to a fall in hiring activities and a high employee retention rate could be seen almost across all levels of management and it has come as a blessing in disguise considering that human resource is key to the success of this knowledge-intensive industry, Rawat said.\"Employees are wary of switching over jobs due to continued apprehensions of the economic slowdown being likely to continue for some more time,\" he said.Attrition level is at the minimum of about 5 per cent amid employees with working experience of over 10 years, while it was about 7-10 per cent amid employees having 5-10 years experience and it was about 15-20 per cent amid employees having less than 5 years' work experience, Rawat said.Assocham representatives interacted with about 300 job consultants, recruitment professionals, HR specialists, industrial psychologists and administration officials at various companies in the domain of IT, ITeS and BPO at six leading centres -- Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Gurgaon, Noida and Pune to ascertain the extent of movement in the job market.Majority of respondents in the centres said global economic slump has played spoilsport to the aspirations of employees who have not been able to change their job due to unsatisfactory appraisal as many companies provided a paltry hike during the annual appraisal season.\"Decline in attrition level is a positive sign as frequent job-switching might prove to be fatal for the survival and growth of India's BPO sector,\" Rawat said.The attrition rate is maximum among young and entry level employees as they desire to get hefty pay package ahead of schedule, according to many respondents.Many respondents said they were expanding into smaller towns for cost advantage and sharpening the job skills of folks in tier-III centres with about 25 per cent lower running costs than metros.\"Expanding and relocating to smaller towns is a significant move by BPOs to provide cost advantage to their overseas' clients,\" Rawat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368625", "title": "No-go for realty near Chennai bird reserves", "text": "CHENNAI: Builders will have to steer clear of all areas within a radius of 5km around wildlife sanctuaries in Chennai and surrounding localities. To start with, the forest department has declared areas around three sanctuaries \u2014 Vedanthangal, Karikili and Pulicat \u2014 no-go zones for real estate developers and banned any kind of real estate ventures there.A team of forest officials led by forest range officer R Dhanasekaran explained the restrictions on new constructions and repair of existing structures within 5km of the three sanctuaries to residents, elected representatives including panchayat presidents and village administrative officials of 20 villages, at a meeting organized by the state forest department in Vedanthangal bird sanctuary on Sunday.The restrictions are meant to ensure that there will be no change in land pattern around the sanctuaries because, forest officials said, such changes could stop birds from migrating to the sanctuaries and play havoc with their migratory patterns.Some of the migratory birds that flock to these three sanctuaries are the Little Cormorant, Night Heron, Grey Heron, Spoonbill, Little Egret, Large Egret, White Ibis, Cattle Egret, Pintail, Common Teal, Pond Heron or paddybird, Shoveller Duck, Dabchick, Indian Moorhen, Darter or snakebird, Grey Pelican and Open-Bill Stork.Thandarai, Karunkulazhi, Mangalam, Nellavai Kutt Road, Rettamangalam, Vaiyyur, Perumbakkam and Vellaputhur are among the villages where the restrictions will come into place.\"We organised the meeting on the instructions of wildlife warden V Karunapriya. Such meetings will be held continuously and we will monitor activity in these areas to prevent violation of the restrictions,\" said R Dhanasekaran, forest range officer of the Vedanthangal, Karikili and Pulicat bird sanctuaries.Forest officials said there is a general lack of awareness in these areas, even among village heads and village administrative officers, on laws and rules to protect the environment, animals and birds. The state's department of town and country planning (DTCP) had in August 2011 issued a notice to a developer for not obtaining prior permission to construct a farmland resort less than half a kilometre from Vedanthangal bird sanctuary. The DTCP also sent a notice to Vedanthangal village panchayat president Vasanthi Lakshmi for approving the plot.The area around a bird sanctuary is usually wetland. \"Areas near the sanctuaries are also feeding and breeding grounds for various birds,\" said S Saravanan, chief education officer, World Wildlife India (Tamil Nadu chapter). \"Migratory birds regularly visit sanctuaries only after checking for regular availability of water and identifying if they are suitable for breeding. Such areas should be protected.\"Apart from real estate ventures, restrictions also placed on construction of factories, industrial units and mining in the three sanctuaries. The restrictions are based on a Supreme Court order and instructions from the National Board for Wildlife (NBW) prohibiting any non-forest activities in areas around all sanctuaries.Residents of these areas have, however, been given permission to repair their houses and also to construct new houses if they meet stipulated standards for height and width.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15368162", "title": "Missing children: Dargah police yet to identify accused", "text": "AJMER: Twenty four hours since two kids went missing from the dargah area, police are still clueless about their whereabouts.Due to the poor quality of the CCTV footage of the Solah Khamba and Tripolia Gate, the police have not been able to identify the person who took away two-year-old Sameer from the dargah area. A massive search was carried out on Saturday night inside the dargah and other places such as Taragarh, Anderkot, Jhalwar and the Ajmer railway station to trace the missing child.\"The man in the CCTV footage was wearing a white kurta pyjama, a white cap and sported a beard,\" the police said. As the choice of clothes and facial attributes are common among the public in the dargah region, sources said the suspect has not been identified.Meanwhile, seven-year-old Subodh who had come along with the mother from Kanpur too has been missing.On Sunday morning, the police detained nearly two dozen suspects. A special team also searched Daulat Bagh and Baradari areas, which are frequented by beggars. \"We are also looking into the possibility of child lifting gangs behind the two children going missing from the dargah area,\" said senior police officers.The mothers of both children were inconsolable. Nafeesa, who after a fight with her husband, had travelled to Ajmer from Nagpur, said, \"I came here to offer prayers so that my husband stops drinking. How can I return without my son,\" she asked. Subodh's mother Anita too has been making rounds of the police station.The police have mailed the CCTV footage to police in neighbouring states to nail the suspect who took two-year-old Sameer with him.Where as Anita that lost her 7 year old son Subodh was also depressed and made rounds of police station to get some information about her son. She came from Kanpur after she had fight with her husband and wanted some peace in the dargah region. \"I have informed my relatives and they are annoyed on the issue of Subodh missing\" cried Anita.Failed in getting trace of two small children in the region, police has now mailed the footage of CCTV cameras to different states to get some clue of the man that carried away two year old son Sameer.Police is also looking to the fact that the person who abducted child from a hotel had not entered inside the dargah as last time- about twenty day ago- when a child was stolen from dargah, police managed the footage from CCTV which was the main clue to trap the woman that steal the boy.Even today in the morning, dargah police detained about two dozen suspicious people from different region to get some clue of the man who carried away two year old boy, \"The man which is seen in CCTV footage is wearing white kurta pyajama and white cap and having bearded face' said police. But sources said that such sketch of the suspicious person is common in the dargah region as hundreds of people with same getup come to this place.\"A special team also went to Dault bagh and baradari where beggars made hideout. \"We are till trying to get some clue\" said Vishnu Samtani, Deputy SP of dargah. Police is also looking the motive of stealing boys from this area. \"We have also discussed the gang who steal small kids and taking help of national level agency to get any hint about their modius opperendi\" said high up officials.Meanwhile Nafeesa that came to Ajmer after she got quarrel with her husband Nagpur had informed her relatives about missing child. \"I came here to offer prayers so that my husband leaves liquor. How could I go back to my home without my son\" said Nafeesa that came to police station on Sunday to enquire about the whereabouts of her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15367995", "title": "Theatre stalwarts to perform in Nat Samaroh", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ongoing seven-day theatre festival Nat Samaroh is catering to different genres of dramas and people are flocking Rabindra Bhawan during the evening hours to watch the well-defined plays and laudable performances of the actors.The anticipation of the people will reach its crescendo on Monday and Tuesday as theatre stalwarts like Soumitra Chatterjee and Rakesh Bedi will perform and enthrall the audience with their talent.Theatre in Assam attracts quite a few people in the city, but festivals, which have well-known people performing, tend to draw more people. With its raw portrayal of human emotions at its core, Assamese theatre has gifted the nation with talents like Seema Biswas and Adil Hussein, who have also made a mark in Bollywood. Some have even won national awards. Festivals like these provide upcoming talents with an opportunity to learn and witness some of the finest talents in the business. \"We are getting a great response from people as the plays have been running to packed houses since the commencement of the festival. The city should hold more cultural exchanges so that the new generation can learn about the theatre culture and actors. The government can also take up initiatives to promote more theatre festivals and provide a podium for new talent as well,\" said Chettana Das, noted Assamese actor and comedienne.'Nat Samaroh' is an annual theatre festival organized by 'Nata Surjya', a theatre organization. This year the actor who won the Dada Saheb Phalke Award will take part in the festival in the play 'Homapakhi' written by Amit Ranjan Biswas. \"The play is about an academician Niranjan Ganguly to be portrayed by Soumitra Chatterjee. It is about his recluse nature as a result of his scholarly and philosophical pursuits and his relationship with his wife and family member,\" said Giyasuddin Ahmed, general secretary of Nat Samaroh.\"It is not everyday that theatre lovers can witness talents like Chatterjee and Bedi in the city. Till now I have seen two plays and I am planning to catch others. I will definitely come to see them act on stage,\" said Ranjan Baishya, a theatre lover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15369673", "title": "Surge in c-section deliveries", "text": "LUDHIANA: If figures from the government hospitals are any indicator, more city women now prefer to go under the knife for delivery as compared to last year.Doctors attribute this to demand for delivery without undergoing labour pain, IVF, heavy baby due to intake of fatty diet and inactive lifestyle in women.The figures have doubled in Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector16, as compared to last year. This is the main government hospital in the city which deals with delivery cases. Also figures in the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, have swollen to double as compared to last year.Reasoning that the rise in c-section cases is due to complicated deliveries and also not taking any chance, Dr Anju Huria, head of the gynaecology department, GMCH, said, \"We deal primarily in referred cases which come to us after they have not been dealt with at primary level healthcare. Patients do not want to take risk and demand for c-section.\"And if you think that resting for long during pregnancy and eating a rich diet will come to your aid and you will have a normal delivery, experts will make you think otherwise. Lack of activity and no exercise after 20th week of pregnancy is the reason for caesarean section.As Dr Ritambhra Bhalla, a city-based gynaecologist said, \"Nowadays, most of us do not do any physical activity. The more one exercises there are chances of normal delivery. Also patients do not want to undergo labour pain.\" While there is also admission from the doctors' side that it lessens their risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15369009", "title": "Patratu dam water level rises after heavy rain", "text": "RAMGARH: Water level at the Patratu dam near Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board has risen because of heavy rain in some parts of the neighboring districts.The water level has touched 1,318 reference level (RL), while the capacity of the dam is of 1,332 RL.Sudhanshu Kumar said on Sunday that despite the water-level going up to 1,318 RL, it was still approximately 14 feet below the danger mark. \"We are keeping a close eye on the increase of water level in the dam,\" said Kumar, adding that water level had crossed danger mark last year as well and the situation was not alarming.PTPS general manager Sudhanshu Kumar said on Sunday that despite the water-level going up to 1,318 RL, it was still approximately 14 feet below the danger mark. \"We are keeping a close eye on the increase of water level in the dam,\" said Kumar, adding that water level had crossed danger mark last year as well and the situation was not alarming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15368691", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav promises development for Bakshi ka Talaab, announces bonanza", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday announced a bagful of development initiatives for the Bakshi ka Talaab (BKT) constituency of Lucknow. Akhilesh, who was on his maiden visit to the area after taking over as chief minister, promised to grant secondary school status to a junior high school in Behta village of the constituency. He also ordered the construction of a railway over bridge in Malhaur, an inter college in Sairpur and granted Rs six crore for the beautification of the BKT assembly constituency.Akhilesh was in BKT to inaugurate a public library in the memory of Samajwadi Party thinktank Janeshwar Mishra. He also unveiled the statues of Raj Narain and Shyam Manohar Mishra.Reiterating his party's electoral promises to people, the CM said his government was committed to facilitating better lives for rural masses. Saying that the farm community was important to the government, the chief minister added that the government was working hard to ensure farmers get fair prices for their crops and that fertilisers are made available to them on a priority basis. Also referring to the power crisis in the state, CM said the SP government was working to increase state's production capacity and improve the power distribution system.Akhilesh also referred to the problem of unemployment in the state and said the government was in the process of setting up factories to address this concern. He also spoke about the implementation of SP's manifesto promises -- unemployment doles to 10 lakh persons, Kanya Vidhya Dhan and Rs 30,000 aid to Muslim girls passing class X, among others. Acknowledging the demands made by the Bharatiya Kisan Union, CM said their concerns were being considered and the government would take steps to assist them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367764", "title": "Bombay high court bars polluting industries within 750m of river", "text": "MUMBAI: From September, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) cannot allow a 'highly polluting industry' to come up within 750 metres of a river in its industrial estates.In its recent order, the Bombay high court ruled that no new industry can be established if the state industrial corporation cannot achieve the stipulated effluent discharge standards by August 31. The court was hearing a PIL filed by former BMC corporator Nicholas Almeida challenging the state government's July 2009 notification allowing polluting industries (orange) within 500-750m of a river in areas under the MIDC's jurisdiction. In rest of the state, this stretch along the river is reserved for green industries.The court has directed that associations running common effluent treatment plants (CETP) in MIDC areas will inform the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) about highly polluting industries within four weeks of the order and the latter will initiate action within four weeks thereafter.\"If the highly polluting industries are allowed to discharge effluents which do not meet with the norms, the ultimate action of closure of CETP will result into closure of all the industries in the area,\" states the order warning the MPCB to take serious note of any information about industries discharging effluents received from the association as to also carry out surprise visits and take samples of pollutants. If the association running a CETP finds the effluents sent by an individual industrial unit do not meet the CETP outlet norms, then it can discontinue treating such effluents and the concerned industrial unit shall have to stop all manufacturing activities till it complies with the discharge norms, states the order.The MPCB, in its earlier affidavit before the HC, had said that water quality in 59 rivers in the state is monitored at 248 locations and 33 coastal locations.In its recent order, the Bombay high court ruled that no new industry can be established if the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation cannot achieve the stipulated effluent discharge standards by August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369831", "title": "Fraudsters luring buyers with promises of bonus", "text": "Ten seconds is all that Vijay Sharma gives a telemarketeer. But since the call was from the insurance regulator's office, he didn't disconnect it abruptly. Instead, he put everything else on hold and listened intently . \"I am calling from the service management department of the Irda. You are losing money on your Ulips because the bonus that accrued on them has gone to the agent,\" the caller explained . \"If you want, it can be refunded to your account.\"Be on your guard if you get such fake calls with bogus promises. Fraudsters posing as Irda employees are luring customers with promises of bonus on their existing insurance policies if they buy a new plan. The well-oiled racket has managed to sell an estimated 4,000 policies to gullible buyers in the past one year. \"In the first quarter of 2012-13 alone we have received over 1,000 complaints relating to these fraudulent calls,\" says Irda chairman J. Hari Narayan.The modus operandi of these scamsters are similar to those used in Nigerian scams and lottery frauds. Some tell the victim that a big bonus has been declared on his existing policy but to get the money he must buy a new plan directly from Irda. Others lure buyers by saying that their policies have been chosen for a bonus payment through a random draws.A peeved Irda has cautioned buyers against such 'spurious' calls by putting up notifications on its website and through its newly launched consumer education portal. \"The Irda is not involved in selling insurance policies. Its name is being misused by these callers. Such instances need to be reported to the police,\" says Narayan.Sharma was initially fooled because the caller knew his name, phone number , address and full details of the plans that the Delhibased sales executive had bought in the past 3-4 years. But his suspicions were aroused when the caller spelled out the terms of the deal. \"Your code has been activated and if you link your existing policies with that code, the accrued bonus will be credited to your account directly . To do that, you have to buy a policy from any company through us,\" he went on. But many others have not been as lucky. The regulator has written to the Life Insurance Council as well as to the CEOs of various life insurance companies separately, urging them to investigate such instances and take action against the fraudsters. \"Many insurance companies have informed us that they are carrying out investigations and have also informed the police,\" says Hari Narayan. \"The Irda too carried out a few investigations , apart from reporting a case to the police , but no headway could be made.\"This is because the scamsters seldom meet the victim in person. The whole business gets done on phone. Once the agent gains the confidence of the buyer, he sends a courier boy to pick up the documents from the victim. When we asked the caller where his office was, he gave out a false address.Insurance companies, however, are doing little to control this mutant version of mis-selling . Victims are flatly told that since the 15-day freelook period is over, the policy cannot be cancelled . \"My senior citizen parents were sold two policies on the pretext of a bonus. When they didn't get any, they approached the company but were turned away because the free-look period was over,\" says Anuj Kumar, a Mumbai-based professional.We spoke to the Ghaziabad-based agent who had sold the policies to Kumar's mother Meena Devi in Patna. He claims he is only an employee and that the insurance companies encourage agents like him to mis-sell . \"I make only 6,500 from selling a 1 lakh policy. The company pockets over 40,000,\" he said.This explains why insurance companies are taking so long to investigate such incidents. Unlike Nigerian scams and lottery frauds, where the money is transferred by wire and the scamster is untraceable, nailing the culprit in the insurance fraud is not very difficult. The company has to just haul up the agent through whom the policy was sold. There is enough circumstantial evidence to prove his complicity in the scam. \"In all cases where policies were issued before and after such calls to the complainants, we are identifying the source of business to take the analysis forward,\" says Hari Narayan.However, insurance companies are wary of taking action against agents, and understandably so. The channel accounts for almost 79% of the business from individual buyers. Any penal action by one company can lead to an exodus of agents. So, even when gross mis-selling is proved, the agent usually gets away with a mild rap on his knuckles.What should policyholders do?Don't go by verbal promises:Never believe an offer till you see it in black and white. Also, make sure that the brochure shown to you is authorised by the company. Agents often get promotional material printed with promises of lofty returns.Check credentials of agent:Make sure you see the seller in person. Check his identity card and other details. If he refuses, he is probably not authorised to sell.Don't buy in a hurry:Anybody who pushes you to buy a policy within a deadline is probably mis-selling . Don't close the deal in the first or even the second meeting. Ask for at least 7-10 days to study the plan.Take a second opinion:Tell the agent you will discuss the plan with another consultant. Fraudsters often ask the victim not to discuss the plan with anybody else.Use freelook period:If the policy document does not mention the promised benefits, return the policy within the 15-day freelook period. Agents try and buy time till 15 days are over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15368197", "title": "Relief for R R Patil, Dy CM rules out reshuffle", "text": "PUNE: A day after Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar slammed state home minister R R Patil for the poor law-and-order situation in the state, the latter found some solace in deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's statement on Sunday that senior Pawar's observations did not mean that there would be a cabinet reshuffle.Ajit Pawar, who was interacting with the media after a meeting of NCP leaders in the city, ruled out the possibility of Patil losing his post as home minister in the backdrop of the serial blasts in Pune.Pawar, who was in Mumbai for a high-level meeting of NCP cabinet members on Saturday, had blasted Patil for his \"inept handling of the law-and-order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune.\" He had pointed out that Pune and certain cities in the state are on the hitlist of terrorists. \"Our intelligence gathering network appears to be poor. This is unacceptable. There seems to be negligence at certain levels and the state must take stringent action if its officers are not performing,\" he had said.Asked about Pawar's observations, Ajit Pawar said that he had the right to raise questions. \"He is the seniormost leader of our party and can express his observations about the functioning of any ministry. If he feels something is going wrong, he says it. He does it often. If he feels that I am doing something wrong, he points it out to me too. He has done the same in the case of the Pune blasts. It does not mean that R R Patil will lose his ministry.\"Ajit Pawar also said that police commissioner Gulabrao Pol's observation about the serial blasts being a possible mischief was \"wrong\". On Wednesday, Pol had initially ruled out the angle of a terror attack in the blasts and had said that it was a possible mischief by some anti-social elements.Meanwhile, taking a serious note of the lack of CCTVs at public places in the city, Ajit Pawar said the project to install them will be initiated soon and completed in a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15367827", "title": "Man held for posing as CBI sub-inspector", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old impostor was arrested on Sunday for allegedly cheating many people by pretending to be a CBI sub-inspector in the city.Police identified the fake sub-inspector as S Srinivasan (30) of Kandasamy Layout near Pappanaickenpalayma in the city. Srinivasan used a fake identity card and extorted money from the vulnerable victims. He used to wear a police uniform. Srinivasan's cheating spree came to end on Sunday when he tried to sell his motorcycle after he defaulted in making the payment for it.Srinivasan sold his motorcycle to a showroom on 100 Feet Road for Rs 30,000. Police said Srinivasan promised the showroom staff that he would hand over the motorcycle within two days. But when the staff didn't allow him to take the vehicle, he threatened them and drove away with it, prompting the showroom staff to approach the police. A special team led by assistant commissioner of police R Gunasekaran arrested the accused on Sunday. Police seized a fake identity card and police uniform from Srinivasan. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15373800", "title": "Runaway Navsari boy returns home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 12 year old boy was reported missing from Navsari town. Mohammed Faiz had gone missing from his home at Dagaharod area on Saturday afternoon. His parents had approached the police for help.But on Sunday evening the boy was found in is grandmothers place in Kahului area. After much persuasion the grandmother asked the boy to call home and inform his parents that he was in Ahmedabad.The worried parents reached Ahmedabad and took Mohammed back home with them. Though there as a police complaint, senior investigators at Navsari town police state are determining as to why the boy ran away from his home.\"The boy returned home is what we are concerned about right now. Had he not called we were already exploring the possible kidnapping case,\" says a senior police official of the Navsari town police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15368157", "title": "34 fishermen rescued off Varca beach", "text": "PANAJI: A beach safety patrol team and lifeguards rescued 34 fishermen from a stranded mechanized trawler off the Varca shore in an operation undertaken in dangerous sea conditions through the late hours of Saturday night and early Sunday morning.The tense rescue act started at 8pm on Saturday, after lifeguards received a message that the fishermen were in a state of panic after the trawler's engine failed just 1.5km off the shore.\"They were between 16 and 60 years and 15 of them were non-swimmers,\" a Drishti special response services (DSRS) official said.Swinging into action, the beach safety patrol team and lifeguards launched the rescue with three skis from Varca, Zalor, Carmona and Benaulim.\"The huge waves and poor visibility made it dangerous for skis to come alongside the vessel,\" the source said.The jet skis had to be withdrawn after several attempts to approach the vessels.But 15 lifeguards kept vigil during the entire night to respond to any eventuality.\"They assured the fishermen that they were being watched,\" the source added.A Goa police team headed by SP (South) also reached the scene while South Goa collector, N D Agrawal monitored the situation.At the crack of dawn, two jet skis went out again and rescued the fishermen.Indian Navy also tried to initiate an air rescue, but the prevailing conditions made it difficult, the sources said.Jet ski operations at night are against international norms. \"But this rescue was well above and beyond the call of duty,\" a Drishti official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15369857", "title": "2-wheelers flout parking rules most", "text": "Two-wheeler riders seem to be the biggest culprits when it comes to flouting parking regulations, according to statistics accessed under the RTI Act from the traffic police. Of the 2.12 lakh parking offences recorded this year, 48% involved motorcyclists , netting a crore in fines for the cops. Car drivers came second with 30% being booked, contributing Rs 61 lakh in fines to the government's kitty.The least parking offences were recorded against BEST buses, according to the statistics. Only five were caught for flouting regulations this year.Experts say there have been no new parking lots constructed in the city, despite lakhs of vehicles being added to the streets. Another problem is fewer 'no-parking' signboards. \"The signs aren't placed prominently either. There are stretches where parking is allowed only on odd dates and during certain hours of the day, which can confuse riders,\" says Jagdeep Desai of the Forum for Improving Quality of Life in the suburbs.Desai adds that at places like Dharavi T-junction and Andheri (E), many two- and four-wheeler drivers openly violate regulations by parking in prohibited areas. Two wheelers also clog streets outside educational institutions as few managements allow parking on the campus.\"Double parking is also responsible for massive traffic j a m s, \" says activist Chetan Kothari, who accessed the statistics under the RTI Act. \"Vehicles are found parked, alongside one another, on both sides of Mohammad Ali Road regularly. The resultant snarls extend from Crawford market right up to Pydhonie,\" he says.But two-wheeler riders are found to be the biggest offenders as it's easier for towing vans to pick them up. \"The vans find it easier to collect four bikes at a time, compared to a larger vehicle . A towing van contractor is paid per vehicle that he picks up,\" says A V Shenoy of the Mumbai Vikas Samiti.Shenoy adds that two-wheelers parked on footpaths are a major problem. \"Recommendations on how to improve the situation were submitted to the government by a committee three years ago, but nothing was done about it,\" he says.There is a severe shortage of parking space. The only two new parking lots in south Mumbai built in the last few decades are the ones at CR-II mall and Atria mall, and they are both commercialized\u2014Nitin Dossa | Western India Automobiles AssociationOne of the reasons why two-wheeler riders are found to be the biggest offenders could be that it's much easier for towing vans to pick them up. Towing vans find it simpler to collect as many as four bikes at a time, compared to a larger vehicle which is difficult to tow away. A towing van contractor is paid per vehicle that he picks up, so he earns a lot more if he tows away a large number of two-wheelers\u2014A V Shenoy | Mumbai Vikas SamitiLocal authorities should mark and regulate every parking space, even on the roadsides, by making them paid slots. There should not be free parking anywhere. Proper management, bringing more spaces into regulated parking and new parking projects alone can reduce the congestion on roads\u2014Ashok Datar | Senior Transport Expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15370984", "title": "US gurdwara shooting: FBI begins probe", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has said that it is investigating whether the shooting at a gurdwara in the US is an act of \"domestic\" terrorism.\"While the FBI is investigating whether this matter might be an act of domestic terrorism, no motive has been determined at this time,\" the FBI Milwaukee special agent-in-charge Teresa Carlson said in a late night statement, hours after the local police termed the tragic incident as an act of domestic terrorism.The FBI is working closely with the Oak Creek Police department and other local and federal agencies to investigate Sunday's shooting incident, Carlson said.The country's premier investigative agency has launched an in-depth investigation into the shooting incident in which at least seven people including the alleged shooter was killed, that sent shocked waves throughout the country.\"We know our community has been deeply impacted by this incident, and our thoughts are with those affected and particularly with the officer who was wounded in the line of duty to protect others,\" the FBI said.While the name of the alleged gunman has not been released yet, Thomas Ahern, a spokesman with the ATF's Chicago division, described him as a white male roughly 40 years of age, CNN has reported.The motive of the shooting has not been determined yet, even as security authorities late on Sunday surrounded a duplex in Cudahy neighbourhood, where the shooter apparently lived.Federal law enforcement officials told NBC News the suspected gunman had no obvious connection to domestic terror or white supremacist groups and apparently was not on any list of suspected terrorists. The suspect was in his early 40s, and while he had an arrest record, it was for minor traffic offenses, a federal official said, NBC reported.A law enforcement official told NBC News the gunman was dressed in a white T-shirt and black tactical-style pants, which had several pockets for holding ammunition magazines. He was armed with a single handgun, the official said.Though the name of the gunman was not released but police say they have a tentative ID and were searching his home. The location was not disclosed, the news channel said.Officials told the news channel that the alleged shooter, who served in the US Army , had many tattoos.Obama takes stock of situationUS President Barack Obama reviewed the security situation with his top national security aides following the tragic shooting in a gurdwara in Wisconsin and also called on gurdwara trustee to offer his condolences.Obama convened a call with the FBI Director Robert Mueller , the chief of staff Jack Lew, and the homeland security advisor John Brennan on Sunday to receive an update on the tragic shooting in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, the White House said.Following the briefing, the Obama called Wisconsin governor Scott Walker , Oak Creek mayor Steve Scaffidi and trustee of the gurdwara Charanjeet Singh to express his condolences for the lives lost and his concern for those who were injured.A tragic day, say US lawmakersCondemning the gurdwara shooting in Wisconsin as a \"senseless\" act of terrorism, the US lawmakers have termed it as a \"tragic\" day.\"This is a tragic day for our city and for all communities of faith who share grief and concern for the victims of today's shooting and their loved ones,\" Wisconsin senator, Herb Kohl said in a statement.\"We also share a deep gratitude to our law enforcement officers. Our prayers are with Milwaukee's entire Sikh community and we wish them comfort and peace,\" the senator said.\"Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the families of yet another senseless act of violence in America,\" senator Ron Johnson said.Johnson said that he have full confidence in the legal authorities that will be investigating this heinous crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373401", "title": "Pattinson accuses Stewart of second affair", "text": "Robert Pattinson has been fuming that his estranged girlfriend Kristen Stewart is now staying with her producer friend Giovanni Agnelli after moving out of their LA love nest.the Twilight star, who has been questioning Agnelli's motives of taking the actress in, has accused the producer of sleeping with the 22-year-old, the radaronline.com reported.\"Rob knows Agnelli and has been calling him a lot since Kristen has been there,\" the insider said.\"He wants to know why Kristen is staying there ... he is super angry now and has accused Giovanni of sleeping with Kristen, too.\"Giovanni got a call from Pattinson around four this morning , threatening him if he has been sleeping with Kristen,\" the source said.Love birds Stewart and Pattison split after her affair with her married \"Snow White and the Huntsman\" director Rupert Sanders was revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15368810", "title": "Tawade demands immediate compensation for flood-hit", "text": "Yavatmal: Leader of opposition in the state legislative council, Vinod Tawade on Saturday visited the flood hit areas of Yavatmal district and took stock of the losses in the villages. While consoling the flood-affected villagers, he assured to take up the compensation issue with the chief minister and governor soon so that the villagers are provided relief at the earliest.Later, while talking to mediapersons at the government guesthouse, Tawade alleged that the district administration's survey of the damage is a sham and that it has calculated the total damages at Rs52 crore only.\"In fact, damages in the form of soil erosion, crop destruction, partial and total destruction of houses, roads, water and electrical installations, school buildings, public health centres etc are worth over Rs500 crore,\" he said, adding that the administration has granted ex-gratia to only 16,865 out of the actual 24,840 affected people and that too was very meagre. He also demanded Rs50,000 compensation for each flood-hit family.\"If the government fails to provide compensation till Pola, the BJP will intensify its agitation,\" he said. He also expressed concern over the delay in paying compensation to the 2006 flood-hit.He demanded crop loan waiver, relaxation in conditions for granting fresh crop loan, alternative scheme for restoring supply of drinking water, electricity and road repairing.Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir, former minister Rajabhau Thakre, ex-MLA Madan Yerawar and others were also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15368980", "title": "RSS will back Keshubhai's oust-Modi campaign: Maniar", "text": "RAJKOT: Veteran Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Pravin Maniar has said that RSS is fully backing former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's movement against chief minister Narendra Modi.\"All the organizations like Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) and RSS have extended their full support to Keshubhai's parivartan call against Modi. Leaders of all these organizations are in touch with us to oust Modi from power,'' said Maniar.Maniar was talking to media persons on the sidelines of a function at VVP Engineering College in the city. He is the chairman of the college trust.\"In 2000, on the insistence of RSS top brass, I brought Narendra Modi as chief minister. But during his tenure, he has finished all saffron organizations, and now the time has come to oust him from the post,\" he said.\"When Modi replaced Keshubhai as chief minister in 2000, then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was not happy with the appointment,\" Maniar claimed.Moreover, Maniar also claimed that old associates of saffron organizations and some top Congress leaders including Shankarsinh Vaghela are keen to join their front against Modi.\"Vaghela is also inclined to join us as he is not happy with Congress. Vaghela told us that Congress has no faith in him and they still call him RSS man. We welcome him in our campaign to oust Modi,'' Maniar claimed.Maniar declared that he will not contest assembly polls but he will play a key role in support of Keshubhai.Maniar was among the founding members of RSS in Rajkot along with Arvind Maniar, Chiman Shukla and Keshubhai Patel , was the sampark pramukh of western region in RSS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15368995", "title": "Theft bid foiled at Kuvadava ATM", "text": "RAJKOT: An ICICI Bank ATM near Ranchodas Ashram on Kuvadava Road here was targeted by some thieves in the wee hours of Sunday. However, the thieves escaped on seeing a police patrol team. They left behind their motor-cycle near the ATM, B division police station officials said.\"We have seized a motor-cycle from the spot and registered a complaint against unidentified people in this regard. We hope to get some clue about the thieves from the motor-cycle that has been seized,\" a police official said.We are investigating whether its number plate is genuine or not, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15367919", "title": "Abducted Imphal masons released after 10 days", "text": "IMPHAL: Two masons, who were abducted by rebels about ten days back from a construction site in the state capital, were released unharmed in the wee hours of Sunday giving a breather to their worried families and locals.H Khambaton (30) and S Meiraba (40), who were engaged in a bridge construction at Phumlou village in Imphal West, were whisked away by armed cadres on July 27 night.Though the abductors did not reveal the party they belong to, the police as well as the locals suspect a faction of the underground Kangleipak Communist Party , Military Council ( KCP-MC) to be behind the duo's abduction for a ransom of Rs 15 lakh.Narrating his nightmarish ordeal, Meiraba said on the fateful night some rebels whisked them away from the construction site before blindfolding them.\"We were put inside a vehicle and taken to a place likely to be a farm house and without giving any reasons they bashed us up,\" Meiraba said.\"They (abductors), however did not torture us in the subsequent days and they even served us food and opened our blindfold. They did not identify the group they belonged to and the reason behind our abduction,\" he added.The abductors freed them at a spot between Akham and Lamdeng village in Imphal West, Meiraba said, while appealing to all concerned not to abduct petty workers like him in future.\"Minutes after we were freed, they moved away from the spot and we opened our blindfold. Khambaton then went to his Itham Nungoi village in Imphal East while I went to my sister's residence at Khongampat where I took a short rest. Later, I went to my Loitang Khullen residence,\" Meiraba said.During the duo's ten-day captivity, the police had abortively carried out massive rescue operations at various places. The villagers of Loitang Khullen expressed happiness over the safe release of Meiraba.Meanwhile, the police launched a special drive against using tinted glasses in vehicles at various parts of Imphal city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15368091", "title": "Underweight newborns not only confined to rural areas: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Underweight newborns are not only common in rural areas but also in big cities of the state. The annual health survey released by the Centre recently said it is common problem of both urban and rural areas.In Jaipur 31.7% infants have weights less than 2.5kg at birth. Infants born with weight less than 2.5kg were 30% in Jaipur urban area while the figure is 33.9% in Jaipur rural areas.The distressing figures of the survey pointed out that the newborns with low birth weights in the state were more vulnerable to risk of childhood diseases and also affects the chances of survival of such newborns.Similarly in Ajmer, 28% infants born were underweight, the survey figures said. The survey stressed that birth weight is an important indicator to measure the vulnerability of a newborn to the risk of childhood illness and chances of survival.In Jodhpur, the figures of low birth weight children are slightly less when compared to Jaipur and Ajmer. In Jodhpur, 23% children were underweight at birth. But in rural areas of Jodhpur, the percentage of underweight children at birth is 27.1.Nine districts in the state have above 50% underweight children at birth. These districts are Baran with 60.5%, Bundi with 50.6%, in Dholpur it was 59.8%, Jhalawar 63.3%, Karauli 62.1%, Kota 50.1%, Rajsamand 54.6%, Sawai Madhopur 53% and in Tonk 50.8% of children were underweight at birth.The figures of low birth weight children are however higher in rural areas in comparison with urban areas. In Rajasthan 38.7% of newborns were underweight. In urban areas, it was 31% while in rural area it is 41.8%. In Jhalawar's rural area, 67.7% newborn were underweight, in Dholpur's rural area, it was 62.9%. The figures of Kota and Karauli's rural area were 64.6% and 63.7%.The figure is also not encouraging in western part of the state. In Barmer and Jaisalmer, 40% and 30.5% of newborns were underweight at the time of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15368294", "title": "Vijayvargia eyeing control over Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association by 'dadagiri': Digvijay Singh", "text": "INDORE: Lashing out at industry minister Kailash Vijayvargia's attempt to over take presidency of Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA), Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh said that Vijawargia wants to gain control over MPCA through 'dadagiri'.\"After entering the district and divisional cricket associations by force, Vijayvargia is now applying 'dadagiri' to gain control of MPCA,\" said Singh adding that the government is acting like a dictator while deciding on the membership of MPCA.Keeping in mind the upcoming MPCA election, Vijayvargia is using government machineries and resources to influence and pressurize members of cricket association, he alleged.Singh stressed that Congress and he would stand in support of union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia , and they would not allow Vijayvargia to manipulate the election results.\"Whatever they (read Vijayvargia and his supporters) do, I will not allow them to dislodge Scindia,\" he said.Singh also held a closed door meeting with the members of MPCA.Few officials of Scindia camp met Singh at Residency to apprise him about the issues and sought his support for Scindia. Singh is said to have influence over few members of MPCA.Over team Anna's decision to enter into electoral politics, Singh said that he welcomes the decision and assures that Congress will not create any trouble for team Anna.\"I welcome them into electoral politics. Now, they will understand the real issues and get to know the real India,\" Singh said adding that all the Indians are not on public networking sites.\"Involvement of common people, including team Anna, into political process will strengthen the democracy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15367679", "title": "Speeding car kills girl, hurts 11 of her family", "text": "GURGAON: In a major road accident on Sunday morning, a three-and-a-half year old girl was killed and 11 members of her family were injured when an overspeeding WagonR rammed into their van, police said.The girl, Sanskriti, died on the spot while the condition of two more children and a woman is said to be critical. According to witnesses Gautam and Robin, the occupants of WagonR were drunk at the time of accident, however, cops have not confirmed this claim. An open Whisky bottle has also been found in the car, police said. On the statement of victim girl's father, who drove the van an FIR lodged in sector 29 police stations against unknown driver of WagonR car under section 279/337/304A of IPC.\"The address of the car owner has been taken from the authority on the base of car number (DL 8 CP 3695) and the four accused will be arrested soon,\" said Hardeep Singh, SHO, Sector 29 police station.The incident took place on MG Road at around 1.10am. According to police, Brjiesh (45), resident of Maruti Kunj, was driving back with his family after attending a function of retirement of his known at Lodhi road, Delhi when a speeding WagonR hit their car from behind. The occupants of WagonR left the car at the spot and fled. Police was informed and the injured were taken to Safdarjung Hospital. The victim girl is identified as three and half year old Sanskriti, daughter of Brijesh Kumar. \"They were come from back side in full speed and hit in van. All four were making the ruckus in the influence of alcohol. When we reached near the cars, the passangers of van were injured critically. We call the police and police rushed them in a private hospital\", said Gautam and Robin, the eyewitnesses.The injured are identified as Brijesh, his wife Anita, son Kartik, brother Ajit, sister Babli, brother-in-law Sunil, Soni, brother-in-law's wife Neeru and her kids Komal and Krishna. Three months ago, a BMW being driven at over 100 km per hour collided with Tata Indigo at the IFFCO Chowk in the city. The car that was hit had five passengers: Kshama Chopra, three months pregnant; her parents and husband; and the car's driver. Kshama and the driver died. Ten days after the accident, the key accused Suraj Sherawat surrendered but was granted bail and now police might be filed chargesheet on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368653", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation gets tips from Bangalore counterparts to reap profit", "text": "CHENNAI: The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) seems to be doing all it can to improve its service and this includes learning the way transport corporations in other cities are run. A team of MTC officials is back after observing the functioning of the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) and will soon submit a report to the transport secretary.The team was impressed with the way BMTC, one of the few state-run transport corporations in the country to make profits, is run. \"Unlike in Chennai, the functioning of BMTC is not interfered with by politicians,\" said a team member.\"One of the biggest challenges for MTC is studying route demands based on ticketing information as it has only 1,500 e-ticketing machines and collecting information from normal tickets is cumbersome. In Bangalore, routes are introduced based on locals' suggestions,\" said an official.Residents of Chennai say their demands are barely heard. \"From Mogappair East to West, a distance of barely 2km, there are no bus service and autorickshaws charge 40 per km,\" said V Ramani of Mogappair.Another advantage for BMTC is the pricing. \"Fares are linked to diesel price and employees' daily allowance. Whenever there is a hike in either of the two, a proposal is sent and a government order issued,\" said BMTC chief accounts officer B Chinnaswamy. MTC fares were increased last year after about 10 years.BMTC runs more than 6,000 buses against MTC's 3,500 and ferries 48 lakh passengers daily while MTC carries around 50 lakh. Yet, BMTC has never made losses in the last 10 years. \"So far this year, we have made a profit of 21 crore; last year we made 50 crore. In the last 10 years, we have an accumulated profit of around 633 crore,\" said Chinnasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15368541", "title": "Vice-presidential candidate Jaswant Singh in Chennai today as part of campaign", "text": "CHENNAI: The NDA vice-presidential candidate Jaswant Singh will be in the city on Monday to meet Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and canvass support from her party MPs.AIADMK sources confirmed that Jayalalithaa will fly in from Kodanad around noon. The senior BJP leader is expected to meet her at her Poes Garden residence around 3.30pm. The AIADMK has a total of 14 MPs.Jaswant Singh had last visited Chennai in 2009 after he was expelled from the BJP for writing a book on Pakistan's founder M A Jinnah and was perceived to be sympathetic to the leader. He was readmitted to the BJP in 2010. Singh's candidature was announced in July and will contest against UPA candidate and present Vice-President Hamid Ansari.In an electorate of 790 in both houses of Parliament, Ansari is expected to get 475 votes with the Left parties also deciding to support him, whereas Jaswant Singh is not expected to garner more than 265 votes even with support of the AIADMK and the Naveen Patnaik-led BJD. Political analysts believe the numbers are still in favour of Ansari despite NDA's unanimous backing for Jaswant Singh. With BJD not so far declaring support for the NDA candidate, the odds look definitely stacked against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15374358", "title": "Google kills more services; including Google Apps for Teams, Google Listen, Google Video for Business", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google seems to be on another spring cleaning drive. The company has announced axing of some more of its services: Google Apps for Teams, Google Listen, Google Video for Business and some Google-created blogs.In a blog post, the company said that starting September 4, 2012, Google will start converting existing Google Apps for Teams accounts into personal Google Accounts, and shutting down Google Apps for Teams. Google Apps for Teams was introduced in 2008 to allow people with a verified business or school email address to collaborate using non-email applications from Google like Google Docs , Google Calendar and Google Talk.Google introduced Google Listen through Google Labs in August 2009, to give people a way to discover and listen to podcasts. The company said that with with Google Play, users now have access to a wider variety of podcast apps, so it is discontinuing Listen. Users who have already installed the app can still use it, but after November 1, podcast search won't function.Google Video for Business is a video hosting and sharing solution that allowed Google Apps for Business and Google Apps for Education customers to use video for internal communication. Starting this fall, the company will migrate all videos hosted on Google Video for Business over to Google Drive, which has similar storage and sharing capabilities.Google said that it maintains 150+ blogs and other communications channels about its products and services. So over time it will also be closing a number of Google-created blogs that are either updated infrequently, or are redundant with other blogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15369320", "title": "Surrender seats if you don't want them: Karnataka Examination Authority", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) has requested students to surrender the allotted CET seats they don't want before 7pm on August 10.The amount paid by such students will be refunded after deducting Rs 5,000 as processing fee. The move follows a number of complaints received by KEA from parents and candidates: they said many who have been allotted seats in KEA, have also chosen an engineering seat in NITK Surathkal and BSc(Agl) and BVSc seats in University of Agricultural Science and other universities.The KEA has requested registrars of the said universities to give the list of candidates who have chosen seats in their institutions for this academic year.Seat-surrender counters have been opened in KEA and its helpline centres (Mysore, Mangalore, Karwar, Shimoga, Hassan, Davanagere, Bellary, Dharwad, Belgaum, Bijapur, Gulbarga and Raichur). The counters will function from 8.30am to 7.30pm on all days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15371467", "title": "London 2012 Javelin: Google's 11th Olympics doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Monday, displayed the London 2012 Javelin as its latest doodle, which is the 11th of the series of Olympics doodles, on its homepage.The search engine giant, since the opening ceremony of London Olympics 2012, has dedicated a collection of fascinating doodles to show its support and spirit to the games.The London 2012 Javelin doodle depicts a male javelin thrower in action in a stadium.The logo of Google is seen behind the athlete with its third letter 'O' hidden.In its league of Google Olympics doodle, the London 2012 Javelin is the first ever Javelin doodle featured by the search engine.In Javelin throw athletes throw the javelin, a spear, as far as possible within a predetermined area.The javelin in the men's competition is 2.7m long and weighs at least 800g.On the other hand, the javelin in the women's competition is 2.2m long and weighs at least 600g.The winner of this sport is declared based on the distance the javelin covers, which is the distance from the end of the runway till it hits the ground.In London Olympics 2012 the Javelin throw events are scheduled from August 7 to August 11.The opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics doodle depicted 5 athletes playing different sports including football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "15369613", "title": "This molecule can prevent cancer spread", "text": "TORONTO: Scientists have discovered that a molecule called flightless can control the speed with which cells move through various tissues, paving the way for treatments to stop spread of cancer from one tissue to another.Researchers from the University of Toronto found that \"flightless\" molecule named after its effects on fruit flies increases the \"stickiness\" that causes cells, including cancer cells, to attach to underlying tissue, which in turn, slows their movement throughout the body. \"The study of flightless and its role in the control of cell movement offers the promise of developing new drugs and treatments to control diseases in which cell movement has gotten out of control,\" Christopher A McCulloch, from the University said. \"We hope that one day treatments to regulate cell movement could be used to bring under better control the spread of cancer cells from a tumour into the rest of the body,\" McCulloch said.Scientists used three groups of cells that made either normal amounts of flightless, or were genetically modified to produce no flightless, or to make above-normal amounts of flightless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367643", "title": "Fake octroi official held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 39-year-old man, Krushna Surve, was arrested for posing as an octroi officer and taking money from truck drivers who did not possess valid documents on Saturday.Police said they had received complaints from truck drivers about the 'official' harassing them. He has been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15369062", "title": "BJP hopes to exceed membership target", "text": "RANCHI: After reviewing the ongoing membership drive, the state unit of the BJP on Sunday concluded that the party would exceed its target by the stipulated time.National head for the membership drive Radha Mohan Singh , an MP, was here to guide the office-bearers involved in the exercise. He was told that as against the planned 20% increase in members who were inducted three years ago, the party would have more members this time. Talking to media Singh said once the membership drive was over, the process of electing new organizational set-up would be initiated. \"We are assured that the number of primary members will increase because a positive response has been obtained from all districts,\" he said.The review meeting was followed by a meeting of the state office-bearers in which elaborate programmes were decided for all six fronts of the party. Both the meetings were presided over by state president Dineshanand Goswami. In the review meeting, state incharge Harendra Pratap, organizational secretary Prasanna Mishra and chief minister Arjun Munda were present. BJP spokesperson Prem Mittal said stress was laid on time-bound completion of the drive. \"Unless the procedure is completed on time, other organizational activities will be delayed,\" he said.The district heads have been asked to stay in their respective headquarters during the past few days of membership drive and prepare individual reports.Senior BJP leaders directed the heads of respective wings to intensify their political programmes. Separate programmes are being chalked out for the women's, youth, scheduled tribe, farmers and minorities wings. Issues like holding the state executive meet and training module for the workers were also discussed. The party decided to hold \"move to villages\" programme from September 25 to October 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15369258", "title": "Chief minister reviews drought, flood situation", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday held a high-level meeting with the ministers and officials of agriculture, water resources, minor irrigation and power departments and reviewed the flood and drought situation. He directed that such a review will also be made at cabinet meetings.Later, development commissioner A K Sinha said the CM reviewed the diesel subsidy distribution and directed to step up the scheme for the benefit of farmers.The rainfall situation also came up for discussion.It was reported that from June 1 till date, the state faced a deficiency of 27% in rainfall and the sowing of paddy was only 62%. At least a dozen districts, including all the districts of Bhagalpur, Munger and Magadh divisions and Nalanda district had comparatively less rainfall and sowing, resulting in a drought-like situation in the districts south of Ganga.The CM directed to ensure six to eight hours of electricity supply in those areas exclusively for agriculture purposes.Sinha said the CM also inquired about tubewells and said those lying defunct due to burned transformers should be made operational. He was told that so far 64 transformers had been changed and 24 state tubewells were made functional.He directed opening of a control room at the Bihar State Electricity Board headquarters to monitor power supply.The meeting was attended by water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, CM's agriculture adviser Mangla Rai, principal secretary, agriculture, Anjani Kumar Singh, principal secretary, water resources, Afzal Amanullah, principal secretary, minor irrigation, Deepak Prasad, BSEB chairman P K Rai and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15369945", "title": "Police visit Pinki Pramanik to probe MMS case", "text": "KOLKATA: The cybercrime cell of Kolkata Police has started probing the origin of the MMS of athlete Pinki Pramanik that has gone viral on the net and is also being circulated on the mobile phone.Kolkata Police's cybercrime cell has started probing the origin of the indecent MMS of athlete Pinki Pramanik which has gone viral on the internet.On Saturday, a special team of the cybercrime cell visited the athlete's house in Teghoria and spoke to her to get leads on the case.The 29-second MMS clip shows Pinki lying naked on her back on a bed with her eyes closed as the camera zooms in on her genitals. Police suspect that the clip was reportedly handed over to police at Baguihati police station by Pinki's live-in partner soon after she lodged the rape complaint, to prove that the athlete is a man.Police, however, ignored the MMS and did not use it as evidence to determine her gender. Later, it was circulated on the net and mobile phones. It seems the clip was recorded earlier, possibly at Pinki's house. \"This is a heinous crime and the police should act against it,\" said Tuhin Roy, Pinki's counsel.Following a writ petition filed by two advocates regarding the issue, the Calcutta high court directed the petitioners to lodge a formal complaint with the cybercrime cell of Kolkata Police. Imtiyaz Ahmed , one of the petitioners, lodged complaint on July 9. \"We have started a case and initiated an investigation,\" said Murlidhar, DC DD Special, Kolkata Police.Pinki confirmed that a police team had paid her a visit on Saturday. \"A five-member team visited my house and spoke to me for two hours regarding the MMS case. I want to know who is responsible for circulating the clip. I have faith in the police and will extend all my cooperation in the probe.\"\"We are trying to find out through which service provider and cell phone the MMS was created and was circulated,\" said an officer. Police, however, ruled out rumours that the clip was shot at a clinic during Pinki's gender test.\"We suspect that her live-in partner had recorded the clip,\" said another investigator. Police are also probing the role of cops at Baguiati police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15369523", "title": "Cloudburst in Uttarkashi: Ganga flowing close to danger mark", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly 1.11 lakh cusecs of water has been discharged into river Ganga from Narora Dam which is expected to reach the river flowing through the city. This will certainly increase the water level of the holy river.The heavy rainfall in the region has been adding to the water level with each passing day. The discharge of water from dams has been the major cause of increase in the water level. The river Ganga has been rising for the past few days at an alarming pace. In last 24 hours, the river has risen nearly a metre and is gradually inching towards the warning mark. The warning mark at Ganga Barrage is 113 m and river was flowing close to 112 m mark.The sudden rise in the water level is due to release of water from Narora Dam and heavy rainfall in Uttaranchal. The cloud burst in Uttarkashi, further causing flood in the river Bhagirathi, will add to the water level in Ganga. At Ganga Barrage, the water can be seen rapidly flowing.Rise in water level of Ganga has alarmed the people of the Katri region. On Saturday, when the Ganga rose phenomenally, the Katri dwellers started moving out towards the Ganga Barrage.The affected lot informed that the erosion is at its peak and the river sweeping whatever is coming its way. This erosion has also started posing trouble for those living on the banks of the river in the city. However, what is most important is that the district administration is yet to offer help to the villagers.Nearly a population of 5,000 resides in dozen villages in Katri. If the water continues to rise in the similar fashion, threat will loom large over the locals of Katri.When water starts entering their villages, they leave their house and come to Ganga Barrage along with their livestock.This causes them huge loss. Their fertile lands submerge under water. Meanwhile, Gram Pradhan, Katri village, Ram Das said, \"if water will rise further, we will leave villages and reach Barrage. The threat is maximum to Chainpurwa village and we are monitoring the increasing water level to avert any mishap.\"The city ghats are also witnessing increased water level. The prominent ghats like Parmat, Sarsiyya etc have partly submerged under water. But no cop of 'Jal' police could be seen at the ghats to guard the people. People living on the ghats are alarming others not to take a bath in the river.The other ghats affected due to increased water level are Bhairoghat, Magzineghat to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15370251", "title": "Forum hauls up e-bike maker for defects", "text": "NASHIK: The State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has held an automaker responsible for defects and ordered it to compensate the consumer in full, in turn exonerating the dealer from responsibility.The commission gave the ruling after hearing an appeal filed by Maurya Automobiles, the dealer of the Matrix Snappy ebike, challenging the Nashik consumer forum's order, as the dealer had extended help to the consumer, but was helpless when it came to a manufacturing defect.\"The appellant (Maurya Automobiles) or dealer cannot be held responsible for deficiency in services if he has made all-out efforts to give justice to the consumer, but was not able to clear the manufacturing defect which is the responsibility of the manufacturer. Hence the district forum's decision has been set aside against the dealer,\" the commission president said, and added in the order that the manufacturers, R K Motors and R K RIM (P) Ltd from Malad (W), were unable to supply a proper battery to the consumer, who had bought the e-bike and hence must be paid back.Nivrutti Tupe had purchased the e-bike from Maurya Automobiles on College Road, on June 5, 2007, after being promised that once charged fully, the bike would run for 100 km. However, as the battery repeatedly failed to deliver (as early as 30 km), Tupe registered a complaint with the dealer, who replaced the battery on December 12, 2007, but even that failed to perform.Tupe continued with his complaints to the dealer, who then took up the issue with the manufacturers. The bike was even sent to the Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) but was returned without tests as it was not a motor vehicle under the central motor vehicle rules.Tupe lodged the complaint with the district forum against the three. The forum ordering all three to pay Rs 35,300 (cost of vehicle), and interest at 9% per annum from June 5, 2007 (date of purchase), along with Rs 2,000 as compensation and Rs 1,000 as cost of litigation and penalty if the payment was not done in the stipulated period. When Maruya Automobiles appealed, the commission said they were not responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-06"}
