{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088573", "title": "\u2018Plan B\u2019 for waste disposal takes shape", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Kodungaiyur and Perungudi, where the city's two notified dump yards are located, will probably be able to breathe easy in about a year. A plan to set up integrated solid waste management plants, as an alternative to dumping waste, is slowly taking shape.More than 31 companies from across the world have shown interest in setting up such plants, and scientifically disposing the two dump yards. It has tentatively been decided to locate these plants around 30km from the city limits.\"It is a great response for a global tender. It is a document mainly explaining the technology - how environment friendly it is, why it will succeed here, and lists the places where it has been successful,\" said Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. After sifting through the applications and short-listing a few companies, \"We will send them a request for proposal, where we will discuss cost estimates,\" he said. The corporation council on Thursday passed a resolution approving the appointment of a consultant from the Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure and Financial Services Limited (TNUFSIL) for the project.Earlier, people in Kodungaiyur and Perungudi had vehemently opposed plans to locate these plants in the dump yards, fearing further pollution. \"The corporation is not clear on where these plants are coming up, but has hinted at the dump yard location. World over, such plants have been shut down due to the poisonous gases they have released. Our air is already so terrible,\" Dr P Nagarathinam of Kodungaiyur had told TOI earlier.The civic body is said to be looking at around three different locations. \"We have a few places in mind but do not know if it will be suitable. The number of plants will depend on the plots of land. The number of companies selected will also depend on their capacity,\" said Karthikeyan. Shifting of the dump yard has been the Kodangaiyur residents' demand for a long time now. At present, 4,500 tonnes of waste is dumped at the Perungudi and Kodungaiyur dump yards daily.In March, the Chennai corporation had called companies specializing in waste management across the world for ideas on how to handle the garbage without dumping it at yards. It also wants the waste segregated into recyclable, biodegradable and non-degradable. The non-degradable waste will be incinerated and used to produce energy, say officials.Environmentalists are vehemently against incinerators. They say they will release harmful gases, kill recycling industries, and are expensive for a country like India. A 1,000-tonne plant could cost more than 150 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087991", "title": "New Rajasthan governor Margaret Alva to arrive in Jaipur today", "text": "JAIPUR: The newly-appointed governor of Rajasthan, Margaret Alva, will arrive in Jaipur on Friday morning by the Haridwar-Ahmedabad mail. The railways have added a VVIP saloon in the train for Alva and have added an extra air-conditioned coach for her staff and other guests coming to attend the swearing-in ceremony to be held at Raj Bhawan on May 12.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , chief secretary C K Mathew, director general of police Harish Meena, general manager, north western railways RC Agarwal and members of army staff from south west command will go to the railway station to receive the governor of Rajasthan, said an official from the state government.Throughout the day on Thursday, the authorities from the state government and Jaipur division of north western railways remained busy in giving final touches to the preparations and arrangements relating to the arrival of the governor.Platform no. 1 of the Jaipur railway station was cleaned up. Besides that, everything varying from retiring rooms, water coolers, exit and entry points were cleaned by the railway workers.Meanwhile, the security officers of north-western railways organised a mock drill at the railway station and security in and around the station was fortified.On May 12, Alva will be sworn in as 34th governor of Rajasthan. She is the third woman governor of the state as earlier Pratibha Patil and Prabha Rao have served on this post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13091859", "title": "28-yr-old woman succumbs to H1N1", "text": "Davanagere: A 28-year-old woman from Myduru village in Davanagere district died due to H1N1. Three other women from Davanagere city have also been found suffering from H1N1, said district surveillance officer Dr Saroja Bayi. Overall in the last month, two patients died after suffering from H1N1.The latest prey to H1N1 virus died on May 2 at Bapuji hospital, where she was receiving her treatment, in Davanagere. On May 5 the swab results of the victim, which were sent to NIMHANS, Bangalore, confirmed that she was suffering from H1N1, said Bayi. Saroja Bayi said that the other three women, aged 28, 30 and 36 years respectively, are receiving treatment at a hospital and are residents of Cheluvadikeri and police quarters of Davanagere city.Drugs available Meanwhile, swab tests of three more patient's has been sent to NIMHANS to confirm about the virus, Bayi said. Suitable drugs along with masks have been provided to the family members of the patients and also for the residents of the area of their residence, Saroja Bayi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13087062", "title": "VS to lead LDF delegation to meet governer over Calicut university land scam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has said that chief minister Oommen Chandy cannot escape the blame over Calicut university land scam.\"It was Oommen Chandy government which decided to dismiss the democratically elected syndicates in all the universities and replace them with nominated syndicates which in turn paved the way for corrupt decisions like the land allotments taken by the CU syndicate,\" Achuthanandan said.Inaugurating the protest march to the university organized by the Calicut University Protection Council, Achuthanandan said that he would lead an LDF delegation to meet Governor H R Bhardwaj, who is also the chancellor of the university, on Thursday to apprise him of the dubious land deals by the varsity.The move by the Calicut University to hand over prime varsity land to IUML-related trusts had created controversy.The opposition leader also criticized the IUML over the land allotment issue. He said that the private trusts headed by people directly related to IUML leadership were trying to snatch away varsity land which was foiled only by the timely intervention of the media and the opposition.\"The IUML is trying to implement its agenda in the university, using the vice-chancellor. Since it does not have any idea about the value and importance of education, it has set its sight on valuable land,\" he said. The real intention was to snatch away 50 acres of varsity land by trusts and associations headed by IUML supremo Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal and the relatives of industries minister P K Kunhalikutty, he added.Achuthanandan said that the university had tried to implement its decision to allot land in an autocratic way without waiting for the approval of chancellor or the state government.V S Achuthanandan took a tour of the university campus and visited the land which the university had considered for allotment to the private agencies.CPM district committee member C H Ashique presided over the meeting. CPM Malappuram district secretary P P Vasudevan also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088299", "title": "Property tax relief for new Mumbai buildings", "text": "MUMBAI: Succumbing to pressure from citizens, the Brihan Mumbai Corporation (BMC) on Thursday tabled a watered-down property tax system before the standing committee, ensuring that taxes will be lower than those proposed earlier. Residents of pre-1996 buildings will see rates double, while those living in buildings built from 1996 to 2004 will see rates rise by 10 to 70%. Residents of newer buildings, those built after 2004, will see rates drop 30 to 60%.The new tax system - which will be in effect from April 1, 2010, when the BMC started giving provisional bills - has been brought in to rationalize taxes.Under the former, ratable value system, property tax was calculated according to the rent a unit commanded during the first year of its existence.As rents increased over the years, older buildings paid far lesser taxes than newer ones, until the property tax chart became lopsided. Older buildings, especially those in the island city, paid much lower taxes than many suburban constructions.The civic standing committee on Thursday approved the new capital-value system, which bases taxes for all buildings (old and new) according to the Ready Reckoner rate. Bills will be issued retrospectively within the next three months. The civic body will return the excess money charged in provisional bills with 6.25% interest.The watered-down taxation system for residential units will be based on a formula that takes into account 0.00348% of the Ready Reckoner rate and not the proposed 0.00412%, which had been struck down by the standing committee earlier this year.The new rates will affect 6.62 lakh residential units of the 14 lakh in the city. Of the 6.6 lakh units, 3.87 lakh (or 27% of 14 lakh) will see reductions ranging from 30-40% and 50-60%. The reduced rates will especially benefit buildings that came up after 2005. Redeveloped buildings will be treated as new buildings.Another 2.75 lakh units (19%) will see property rates rising up to 100%. Most are old houses that pay Rs 2,000 a year in tax; their rates will increase to Rs 4,000. The maximum number of such structures are found in the Andheri-Parle (West) area (50,000), the Bandra-Khar-Santa Cruz (West) area (34,000) and the Esplanade-Fort-Colaba area (11,000).The remaining 7.4 lakh of the city's 14 lakh units are less than 500 sq ft (including in slums and chawls) and hence won't see any change in billing.The buildings that will see lower increases or reductions are those that mushroomed after 1995, when the slum rehabilitation scheme was announced. Around 1998-99, buildings started mushrooming in Bandra, Khar, Santa Cruz, Andheri, Malad, Kandivli, Borivli and Dahisar. Around 2004, suburban Goregaon began getting new buildings.In the island city, cessed buildings began to be redeveloped around 1998-99. Around 2004-05, mill areas in Dadar, Worli and Parel saw development. At the same time, Malabar Hill and Nepean Sea Road began getting new residential buildings.The upside of the new system is that citizens can calculate their own taxes and pay them online. The civic body, which hopes for a better recovery, aims to increase revenue collection by Rs 356 crore. Currently, it collects Rs 2,800 crore from 55% of the properties. Officials are hopeful for an 85% recovery. (See box for payment formula.)The suburbs will benefit more, said officials, due to the presence of more new buildings. However, the overall impact of the new system, said officials, will take some time to be ascertained. \"As of today, we have just fixed the rate of property tax at 0.00348 % However, its area-wise impact across the suburbs will take time to be assessed. This, however, is a uniform rate that doesn't differentiate between the suburbs and city, and hence the difference in rates will reduce,\" said an official.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said the new system would ensure transparency since citizens will compute their own taxes. \"People will be able to verify and calculate the taxes based on their property. This should ensure better recovery,\" he said.The BMC is deliberating a suggestion to not issue a penalty for delay in payment of taxes this year and is likely to extend the due date to March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089333", "title": "Andaman MP moves privilege motion against MHA official for 'manhandling'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bishnupada Ray, BJP MP from the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, moved a breach of privilege in Lok Sabha on Thursday against a joint secretary in charge of Union Territories KK Pathak, who he claimed had manhandled him on Wednesday.He found support from the entire House and Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar. The Speaker told the House that she had already initiated an investigation in the matter.Ray rose during Zero Hour alleging that he was insulted when he had gone to meet the home ministry official in a matter that concerned his constituency. Ray told TOI outside the Parliament House that not only did the officer refuse to hear him out, but he also pushed him out of his room, saying \"please get out\".The Speaker expressed concern about the incident and said, ``a little insult to any member of this House is a serious matter. I am pained as it is my responsibility to protect the honour and dignity of every member.'' She added that an investigation had been initiated on the matter.Earlier, Ray's comments were supported by BJP and most other members in the House.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said, the government views very seriously any mistreatment of any member and assured that he was personally taking the matter to the home minister so that \"appropriate action\" is taken.When BJP members continued to press for their demand, the Speaker observed that she was already seized of the matter and had initiated appropriate action on it before the House met for the day. \"My responsibility is not just to run the House but also to uphold the respect and ensure safety of the members. We have to ensure that this does not happen again,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087856", "title": "Two engineers arrested for duping Vascon of Rs 34 crore", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch, Pune, on Thursday arrested two building engineers for allegedly duping the real estate company, Vascon Engineers , to the tune of over Rs 34 crore.The suspects, Amol Shirodkar (27) of Thane and Rahul Sonawane (27) of Navi Mumbai, had surrendered to police, following directions from the Bombay high court.Seeking their police custody, assistant public prosecutor Shilpa Mahatekar told the court that the custodial interrogation of the duo was essential as they had misappropriated the money by preparing forged bills of building materials, this after seeking the sanction of their superiors. And that their custody was required to find out if they had amassed any property with the fraud money.The court of judicial magistrate first class S N Karakdande upheld the prosecutions plea and remanded them in police custody till May 13.Police had earlier arrested the former vice president Manoj Kallur (48), a resident of Kanchan Galli, Law College Road, and site engineer Arvind Gangbaksh Singh after a complaint was lodged by Vascon's chartered accountant Muthuswami Krishnamurthy.The fraud, that took place between November 1, 2007, and July 31, 2009, had come to light during the audit of the two projects -- Neelkanth Palacia and Neelkanth IT Park.The company had found that the cost of the projects had been inflated with the submission of fake bills and tampering of records. The company also found that the good quality material had been sold as scrap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087480", "title": "\u2018Permanent posts must for PHC nurses\u2019", "text": "COIMBATORE: The nurses on contract duty at Primary Health Centres (PHC) in the state must be given permanent postings, said Dr G R Ravindranath, the president of the Tamil Nadu Medical Workers Association at a press meet in the city.He said there are around 1,629 PHCs, all over Tamil Nadu, and that nurses were appointed at these centres on a contract basis, suffering poor working conditions. \"They are paid a meagre Rs 4,000 in the first year of joining, and an addition of Rs 500 for every year in work,\" he said. For the last five years, the government has not been appointing nurses in permanent posts. Instead, temporary workers are appointed, and are not provided with the facilities or pay scales available to regular employees, he said.Some nurses who were at the press meet said that low pay was just one of their many problems. They say that they are denied most facilities granted to permanent employees, including leaves and quarters, making life hard. \"We are not given leave even for medical emergencies,\" a nurse who works at a health centre in Mettupalayam said. She said they are not given maternity leave. The leave taken for pregnancies and deliveries are not paid. This is an issue as most nurses are women, and many married, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13090883", "title": "Storm lashes banana plantation", "text": "ANGUL: A storm that swept through Angul district on Wednesday night devastated vast stretches of banana plantation in different parts of the district. The banana growers in the district, particularly in Pokatunga and Kishinda, who supply the fruit to the entire state, have been badly affected by the storm. Sources said the storm caused damage to plantation in over 4,000 acre land.Trinatha Sahoo, a banana farmer of Pokatunga village said, \"The storm has destroyed all of my banana trees. I had borrowed 30,000 for planting banana trees. I expected a good return from farming, but I have lost everything in the storm. I don't know how to repay the loan.\"\"Houses and huts have been damaged and those can be repaired, but the trees that have been uprooted cannot be brought back. Acres of land that was dotted with banana trees now looks barren,\" said Sudhansu Sekhara Pradhan, a resident of Pokatunga village.He said every year during this time storms damage banana plantation, but the government dopes nothing for the farmers. \"State government promises compensation every year, but till now we have not received a single pie.\"About 700 banana farmers in Pokatunga have lost their banana trees. The government should help them repay their loans, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087535", "title": "Ex-minister flinches from acting on threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hours after promising to force-open the locks of the Congress legislature party press room, a disgruntled Congress legislator P Shankar Rao on Thursday refused to carry out his threat despite being egged on by highly surcharged media persons.A cool Shankar Rao refused to be part of any unlawful activity and instead chose to occupy the passageway to the CLP from where he launched a blistering attack on chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy. Claiming that he was a loyal Congress worker, Rao denied having in any way violated party discipline.\"My actions are aimed at protecting the party and its interests in the state. A new episode will begin in state politics after 32 days. The party will be defeated in the byelections and there will be an immediate change in leadership. The state will be liberated from this 'shani' (chief minster),\" he said.Talking about the YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, he advised the Kadapa MP to establish a charitable trust in the name of his late father and grandfather and transfer all his ill-gotten wealth to the trust so that it could be used for the welfare of the needy.Rao said he would complain to the Assembly speaker and move a privilege motion but refused, however, to clarify as to against whom exactly his complaint would be directed. The CLP staff did not open the doord to the press room since Rao had not sought permission of the CLP secretary to hold a media conference there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13092245", "title": "Include college in RTE ambit, demand fora", "text": "MANGALORE: Ahinda, an organization of backward, minority and dalits, Federation of Education Resource Centres ( FERC ), Federation of School Development and Monitoring Committees (FSDMC), Campaign Against Child Labour - Karnataka ( CACL-K) and members of various like-minded organizations on Thursday demanded the state government ensure poor children's right to education for higher studies too.At an interaction programme on the Right to Education Act 2009, Ahinda state working president P Lolaksha said that the right to education should not be restricted to children between the age group of six and 14 as mentioned in the act.\"All poor and underprivileged students should be able to pursue higher education. The present social and economic environment does not allow poor students to pursue higher education. As per the Juvenile Justice Act, upto 18 years all are considered as children. The government needs to amend rules as to bring children below 18 years to the purview of the act,\" he added. Even though the act came into force in 2009, it took three years for the state government to notify rules based on it.\"A section of the society, which enjoy all privileges, are behind the delay in the implementation of RTE Act. Though there are many conditions in the act, only the part which mandates 25 per cent seats for poor, has been made a subject of debate across the nation,\" he added.FERC president Umesh Nirmal said that children in rural areas are forced to work to earn money for their education during vacation. \"It is unfortunate that as per the records there is no child labour in the state. Participation of society is important in creating awareness against child labour,\" Nirmal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087151", "title": "Shortage of drivers at rural primary health centres has officials worried", "text": "NASHIK: Acute shortage of drivers for primary health centres (PHCs) is risking lives of patients who require medical attention in rural areas of the district.\"Of the 104 PHCs in the district - Nanduri being the latest to be added to the tally - all the PHCs have the vehicles. This has ensured that any person requiring medical attention gets the transport facility for medical care. But the problem is about the drivers to run these vehicles during the times of emergency,\" said Jyoti Mali, president health committee, ZP.\"We are 18 drivers short for vehicles provided to the 104 PHCs in the district. This is causing problems to the villagers in the sense timely help is not available to the patients. Though no untoward incident has yet occurred it does not mean that the things are fine,\" an official from ZP said.The vehicles in PHCs in rural areas are among others, responsible for implementation of Janani Suraksha Abhiyaan in which an expectant mother is provided free transport service to and fro hospitals. Lack of availability of drivers is a major problem then. To mitigate the crisis, the administration has allowed the village-level Rugnalay Samiti to ask any of the bonafide persons in the village to drive the vehicle and reimburse him with the daily-wage for that period only.\"The Rugnalay Committee must pass a resolution asking any bonafide person available at the time to take up the service in lieu-of honorarium for that day. The arrangement is purely on temporary basis. Meanwhile, the administration is planning to get drivers on contract basis for a period of six months. In about month's time the contractor would be nominated by the administration following the procedures,\" district health officer Dr Yogesh Sale said.However none of the officials confirmed as to when would the backlog of the drivers' be cleared. \"Having a driver on daily wages, the ZP could be lowering the expense on the vehicle, but at the same time one never knows the antecedents of the person doing the job on temporary basis,\" another official said.Some ZP members have demanded immediate recruitment of drivers to provide transport facilities for patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088238", "title": "HC restrains \u2018nuisance\u2019 Kurla laughter club", "text": "MUMBAI: Laughter isn't always the best medicine, a Kurla laughter club found out on Thursday as the Bombay high court ordered the police to restrain its members from foisting their high spirits on those in the vicinity. The petition against the club came from Vinayak Shirsat, 78, and his family of lawyers who accused the cacklers of causing \"mental agony, pain and public nuisance\".Shirsat and his family members said that the Sheetal Jogging Association, a group of around 30 that meets up at a jogging track and gazebo at Sheetal Talab in Kurla West, had been giving residents of the area a traumatic time. \"From 7 am, around 10 to 15 members of the group gather and sing and clap to bhajans. It is followed by loud and vigorous spells of laughter at the top of their voices, and each member encourages the others to laugh to their heart's content. This goes on for 20 to 25 minutes,\" said the plea.In their complaint against a boisterous laughter club, Vinayak Shirsat, 78, his 70-year-old wife, his son Shreeram and daughter-in-law Deepti of Kurla claimed that around 15 more persons would join the 10-15 members of the Sheetal Jogging Association as they laughed, clapped, marched and exercised from around 7 am every day, and the noisy routine would be sometimes rounded off with tea and snacks.The Shirsats' advocate Veena Thadani told a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar that on December 20 last, Vinayak suffered a vertigo attack around 6 am. Despite appeals, the club members refused to lower their voices. Complaints to the local police proved futile.Thadani said that Vinayak's health had been affected by the cacophony caused by the hysterical laughter, clapping, bhajans and shouts of encouragement. She added that as lawyers, the petitioners often had to stay up till late in the night to study their briefs, and the laughter club's activities \"rudely\" woke them up every morning. \"But the (club) members are defiant. They say: 'Jo ukhadna hain voh ukhado, yeh band nahin hoga'. One man's pleasure is turning into another's pain,\" she said.The judges agreed. \"You can't create so much noise with laughter,\" said Justice Bobde sternly, directing the senior inspector of Vinoba Bhave Nagar police station to immediately stop the nuisance. \"You (club) keep good health and let others also keep theirs,\" said Justice Bhatkar, adding that \"these matters should be amicably sorted out through ALMs and mohalla committees\".The judges also directed the zonal assistant commissioner of police, the deputy commissioner and the police commissioner to \"ensure\" that action was taken. If it is, then the Shirsats will have the last laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087456", "title": "Nine mini zoos now on Kolkata zoo authority list", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Friday decided to include nine mini zoos under the list of the state zoo authority.The inclusion of these zoos on the list will mean they would be entitle them to funds allotted for them under the zoo authority funds. Some of the zoos which will be included are the Gar chumuk, Ulughata Deer Park in Howrah, the Kumari Kangsabati Deer Park, Bankura, Snake Park at Badu are among the zoos that will be included.The state has several zoos - including the Alipore Zoological Gardens and the Darjeeling zoo - which have been recognized by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA). There are some rules and regulations that zoos have to follow to get the CZA recognition.The state government has formed a state zoo authority on the lines of the central government body. The zoos that are included on the state list in these have to follow certain rules to be able to avail of the funds that the state authority allots for them.According to state forest minister Hiten Barman, the state government had been toying with the idea for quite some time. Now that they have been included under the state zoo authority, it will help them they will get funds for their upkeep and maintenance.\"Funds are problem for these zoos. Most of these mini zoos are places that attract a lot of local people locally , but they need funds to carry on the upkeep and that is the most difficult part. Hopefully, the decision will help the zoos and animals and the animals to some extent,\" said state forest minister Hiten Barman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087815", "title": "Autos give 20-25 km mileage per litre/kg", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaws in the city, whether they run on CNG, LPG, or petrol, give an average mileage of 20 to 25 km per kg/litre. Again, for every three hours, autorickshaws cover a distance of about 35 km and undertake 7 to 8 passenger trips.These and several other observations were made during the three-day survey of autorickshaws conducted by the Regional Transport Office (RTO), Pune. The survey, which concluded on Thursday, was undertaken to calculate the actual spending of autorickshaws on fuel, and also to ascertain actual running of autorickshaws for every kg/litre of CNG/LPG and petrol. The RTO will submit its report to the one-member Hakim panel recently set up by the state government to fix autorickshaw fares.Rickshaw federations across the state had held an agitation in April stating that the existing formula used to decide fares is unscientific and hence, should be revised. After the agitation, the state government set up the Hakim panel, which is undertaking detailed survey of autorickshaw services in all major cities across the state. The observations would help the panel to recommend a comprehensive formula that can be used to decide the fares.\"The survey in Pune was completed on Thursday. We registered observations pertaining to running of autorickshaws, fuel consumption, time spend by a rickshaw at a refilling centre, waiting period of the autorickshaws between trips, total trips completed by autorickshaw drivers in eight hours, empty running and mileage of CNG, LPG and petrol. The survey took into account autorickshaws plied on different routes and in different locations. These observations will be submitted to the state transport commissioner on Friday in the prescribed format,\" said a senior RTO official.The official added that the RTO is only supposed to submit the observations to the panel, and cannot draw any conclusion on the fare revision formula.Along with RTO officials, representatives of autorickshaw federations and commuters associations also participated in the three-day survey. As many as five autorickshaws were selected for the survey every day.Welcoming the move, representatives of autorickshaw federations said, \"Largely, it was observed that autorickshaws running on CNG, LPG and petrol registered a mileage of about 20 to 25 kilometers per kilogram/liter. For every three hours, an autorickshaw covered a distance of about 35 kilometers and undertook 7 to 8 passenger trips\".\"We have told the officials that autorickshaw drivers spend at least 2 to 3 hours at the CNG refilling centres every day. We observed that not much difference was registered in mileage (distance covered by an autorickshaw) of CNG, LPG or petrol. On an average, an autorickshaw running on any of these fuels covered a distance of 20 to 25 km in one kg/litre,\" said Bapu Bhave of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation.Another representative, Baba Shinde, said besides spending on fuel, many other factors, such as insurance, repair and maintenance of a vehicle, social security, etc are needed to be considered in new formula. We are expecting that the panel would study these factors as well.There are about 45,000 autorickshaws in the city. About 18,000 have fitted with CNG kit, another 8,000 with the LPG kit and the remaining run on petrol. The state government has asked all autorickshaws to convert to CNG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089340", "title": "Gondia takes guard against Gadchiroli symptoms", "text": "NAGPUR: The latest murder of the village headman of Istari in Deori on Gondia-Gadchiroli border only underlines the need for the security forces to employ an effective anti-Naxal campaign in Gondia to nip in the bud any possibility of the rebels' violence escalating in the future here on the lines of adjoining Gadchiroli.The Naxals shot dead the headman of Istari in Deori tehsil. Ghanshyam Koretti's body was found on Misipiri-Dhamditola Road on Thursday nearly 63 hours after he was kidnapped from his village. Koretti's body, with two bullet injuries, was traced within 10-km of his native place.Naxal's Deori Area committee, through a handwritten pamphlet penned in Hindi, took responsibility of the murder saying Koretti was a police informer. The pamphlet was found near Koretti's body. The Naxal claim came in stark contradiction of an earlier assertion of the police department labelling Koretti as a sympathizer of the rebels. It was also learnt that Koretti had earlier faced corruption charges as a village headman.Additional superintendent of police, Gondia, Vishwa Pansare confirmed about the pamphlet but he denied the Naxal claim that Koretti was an informer for the cops. \"We had tried our level best to find him. Security forces were also deployed for the purpose at strategic positions,\" said Pansare. \"It's high time the villagers realized the harm the Naxals are doing to them. They should stop supporting the Naxals with food or shelter,\" he said.There may be no evident indication that the rebels are going to follow the Gadchiroli pattern in Gondia. In Gadchiroli they are targeting elected representatives and spreading fear among the office-bearers of local self government bodies. Still, the security forces already are not taking the situation lightly.Pansare stated that after a meeting with the government officials and others at the district level such exercise was also repeated at the police station level. \"We have been briefing the government officials, and elected representatives and all such people who can be targeted about the threat perception. They have been cautioned against certain practices particularly the ones who work at the grassroots level,\" said Pansare. He added that instructions have been issued against venturing into the interior places.Pansare said that the political leaders have been advised against taking out rallies or addressing meetings without consulting the police department. \"We are in regular touch with the concerned government officials and political leaders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087809", "title": "New judge to conduct trial in Mane case", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V K Shewale has been appointed to conduct trial in the case of rogue bus driver Santosh Mane. Mane's case will come up for formal hearing on Friday. A magisterial court had transferred the chargesheet filed by Pune crime branch to the district and sessions court. Considering the gravity of the offence, judge Anant Badar on Thursday appointed senior judge Shewale to conduct the trial. On January 25, Mane had hijacked an ST bus from Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine dead and 31 injured.Mane will be represented by lawyer Mahesh Agarwal. A new prosecutor is expected to be appointed in the case on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13092072", "title": "Trio who struck at jewellery shop held", "text": "MYSORE: City police have helped their Bangalore counterparts by arresting a group of thieves who lifted valuables from a jewellery shop in Basaveshwarnagar in Bangalore 10 days ago. Police commissioner K L Sudheer said the three accused - Anjanappa, 50, Saroja, 40, and Yellamma, 52, all residents of NR Mohalla and known offenders -- were taken into custody on suspicion by CCB police.During questioning, the accused admitted to the crime of lifting jewellery weighing 60 gram from Labbi Jewellers, after diverting the attention of the shop owner in April. The crime was recorded in CCTV. Ever since, Bangalore police were searching for the accused, but the trio evaded arrest by returning to Mysore, their native place.The commissioner said the accused had pledged the stolen jewellery with a financier in NR Mohalla. Besides that jewellery, the police have recovered valuables worth Rs 2.5 lakh from them.VEHICLE-LIFTERS HELDLashkar police solved a four-wheeler theft case within a day after its occurrence, here on Wednesday. Two youths intercepted a four-wheeler near KSRTC suburban bus stand in the wee hours of Tuesday, and drove away the vehicle along with a film projector. The vehicle-lifters, identified as Srinivas and Shankar Sharma, had left their two-wheeler near the bus stand, which acted as a clue to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087430", "title": "Supreme Court college fee ruling a strain on govt coffers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is staring at a deficit as big as Rs 1,500 crore following the Supreme Court order giving professional colleges a free hand in fixing their own fees. The apex court's interim judgment on May 9 states that, starting from academic year 2012-13, colleges should be allowed to charge fees commensurate with their annual expenditure.And, the state's finance department has calculated that the fee reimbursement burden on the government is going to increase by 30% on the back of the Supreme Court's May 9 ruling.In 2011-12, state government had to earmark Rs 4,500 crore for the reimbursement scheme; from next year, however, it will have to cough up Rs 6,000 crore towards the scheme.This additional financial burden - calculated for the coming academic year - is only the tip of the iceberg. In the 2013-14 academic year, the government will have to put aside Rs 7,800 crore in order to run the scheme. But, subsequently, that bill for the scheme may even get inflated to double of what is being spent now, officials said.Officials admitted that the government had miscalculated the impact of the SC judgment. Till last month, only 17 colleges had pledged to the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC) that they would be willing to follow pay scales as proposed by All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to avail of the option of going for a differential fee structure.But, following the SC directive, more colleges appear interested in the differential fees structure. \"As per the SC directive, the new pay scales will have to be implemented from the 2012-13 academic year for only those faculty members who teach students.\"Many colleges will be willing to incur the extra cost in exchange for fee hike options. Fee at each of these colleges is expected to increase by an average 30%,\" an official said.Struck by the sudden bolt, the state is currently considering putting an upper limit for funds to be released under the scheme. \"The government is thinking of setting the ceiling at Rs 30,000 per annum per student for payments under the scheme. We have to stop the fund drain which this ruling brings upon us,\" said an officer. The government has been funding the education of over 60% students belonging to the weaker sections of society as part of its fee reimbursement scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091372", "title": "Jay Deala is on a high", "text": "The excitement for the release of the album entitled Sincerely Jay Deala continues to gain momentum and will be released late 2012.After releasing hits like \" Summertime\" and \" Serious\" the urban desi phenom known as Jay Deala has put the world on blast and has not only become one of the most significant and successful artists in the international South Asian Urban scene but also has established his significance in mainstream hip-hop.\" Vida Tropical\" translates to the \" Tropical Life\". Inspired by a recent visit to the Caribbean islands with his friends on an all exclusive vacation, Jay Deala brings the experience of living the \"Tropical Life\" with his effortless suave-like flow and wordplay. Deala teams up again with super producer Sycotrax to bring you something that you have never heard before. \"Vida Tropical\" is a fusion of hip-hop and reggaeton which maintains Indian melodies in its undertones, while showcasing its sexy and sultry Caribbean flare. Featured on the track is Dominican sensation Carlos Cruz.His soulful and energetic Spanish vocals on the chorus really spice up the track. Common Caribbean instruments such as the powerful bongos as part of the percussion set and the emphatic trumpet rifts played live by masterful trumpet musician Cuban Fufino, genuinely provides authenticity to the record. Recorded at M Way Studios by Nach, mixed by Steve Chahley at the infamous DNA Recording Facility and mastered by the world renowned Phil Demetro at Lacquer Channel Mastering House in Toronto Canada, Jay Deala brings you yet another smash hit that will have you popping Coronas, sipping on that favorite margarita and dancing the summer night away. Whether it be in your favorite nightclub, pool side or on the beach \"Vida Tropical\" is guaranteed to sizzle!Directed by the world renowned Preet Sandhu, the music video was actually shot on the beautiful beaches of Bavaro in Punta Cana Dominican Republic. Visuals of tropical bliss, sunshine, white sand, crystal blue water and palm trees paint Jay Deala's lyrics in the most bona fide way. Scenes of locals at local establishments also provide authenticity along with showcasing some of the sexiest women on the planet having fun on a boat, lying in the sun on the beach, partying poolside and getting wild at club \"Una Mas\". \"Una Mas\" translates to \"One More\" and is one of the hottest nightclubs in the Dominican Republic. It is visited by thousands of tourists every year and provided the perfect setting in the video for an ultimate Caribbean nightclub party.Need a Vacation? You deserve it. Take a much needed break and join Jay Deala as he takes you on a trip to the Caribbean islands. Just relax and enjoy because there's nothing like \"Vida Tropical\"! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089523", "title": "Pakistan\u2019s postponement of Sir Creek talks to gain leverage on Siachen?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan's latest move of rescheduling talks on Sir Creek is intended to put pressure on Siachen, said sources. This week, Pakistan, after announcing Sir Creek talks with India on May 14 - unilaterally announced that it would not hold the discussions on that date - and later pushed the dialogue to June 22.Although the official reason from Pakistan is the non-availability of a key negotiator, Indian officials are not buying this argument. With Siachen talks scheduled to be held on June 11-12, the postponement is being seen as trying to pressure India to concede ground on Siachen.Officials said that India's position on Siachen had neither hardened nor softened for years. But Pakistani Army chief Gen Ashfaq Kayani has now said twice in a month that Islamabad wants the Siachen issue to be solved and India had \"toughened\" its stand asking for a demarcation. Defence minister A K Antony rubbished Kayani's statement about a tougher Indian stand, instead saying there should be no expectation of anything \"dramatic\" from the forthcoming talks.Sources here said Pakistan may be thinking they can leverage the Sir Creek resolution for an Indian concession on Siachen. A resolution on Sir Creek is believed to be \"doable\", and can be used by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to justify a visit to Pakistan later this year.Gen Kayani, while visiting Skardu region last week, after the recent avalanche that killed over 130 military personnel, hoped the Siachen issue would be \"resolved so that both countries don't have to pay the cost\". He said the hope was that \"there will be a resolution and we want that there should be a resolution (of the Siachen issue). There should be a resolution of Siachen and other issues.\" This was interpreted as a major breakthrough by Gen kayani.The core of the difference between the two sides is: India wants Pakistan to authenticate positions on the AGPL (Actual Ground Position Line) before any talk of demilitarization or withdrawal. Pakistan is pushing a four-point plan that includes demilitarization, withdrawal of troops, delineation and authentication. India is unwilling to do this.\"We have been consistent on the steps necessary before demilitarization of Siachen can be carried out. We won't give up the advantage we enjoy without a very credible, and verifiable, commitment from their side,\" a senior Army officer said here. Another officer pointed out that India has repeatedly pointed out that any demilitarization should be preceded by delineation of Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL), authentication of the line and military positions on maps to be exchanged between the two countries, an end to wrong projection of AGPL in each other's maps, drawing up framework for demilitarization and as final step withdrawal of troops down from the glacier. \"They are reluctant to agree to our suggestions,\" another senior military official said.Pakistan analyst B Raman said, Kayani's remarks came in the wake of the avalanche and the consequent local anger against the army. \"His remarks have the tactical objective of responding to local anger and projecting India as responsible for lack of forward movement on the Siachen issue.\" Former envoy, G Parthasarathy said the interpretation of Kayani's comments were misplaced, because neither side have changed their positions.Both countries remain in their stated positions. After Kargil, the Indian Army remains even more wary of Pakistani intentions. Senior defence officials said, \"If they can violate the Line of Control, then I don't see any reason for them not to violate AGPL,\" an Army officer argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13087732", "title": "Catholic mission congress concludes", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Taking a new line, the Catholic Mission Congress has decided to make use of all the government welfare programmes to uplift the poor. The church will train priests, nuns and laity to collaborate with the government departments to take the welfare programmes to the doorsteps of the needy.The decision of the congress is significant in the wake of senior bishops' remarks on the drastic cut in the foreign funds for charity. The three-day Catholic Mission Congress concluded on Thursday with the release of a vision statement - 'Vijayawada declaration.' Bishop Gali Bali, president of Andhra Pradesh Bishops' Council, said that every diocese would hold a similar congress at the district level with greater participation and take the outcome of Vijayawada declaration to 9,000 villages and 1,000 parish churches in the state. He said the church would continue extending educational and health services to the needy.According to the declaration, the church would train 2,000 priests and 6,000 nuns and brothers apart from laity on welfare programs and governmental schemes. Bishop Govindu Joji said the congress was a success with over 4,000 delegates participation The Prabhu Yesu Mahotsavam concluded with a holy mass by bishop Prakash Mallavarapu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089481", "title": "Universities go digital, save paperwork hassle", "text": "NAGPUR: Students seeking admission in universities in the state can now bid goodbye to long queues and the dreaded form submission process. From the coming academic session, students can apply, confirm admission, pay fees and even ask for revaluation straight from their home. The state government-promoted Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) is launching a website (www.ugpgadmission.com) on May 21 which will eliminate unnecessary bureaucratic red tape in student-university interactions.Managing director of MKCL Vivek Sawant said, \"We have tied up with nine universities, including Nagpur, and every interaction of students with the university regarding form filling will be done digitally. Students have to create an ID to login into our website and store their educational details, based on which our software will give a list of universities and courses they are eligible for. Every service on this portal will be available free of cost.\"The participating varsities include Mumbai, Nagpur, Gadchiroli, Aurangabad, Jalgaon, Kolhapur, Solapur, Amravati and SNDT (Women's University).MKCL has been working on this project for the last one year and has the latest data of 3,500 colleges affiliated to these nine universities. Once students select a course and college for the degree course they can submit an online application to the concerned university. University officials will verify eligibility parameters and if additional information is required they will post a comment online which can be viewed by the student.Sawant, said, \"The online form will be absolutely flawless since it will not let the student submit unless the eligibility criteria are met. When students fill a hard copy of the form they sometimes choose three electives even though only two might be allowed, but the software will not allow that kind of an error.\"Once the application has been accepted, students can pay the fee either online or pay it directly at the office. Once the admission process is complete students will also get their I-Card, library card and bona fide certificate online.\"Submission of examination form is the most bureaucratic of all processes. I wonder why universities need to know their students' names and gender every six months in the examination form. With our website all that students have to do is click the submit button online as their form would have been automatically filled using the data they entered for admissions,\" said Sawant.After filling the exam forms students will soon get their hall tickets online. Once exams are over requests for marks verification and revaluation can also be made online.\"Apart from university-specific interaction, this portal will also work as an information portal for competitive exams in the country. Details of almost 400 exams, their last dates and application forms will be available online for the benefit of students,\" said Sawant.Board result season to begin next weekBoard result season to begin next week with all three major boards almost ready with the data. Council for The Indian School Certificate Examinations which conducts both the ISC (Std XII) and ICSE (Std X) will be declaring the results next week without fail, said additional secretary of the board Gerry Arathoon.CBSE too is set to declare its Std XII results in the third week of May itself, and Std X results by month end. CBSE PRO Rama Sharma, said, \"Exact date has not been finalized yet but we are looking to wrap up everything before the month ends.\" Maharashtra state board is likely to declare HSC results on May 23 while SSC results are scheduled for mid-June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087807", "title": "Mundhwa boy drowns in river", "text": "PUNE: A three-year-old boy, who was missing since Wednesday evening, was found dead in the Mula-Mutha river. His body was fished out on Thursday evening.The Mundhwa police have identified the deceased as Chinmay Amol Gaikwad.Senior inspector Devidas Patil said that Chinmay was playing near his house on Wednesday evening before he went missing. His parents searched for him and later lodged a complaint. \"Our team too searched for him, but failed to trace him,\" Patil said.Around 5.30 pm on Tuesday, Chinmay's body was found in the river. tnn\"After post-mortem, his body was handed over to his parents,\" Patil said.Patil said Chinmay's father runs a milk business and mother is a housewife. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088014", "title": "HC seeks routine report from Jaipur Municipal Corporation on removal of commercial units", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has directed JMC commissioner Lok Nath Soni to file fortnightly compliance report on the removal of commercial activities from residential units of Mansarovar locality of the state capital. The court also said it will not tolerate the defiance of order of the division bench on removal of such establishments.In 2004, a division bench of the high court had directed the civic authorities to check commercial activities from residential areas and stop the same but no action was taken. It came to light while hearing a petition filed by a local resident of Mansarovar whose commercial establishment running from his home was stopped.The single judge bench of Justice Alok Sharma took note of the fact that there are a large number of such commercial activities still going on and called the JMC Commissioner in person on Thursday.Soni told the bench though there is shortage of staff at the JMC, action has been initiated. It was ensured that 10 houses will be identified each week form where commercial activities will be stopped and the report will be submitted fortnightly to the court.\"Continuous action by the municipal corporation is essential for a sense of justice in those whose commercial activities from residential premises has been stopped. Defiance in respect of directions issued by the court will not be tolerated,\" the bench observed in its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13082391", "title": "Riteish Deshmukh becomes Sarah's saviour", "text": "Sarah Jane Dias is all praise for co-star Riteish Deshmukh who rushed to her rescue while she was mobbed at the airport recently.While the two stars were heading to Goa for the next shoot schedule of their forthcoming comedy 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum', actress Sarah Jane Dias stepped out for a quick bite when she was suddenly mobbed by fans - thankfully, a serious situation was controlled by co-star Riteish Deshmukh's quick thinking.Says a source \"Sarah stepped out to grab some take-away as her flight to Goa was slightly delayed. However, as she approached the restaurant, fans soon began to get too close for comfort .Thankfully Riteish had followed her in and made sure the situation was under control. He even obliged fans with autographs and pictures and escorted Sarah safely into a car.\"Confirming the incident says Sarah \"I was starving and it was very kind of Riteish to accompany me. Not only was he nice to me, a newcomer, but also to the people who approached him for photographs and autographs.\"After the runaway success of Balaji Motion Pictures' 2005 hit comedy 'Kyaa Kool Hain Hum', the team of the film reunites for the rib-tickling sequel, titled 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum' starring Tusshar Kapoor , Riteish Deshmukh, Neha Sharma and Sarah-Jane Dias, scheduled to release on August 2, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13088887", "title": "High alert in Tamil Nadu after hoax email threat", "text": "MADURAI: The city plunged into a state of high alert as a hoax email to the office of the superintendent of police in Virudhunagar warned of bomb blasts at the chief minister's residence in Chennai, Meenakshi temple in Madurai, Ranganathar temple in Srirangam and Andal temple in Srivilliputhur.The police department rushed the bomb detection and disposal squads to the two temples and launched an intense search late on Wednesday night that found the mail to be hoax. Security was tightened in the two temples as well as other prominent places of worship in all the southern districts on Thursday while police pickets were put up across Madurai in the wake of the visit of high-profile BJP leaders including L K Advani for the party conference.\"The mail was received around 7.30pm. It was sourced to a multi-storeyed building in Maharashtra. The mail warned that bombs have been planted in the Poes Garden residence of chief minister J Jayalalithaa, Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple in Madurai and Ranganathar temple in Srirangam and Andal temple in Srivilliputhur,\" said a police officer. The sender of the email identified himself as Mohamed John, but police said the name could be a fake one.\"All efforts are on to trace the sender of the email. We will hopefully nab the person in a day,\" said a police officer. However, the police also refused to divulge details about the exact place from where the mail was sent from Maharashtra.A flurry of action followed soon after the mail was received and the entire state police machinery was alerted and security was tightened in the temples. After frantic screening of the sprawling premises of the temples, the police found that it was a hoax mail and heaved a sigh of relief.On Wednesday, a doctor was picked up by the police in Madurai for making a prank call to the control room of 108 ambulance services warning of a bomb blast during Advani's visit. The man had said that a car bomb would explode and even gave the registration number of the car. It later emerged that he had a quarrel with his house owner and in an inebriated state made the prank call and gave the number of his house owner's car.The conference venue was made a virtual fortress and all the visitors were allowed into the pandal only after thorough frisking. Vehicles of the cadres were barred from entry about one-km away from the venue and cars of VIPs were only allowed go near the pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088431", "title": "City\u2019s top guns get e-savvy to address woes of residents", "text": "NOIDA: Not happy with public services? Here is some good news. The Gautam Budh Nagar administrators have become e-savvy and are just a click away. With an aim to become citizen-friendly, the district administration is recording grievances via SMS and emails, which the district magistrate will address himself.Complaints lodged via SMS, through the Authority's call centre or by filling an online complaint form on its website will be directed to the concerned head of the department dealing with the civic issue. The official will have to redress the complaint in a time-bound manner.\"SMSes to the number 8860112244 can be made for problems like encroachment, garbage, drainage, roads, streetlights and water supply,\" said a Noida Authority official. \"Two text messages will be generated on the receipt of a complaint. One will be sent to the officer to whom the complaint relates with his name and contact number, while the other SMS will have the complainant's name, telephone number and nature of problem,\" the official explained.\"As soon as the problem is addressed, the complainant will be contacted. Only when the complainant is satisfied with the redressal will the chapter be closed,\" he added. If citizens are unhappy with the reply, they can complain again. This time, the grievance will be forwarded to a senior officer, and will be dealt with on a priority basis. On the first day of its launch, the service recorded 40 complaints.The Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate, MKS Sundaram has revived the e-suvidha service in an attempt to make e-governance effective. The DM has also created a profile on facebook and residents can connect with him through his username - DM GB Nagar.People have been corresponding with the DM and sharing their problems related with issues like traffic, cleanliness, etc. So far, nearly 65 mails have been recorded against which action has already been taken. The police, in collaboration with Noida Authority, are also mulling setting up of a dedicated call centre for property and cyber crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13089426", "title": "MLC elections: Charges of horse trading fly thick and fast", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The battle for legislative council elections of Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli constituency is heating up. Main parties Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have started accusing each for horse trading and filed complaint with state election commissioner.Rahul Puglia of Congress-NCP alliance and Mitesh Bangadiya of BJP-Shiv Sena alliance are main contenders. Supporters of both the contenders have started war of allegations and counter allegations. In a letter forwarded to chief electoral officer of state, City Congress president Gajanan Gawande has alleged that Mitesh is purchasing the voters (zilla parishad and municipal council members) through his son Kirtikumar. \"They are openly playing money game. So far Mitesh has purchased around 100 voters and sent them out of station. It is blatant breach of election norms,\" Gawande alleged. He demanded precautionary measures to curb the malpractice and action on Mitesh.In a counter complaint filed by district general secretary of BJP, Devrao Bhongle alleged Congress candidate Rahul Puglia of horse trading and using political coercion to gain favours of voters. In a letter shot to state election commissioner, Bhongle charged that Congress had recently purchased the independent voters in similar fashion in mayor's election of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation. \"Congress being ruling party, its leaders think that they can do what ever they like in the state. They are offering huge money to purchase the voters. Hence action should be taken against Rahul Puglia,\" he demanded.Meanwhile Rajura tehsil president of Congress dada Patil Lande on Wednesday filed a complaint with local police station alleging rival leaders of abducting three women councillors. \"Congress councillors Priyadarshani Upre and Deepa Karmankar and NCP councillor Asha Khandale have been offered bribe of Rs 5 lakh and have been 'abducted',\" Lande alleged in a complaint filed with Rajura police.He blamed Mitesh, his son Kirtikumar, Gajendra Jhavar, Prashant Gundawar and others. He feared that more of such 'abductions' may take place in near future.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087506", "title": "Calcutta Medical Research Institute celebrates International Nurses Day", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta Medical Research Institute observed International Nurses Day - celebrated on May 12 every year on Thursday. Eminent women from different walks of life took part in a panel discussion on the role of an empowered women in changing the work empowerment. Renowned choreographer cum social activist Alokananda Roy said, \" Women should inspire themselves first and should feel proud in whatever profession we are in\".The panelists also talked of touched upon opting for nursing as a career and said that associating dignity with the profession should be the focus of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088709", "title": "Dreaded MP dacoit may be in city, cops sniff for clues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is on the lookout for a dacoit from Indore. In fact, all PCR vans on duty are carrying the photo of Suraj alias Tony who is wanted in one of the biggest murder-cum-dacoity cases of Indore.\"We generally put up posters of look out notice offenders. But here, we have been tipped off by the Madhya Pradesh police that he might be hiding in Delhi,\" said a source at the police headquarters.\"We have decided to take up the case on a priority basis as he is known to shoot his victims for the most weird reasons,\" said the source.Sources have also confirmed that the accused was a member of the Pardi Gang in Madhya Pradesh.Cops said that the accused Suraj was one of the robbers who had murdered a timber merchant, Jasbir Singh Chhabra, and fled with cash and jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh from his house in Indore's Juni Indore colony on May 7. Suraj was also involved in the murder of a prominent doctor in Indore in 2009.Acknowledging that the PCRs has been asked to carry out active \"lookouts\" for the accused Sanjay, special commissioner of police (operations) Deepak Mishra said that this was a better exercise as it gives \"certain mobility\" to the entire operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13089434", "title": "Naxal leader arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli police on Wednesday arrested deputy commander of Naxal dalam Subhash alias Lalasay Walko (20) who had played a key role in Pustola landmine blast. 13 CRPF jawans were killed in the blast on March 27.The police arrested Walko in dense jungle during anti-Naxal operations. Cops claimed that he was involved in Naxal activities since the last three years. He was a member of Chatgaon Dalam. Since last one year he was serving as deputy commander of Potegaon Dalam.Investigations revealed that he was involved in Markegaon and Hattigota massacre of police and Mungner encounter. Walko had also taken part in Naxal operations in Kanker district of adjoining Chhattisgarh.An offence under relevant sections of law has been registered against Walko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088443", "title": "HC issues notice to teachers, but stir to continue", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday issued a notice to the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) for its response to a petition challenging its strike call and the decision to boycott the assessment of answerscripts.However, despite the government claiming to have accepted their demands, teachers affiliated to MFUCTO said they were not in favour of calling off the strike.A petition filed by the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) had sought action against teachers and associations that had given the strike and boycott call.The boycott call had led to the state attempting to get the answersheets checked by contractual and non-permanent teachers. The petition claimed that this was contrary to the interest of students. Contending that the process of admissions would be delayed, it urged the court to direct the teachers to return to work and correct the answerscripts.Meanwhile, at a meeting in Jalgaon on Thursday, college teachers from across the state decided not to report for assessment duty as they were not satisfied with the assurances given by the state. The teachers even claimed that the education minister had failed to keep his promise.The state's higher and technical education minister, Rajesh Tope, on Wednesday announced that the state had agreed to the striking teachers' demands and expected them to resume work within two days. \"Strict action will be taken against teachers who do not report to work tomorrow. Even the colleges will be asked to initiate action against them,\" he said on Thursday.However, the teachers claimed that the minister had gone back on several of their demands in the signed minutes given to them. The promises made were not even time-bound, they contended. \"Even for the NET/SET issue, they (authorities) had promised that they would regularize the appointment of teachers affected. The minutes say the state will go back to the UGC to seek clarification. The process will be time-consuming. So, we have decided to continue with the strike,\" said C R Sadasivan, MFUCTO member and president of the Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTU).\"We are prepared for any kind of action that the government initiates against us, but the strike will continue across the state. The government will have to accept our demands. There are several universities in the state where not a single paper has been assessed yet,\" Sadasivan said. However, Tope had on Wednesday said the vice-chancellors of all state universities told him that the results would not be affected as most of them had completed 50% of their assessment work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "13091689", "title": "Proteas must learn teamwork from IPL stints: Makhaya Ntini", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: South African cricketers tend to perform better as individuals rather than as a unit and they must learn a few lessons in teamwork through their stints in the ongoing IPL, feels former Proteas paceman Makhaya Ntini.\"Most of the South Africans playing in the IPL are performing very well,\" Ntini told the daily Business Day.\"Perhaps that's because they are playing in different teams and not together. Our players tend to perform better as individuals compared to a team. That's often their downfall and it's something I don't understand,\" he added.Ntini's comments came in the wake of fine performances by Morne Morkel, Dale Steyn and Jacques Kallis who are among the top 12 wicket-takers in the IPL. Batsmen Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers were among the top 15 run scorers.\"When the guys play in the IPL or in our own provincial sides they perform excellently and that should also go for when they're playing for the country,\" Ntini told the daily.\"But when they are together they don't peak as a team in the same way as they do when they are playing as individuals for other sides and obviously we need the guys who are playing well now to also do so for South Africa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089344", "title": "Step up Manchelwar manhunt, CP tells crime branch", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay issued instructions to the crime branch on Thursday to net master swindler Haribhau Manchelwar who has remained untraceable for almost a year now with more than Rs 9.47 crore of depositors' money. The depositors had invested money in lucrative schemes offered by Manchelwar who went missing from Solapur last year.An offence against Manchelwar, his wife Meenabai and her sister Nisha Sangrapawar for fraud and criminal breach of trust were registered at Kotwali police station last year. Meenabai and Nisha were arrested but Manchelwar has remained elusive. There was protest morcha to Kotwali police station too but soon the heat subsided. It was learnt that the amount of fraud can go upto around Rs 30-40 crore and about 300 victims.So far, 166 depositors have come forward to record their statements after crime branch took up the probe. It has been learnt many established professionals like doctors, engineers and some government officials too had invested with Manchelwar since 1997.The economic offences wing of the crime branch, under deputy commissioner of police Dilip Zalke, has been investigating the matter. Though crime branch has recorded statements and seized a number of properties belonging to Manchelwar worth lakhs, the accused has remained out of grasp.Dhanvijay directed Zalke to step up the manhunt to nab the swindler. \"We welcome inputs from citizens and any information about Manchelwar,\" said the CP. He added that officials would be rewarded, if they can net Manchelwar.According to crime branch source, police had been scanning the details of the phone calls of the family members and also placed them under vigilance but there has been no clue. The family members have been also frequently changing their mobile phone numbers as depositors had been harassing them for refund but that has hindered the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089150", "title": "Supreme Court seeks expert committee report on GM field trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the central government-appointed expert committee tasked with recommending rules for bio-safety testing of genetically modified organisms (GMO) to submit its report on desirability and feasibility of field trials for GMOs.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar passed this order on PILs filed by Aruna Rodrigues and NGO 'Gene Campaign'.The court said the expert committee would also examine the safety measures to be taken during field trials if these could be permitted. The petitioners had said the rules relating to bio-safety testing of GMOs needed to be framed expeditiously as anything released in the environment during field trials of such organisms could irreversibly contaminate traditional crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089028", "title": "Children\u2019s home staff in dock for \u2018harassment\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Allegations of child abuse have been levelled against the manager of a child welfare home in Tughlaqabad Extension. Two girl inmates of the home-Prayas-have complained to the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) that the woman had been harassing them for quite a while.Reacting to the complaint, CWC ordered an inquiry and found the allegations to be true (a copy of the report is with TOI).Thereafter, the committee ordered police to register a case of cruelty towards children and investigate further. Cops will register the case soon and then record the statements of the children under Section 164 of CrPC.The girls had alleged that they were not being given food and forced to do personal chores of the manager- from cleaning her house to washing her clothes. The girls stated that due to petty faults, they were made to sit on the stairs for nights.CWC, in its probe, recorded the statements of both parties. The woman manager apparently admitted to have kept the children hungry and out of their dormitories. \"When confronted about the allegations, the manager stated that she used to get manicure and pedicure done and eventually paid them for it. She admitted that she punished the children by keeping them hungry and out of their dormitories. She has denied other allegations,\" read the CWC report.CWC concluded that both children had indeed been abused in Prayas and that the manager was the abuser. \"It is shocking to see that such an institution has been completely ignorant of the legal requirement of putting in a child friendly environment in place and there is an urgent need for making the staff aware of what constitutes maltreatment, abuse and neglect,\" the report read. Prayas, on the other hand, denied all allegations levelled against them and said that the institution had a child friendly environment.\"The allegations are baseless and untrue. The manager against whom the charges have been framed is a bright and talented employee. She has been found to take care of the children in the best way possible. There are cleaning staff in the premises and we don't allow any child to indulge in such activities. \"Also, children at Prayas have access to an open kitchen, so they don't need any permission. The girls were just asked to remove their ornaments; and as regards allegations of forcing them to perform manicure and pedicure, those are vocational courses for girls. It was not to punish them,\" said Arun Grover, director, Prayas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087780", "title": "BJP clears Alina's name for Cortalim", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata party's state election committee on Thursday finalized the name of Alina Saldanha, widow of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha, as the party candidate for the Cortalim byelection to be conducted on June 2.A BJP election committee meeting was held at the party headquarters in Panaji . Speaking to TOI, BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar said, \"During the meeting, Alina's name was proposed as a BJP candidate for the byelection and the election committee unanimously finalized the same.\"After the state election committee finalized the name, it was forwarded to the parliamentary board for final announcement. \"We have forwarded the name of Alina to the parliamentary board in Delhi and by tomorrow (Saturday), the name of Alina would officially be announced in Delhi,\" said Parsekar.Alina is likely to file her nomination on May 14 as BJP candidate to contest the byelection. The Cortalim seat was left vacant after the death of Matanhy due to cardiac arrest in March 21. Matanhy was elected on a BJP ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088382", "title": "3-month-old girl dies, kin blame polio, DPT shots", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-month-old girl from Dahisar died hours after she was administered polio and DPT vaccinations by civic health workers.Blaming the vaccinations for the girl's death, her family claimed that there could be no other explanation for the tragedy. While the police registered a case of accidental death, the civic authorities said the girl might have had some other complications. Initial probe revealed that eight other children were vaccinated using the same vials, but there were no reports of any complications yet.On Wednesday afternoon, health workers from an Arogya Kendra in the Kokanipada slum of Dahisar went around asking the locals if their children had been vaccinated. At Ramesh Devkari's home, they were told that the former's three-month-old daughter, Megha, had to be vaccinated when she was six weeks old but she missed it. \"We had gone to visit our native place in Nepal when Megha was to get her polio vaccination. So, when the health workers came home, we told them that Megha had missed her vaccination,\" said Ramesh.The workers then asked him and his wife Manisha to take the girl to a civic Arogya Kendra. Once there, the workers gave her two injections -polio and DPT (diphtheria, whooping cough and tetanus).Megha got her vaccination shots at 12.30pm. Within three hours, she started getting a fever. \"They said she might get fever and even told us to give her medicines if that happened,\" said Ramesh, adding that Megha's fever receded a few hours after they gave her the medicines. \"By 11.30pm, she was much better and was playing with us. After that, we went to sleep,\" said Ramesh, who works in a jewellery-making unit.However, when Megha's mother woke up around 4.30am the next day to feed her, she found that the girl was not responding. \"We tried to shake her, but she never woke up,\" said Ramesh, whose wife was inconsolable on Thursday after the two rushed to Bhagwati Hospital and were told that their daughter was dead.Sub-inspector Mahesh Girme of the Dahisar police said: \"The child's body was sent for a post-mortem and some organ samples would have to be sent for forensic tests. We would be able to ascertain the cause of death and take action only after we get the reports. However, this might take months.\"The civic authorities said they would check the condition of all the children who got their shots from the same vials. \"We will check them for signs of any complications. We will also look into the entire batch of medication that we have got from the state. Only a forensic probe would reveal whether the girl died because of the vaccines or it was a stray incident, and if she was suffering from an existing condition,\" said Dr Arun Bamne, joint executive health officer, BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089518", "title": "Property assessment to be completed in 6 months", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has vowed to fast track the revaluation and assessment work of properties for tax purposes pending for last many years. The delay is causing not only great inconvenience to the citizens but also losses to NMC.Deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, who is also a former staffer of NMC's property tax department, said the plan would be finalized once the decision on property tax based on ready reckoner was taken. \"There are around 5.50 lakh properties in the city. Their revaluation has to be undertaken every five years. Process was started in 1998 and then again in 2008 but not completed. Revaluation of only 25-30% of properties was done in 2008 when base rate-based property tax was implemented. Private agencies were also roped in for the work in 2011 but nothing could happen. This has led to discrepancy. Citizens whose properties were revaluated are paying higher tax while others pay very low tax. Now revaluation will be completed in six months,\" he said.Jadhav also said there were over 70,000 new properties awaiting assessment. \"That work will also be undertaken. Many such properties are located on the outskirts of the city. Many open plots are also to be assessed. We are also thinking of going in for computerization of property tax department,\" he said.In 2010-11, then chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi had informed that over 1 lakh properties needed to be assessed. Joshi even conducted surprise inspections at zone offices and exposed many files pending for assessment. During tenure of Vikas Thakre as mayor, a big scam was exposed in the assessment of new properties. Thakre had also suspended many staffers from the department. NMC had even obtained satellite images for bringing all properties under purview of tax. But nothing was done on the ground.Meanwhile, Mayor Anil Sole, Jadhav, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke along with the officials on Thursday visited the construction site of Namantar Shaheed Smarak at Indora square in North Nagpur. Jadhav said the work was expected to complete by December. \"Smarak will pay tributes to 10 persons who sacrificed their lives for renaming Marathwada University after Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar . It is being constructed on 2,225 sq mtr land at the cost of Rs 1.58 crore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088761", "title": "Avoid undue haste, board member writes to Kalakshetra chairman", "text": "CHENNAI: Industrialist A C Muthiah has written to Gopalkrishna Gandhi, chairman of the Kalakshetra governing board expressing his support for reinstatement of Leela Samson as director of the foundation. Muthiah, chairman of Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation Ltd. (SPIC), is also a board member of the foundation.The letter, dated May 8, 2012, reached Gandhi ahead of the governing board meeting on Friday to discuss Samson's resignation as director. After informing the chairman of his absence from the meeting, Muthiah in his letter, expressed despair at the way the issue is being handled \"in undue haste.\"\"It is sad that Kalakshetra has to lose a person of Samson's standing. It is mysterious that she was asked to step down unceremoniously,\" wrote Muthiah. \"My request to you and other members of the governing board is to immediately reinstate her for a period of not less than 5 years and spell out the delegation of authority of director and deputy director and ask her to look out for her successor,\" it said.Samson had resigned as director of Kalakshetra last month saying that the governing board was not happy with her holding the post after the age of 60. \"For an institution of Kalakshetra's standing, age should not be a bar. What we need is a person so eminently suited such as her to run the institution,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "raniganj", "code": "13087454", "title": "'Coal mafia' held in Hooghly", "text": "RANIGANJ: Raniganj police on Thursday morning arrested notorious coal mafia Kamal Das from Hooghly's Mogra. Kamal will be produced in court on Friday.Kamal was picked up for his reported involvement in smuggling 150 tonnes of coal on January 10, this year. On February 29, Kamal was implicated in another FIR lodged at Burdwan's Galsi police station after police intercepted nine trucks loaded with coal. The 160-tonne of smuggled coal would have fetched Rs 50 lakh.Kamal's purported links with Burdwan-based coal mafias Rajesh Jha and Kale Singh were investigated earlier but police came up with no conclusive evidence to arrest him. Many believe the reason for Kamal evading law , while others have been in and out of jail, many believe is the tremendous political clout that he enjoys.Kamal's family has links with Congress - his elder brother, a public prosecutor at Chinsurah, had even contested against CPM's Rupchand Pal. But Kamal maintains a rapport with all politicians, cutting across the divide. Of late, he was reportedly hobnobbing with an influential leader of the ruling political alliance in the state.Earlier, Kamal was arrested from Hooghly's Mogra in the wee hours today. He was arrested in the January 10 case lodged at Ranigunj police station for smuggling of 150 tonnes of coal. Police then had seized six truck loads of illegal coal, which was allegedly being taken to Dankuni from Purulia.a special task force of Asansol- Durgapur Police Comissionerate raided Dankuni, Gurap and Mogra, all in the Hooghly district, and arrested one Prem Agarwal and seized 30 tonnes of coal from a godown. Agarwal revealed Kamal's name, but the subsequent police raids in January at Kamal's Mogra home yielded nothing for he had given then a slip.Ajay Kumar Nand, police commissioner, Asansol- Durgapur Police, said, \"Acting on a tip off, police have arrested Kamal Das from Mogra.We will forward him to court on Friday and plead for police remand to enable interrogation. He is a known coal mafia of Hooghly district and resident of Mogra but there was no case against him in Burdwan district before. The first specific case against him here is the Raniganj case on January 10.\"Nand said organised illegal coal trafficking has stopped in Raniganj coalfield area and most of the big coal mafia dons like Kale Singh, Rajesh Jha, Joydeb Mondal have been arrested in the past one year and released after court granted them bail. \"We are creating new checkposts for special checking of coal-loaded trucks at strategic points,\" he added. The Police Comissionerate has also urged the state government to cancel trade licenses of soft coke factories operating in Salanpur, Kulti, Baraboni belt without any valid coal linkages, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088011", "title": "CID to probe forest officer's death; job for family member", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Thursday decided to order a CID inquiry into the death of assistant conservator of forests Madan H Nayak, in Dandeli, near Karwar, on May 7. The government has also decided to give a job to the next of the kin in the family.Forests minister C P Yogeshwar told TOI that chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda held discussions with forest officials on Wednesday before deciding on a CID probe. Besides, the government has decided to shut down illegal resorts and homestays located near the Kali river in the Uttara Kannada district.Nayak, 55, was attacked with a stone by a group of unruly tourists when he asked them not to throw meat in the river to attract crocodiles. The officer died in a Dharwad hospital on Wednesday. Police arrested 16 tourists, but are said to have released 10 under pressure from a police sub-inspector from Bagalkot.Kin for cops' suspensionSlain assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Madan H Nayak's family had come to Dandeli for holidays, when tragedy struck them. Now all they want is that the entire group which targeted them and allegedly killed their father, be arrested. Police released 10 of the 16-member group, while the rest are absconding.His wife, Sumati, and three children are in a state of shock. Nayak's cousin K R Nayak said Dandeli police, who arrested the killers and later released them, should be suspended.Elder daughter Meghana is doing M.Sc in bio-chemistry, while younger daughter Greeshma is pursuing BE in architecture. Son Shishir is in Class 10. Nayak stayed alone in Dandeli, while his family was in Hubli as the children were studying there.Family friend Dr Sanju Nayak said the ACF was bleeding profusely when he came to the police station to lodge a complaint against the attackers. He had suffered head injuries.But the PSI in the Dandeli Rura police station delayed recording his complaint, and while doing so, deliberately left out IPC section 307 (attempt to murder) in the FIR, including only sections 323, 324, 504 and 417. It was added only when police learnt that Nayak's condition was deteriorating and that he was in the ICU, Sanju Nayak claimed.Many organizations, including dalit bodies, have demanded action against people who have tried to take re8fuge under the SC/ST Act. On Thursday, Pratap Reddy, IGP, Western range, Inkanglo Jameer, deputy commissioner, and other senior officials visited Dandeli for an on the spot assessment of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13090113", "title": "HC admits Tota's appeal against conviction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday admitted an appeal filed by former Punjab agriculture minister Tota Singh against his conviction in a corruption case. The court also issued notice to Punjab vigilance on Tota's plea for bail in this case.The former agriculture minister is on interim bail from trial court Mohali till June 5. Now the case has been fixed for further hearing for May 17.A special court of Mohali had sentenced one-year rigorous imprisonment to Tota Singh on May 5 for misusing official car during his previous tenure as state education minister from 1997 to 2002.In his appeal, Tota Singh has pleaded that he was given a private vehicle with unlimited fuel and there was no need for him to misuse the official car. The minister also submitted that the lower Court, in its judgment, had cast serious aspersions on the investigating agency. He submitted the investigating agency was biased against him and he was implicated in the case.Tota Singh was sentenced after convicting under section 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption (PVC) Act. The court had also slapped a fine of Rs 30,000 on him.However, he was released on bail on production of a surety bond of Rs 25,000 and was given time till June 5 for filling an appeal against these orders. If he fails to get any relief from the HC till June 5, he will have to surrender before the Mohali court.Case against Tota Singh relates to a car number PB65-A-270, which was issued to one Veena Dada OSD to the then chairman of the Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) for her official purpose but the said car was actually used by Tota Singh and his family members in their constituency. The case was registered by the state vigilance Bureau Punjab in 2002. During the trial Veena Dada tried to save Tota Singh by claiming that she had actually used the car while visiting with education minister for the official purpose. However, court found that Veena Dada had actually countersigned the entries in the logbook of that car but it was not being used by her, thus misused by Tota Singh and his family for personnel purpose. Court, however, acquitted Tota Singh from two other charges of disproportionate asset (DA) and misusing of telephone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13093387", "title": "SC refuses to entertain AI's plea against Indian Pilots Guild", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today refused to entertain Air India's plea for initiating contempt proceedings against Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) for allegedly obstructing implementation of its order on training of pilots for Dreamliner aircraft.A bench headed by Justice T S Thakur said that they (pilots) have done nothing which amounts to contempt of court and suggested the airlines to speak with them to sort out the differences.\"They have done nothing for obstruction of justice or to bring disrepute to the court. Your problem is with them. You sit with them and sort out the differences. Don't resort to contempt proceedings,\" the bench said.It further said that if the strike is illegal, then the airlines can take action against them.\"Rest assured that if there is slightest contempt of court, then we would ourselves initiate proceedings against them,\" the bench further said.Air India had yesterday moved the apex court seeking initiation of criminal contempt proceedings against the office bearers of the guild by resorting to protest action, which, it said, disrupted international flight operations of the airline and amounted to contempt of the apex court orders.Air India had said the action of the IPG was in violation of the April 23 and May 2 orders of the apex court by which it was made clear that the training programme will be imparted in equal ratio to the pilots of pre-merger Air India and erstwhile Indian Airlines.The IPG, whose members have been reporting sick, are protesting the national carrier's move to send pilots from both Air India and erstwhile Indian Airlines in equal numbers to get trained for flying the Boeing 787 Dreamliners, the first of which is likely to be inducted later this month.The training programme is going on from May 8 in Singapore.Air India's counsel Lalit Bhasin had said the \"armtwisting\" act by the IPG was coming in the way of administration of justice.The matter reached the Supreme Court after Air India had appealed against March 13 order of the Bombay High Court which had restrained the national carrier from sending any pilot from Indian Airlines for training to fly Boeing 787.Later, on April 23, the High Court order was stayed by the apex court which had made it clear \"that the training imparted to the members of the IPG shall remain subject to the final outcome of the writ petition and shall not prejudice the rights and contentions of the writ petitioners before the High Court in any manner\".The apex court had asked the High Court to expeditiously deal with the matter and dispose it of within six months.However, the IPG had filed an application in the apex court.During the hearing of the application, Air India had submitted that \"an equal number of pilots, as have been deputed from the erstwhile Air India, shall be deputed for training from out of the erstwhile Indian Airlines pilots also with effect from May 8, 2012 on a Boeing facility\".The court had noted that \"in the light of the statement the apprehension expressed by the petitioner/applicant (IPG) that only Air India pilots are being or may be deputed for such training is misplaced\".The May 2 order also recorded the statement of IPG's counsel that the statement Air India's lawyer was \"indeed sufficient to allay the apprehension expressed in the application\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088673", "title": "Auto union wants Rs 20 minimum fare", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto union leader Sharad Rao on Thursday demanded minimum autorickshaw fare of Rs 20 for 2 km. He made this submission before the one-member Hakim committee set up by the government to decide on fare revision formula.A back of the envelope calculation shows that Rao in fact is asking for Rs 5 hike in fares but wants the minimum distance fixed at 2 km. Currently, the minimum fare for 1.6 km is Rs 12 and for 2 km it works out to Rs 15, but Rao wants the minimum fare to be hiked to Rs 20 and the distance fixed at 2 km. For every additional km, the union has proposed Rs 9.\"In Bengaluru, you have a minimum fare of Rs 20 for 2 km. We want a similar model to be introduced here. The subsequent fare should be decided by the Hakim committee based on a proper survey of autos,\" he said.Rao also criticized the ongoing survey conducted by Andheri and Wadala RTOs and said they were \"unscientific\" and \"stage managed\". He said the union has submitted a detailed form to former Union secretary P M A Hakim and wanted several parameters including cost of living index, daily and family expenses of drivers, cost of maintaining CNG vehicles, insurance charges, interest on auto loans and fuel expenses on idle kms (auto running without passengers) to be taken into account. Rao also opposed the committee's terms of reference. \"We oppose the metric system of 1 km and demand that the minimum fare should be for 2 km,'' he said.On Thursday, the Andheri RTO conducted survey in eight-hour shifts by deploying five autos and five taxis in western suburbs. \"We asked autos and taxis to take passengers through crowded lanes during peak hours-for short as well as long distances. We had a RTO inspector, an activist and union member following the vehicles,'' said deputy RTO Shailesh Meshram.The Wadala RTO plans to conduct surveys on autos on May 12, 13 and 14, said deputy RTO Abhay Deshpande, while for taxis it will be on May 12, 14 and 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088501", "title": "Ordeal not over for girls \u2018rescued\u2019 from Mumbai pub", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents and relatives of the 16 girls and women picked up by the police from a Khar discotheque last month and sent to a rehabilitation centre for sex workers had hoped for relief on Thursday, when they were to be produced in court. Instead, they were outraged as only eight were brought.\"They did not bring along all 16 because the relatives of some of the girls had spoken to the media about the police's highhanded and humiliating action,\" a parent said.The husband of one of the women said, \"My wife has not been brought here (the court) today and my entire day has been wasted.\"Rubbishing the allegations, a police officer said, \"The rehabilitation home handed over eight girls to us to be produced in court and we just brought them over here. It is not true that we did not bring some girls on purpose.\"The court told the police to hand over custody of the eight girls produced before it to their parents or guardians after verification of the relationships-a process that will take a few days. Until then, the girls will continue staying at the rehabilitation centre, which is in Deonar. The police said they will produce the remaining girls in court on Friday.On April 29, a social service branch police team led by assistant commissioner Vasant Dhobale raided Khar's Madness discotheque and arrested the pub manager, along with five staffers, under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA). The police said the pub was promoting prostitution. They said they had \"rescued\" the 16 girls in question, who were soliciting.But their parents said the girls were in college or employed in private firms. The police, in fact, allowed one of the girls to go to Nagpur to take an examination.The mother of one of the girls said her daughter had gone to the pub for a birthday party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087887", "title": "Cities must be designed for people, not vehicles: Centre for Science and Environment", "text": "PUNE: Urban transport planning is in deep trouble as cities do not follow the principles laid down by the national urban transport policy, which says cities must be designed for people, not vehicles. With roads rapidly losing the capacity to transport more people, pedestrians and cyclists are being edged out, the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) has said in its recent observation.The New Delhi-based CSE recently held a day-long international consultation on 'Our right of way: walk and cycle'. In its findings released at the conference, the CSE strongly pitched for walking and cycling to support scaling up of public transport in cities.The CSE has observed that a serious mobility and pollution crisis can be averted if public transport is scaled up along with walking and cycling. This scaling up is possible only if walking and cycling are equally scaled up to improve access to public transport. Each and every public transport trip begins and ends with a walk trip. Even a 50 per cent increase in public transport ridership will increase demand for walking, needing significant expansion in walking infrastructure. \"Unfortunately, obsession for seamless, signal-free travel for vehicles through flyovers, expressways and elevated ways is disrupting direct, shortest routes of pedestrians leading to increase in distance and travel time for them,\" observes the report.Pune is increasingly becoming a pedestrian-unfriendly city even though 37 per cent of the people walk to their destinations, while 18 per cent use bicycles. But these commuters are among the most ignored in traffic planning and at risk because they have to share the roads with motorised modes. This grim picture, reflecting callousness towards pedestrians and cyclists, has been put forth in the concept note for a comprehensive transport policy (CTP) for the Pune Municipal Corporation. \"Pedestrians form the most important component of traffic and transportation and one that is, sadly, the most ignored,\" the concept note said.\"Today, roads are laid out, designed and built, all with an automobile (or two-wheeler) in mind. Not enough consideration is given to other users like pedestrians, cyclists and public transport. Heritage sites and open spaces are increasingly being sacrificed to accommodate the needs of private auto-vehicles,\" it added.The CTP note says that 40 per cent of all the major roads in the city have no footpaths and where they are present, there is low use. \"Footpaths must give pedestrians a continuous, convenient and comfortable walkway. They must be adequately wide, continually navigable with no or minimal breaks and free of obstructions. In their absence, pedestrians tend to use the carriageways, endangering themselves and impeding the flow of traffic,\" the note added.The CSE's earlier findings on how walkable our cities are do not tilt the balance in pedestrians' favour. The centre found that in most Indian cities, pedestrians outnumber those using vehicles. \"Yet, walkers remain invisible in the maze of motorised traffic that chokes our roads. Pedestrians walk in extremely unsafe and hostile conditions, in constant conflict with motorised traffic and are easy victims to crashes and accidents. Countless people trip over potholes, slip on sludge, or are grievously hurt by bumping into numerous obstacles strewn along the footpaths. There is continuous erosion of space for walkers even though every journey begins and ends with a walking trip. Our civic authorities have little respect for them,\" the findings said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088776", "title": "Man steals from cop\u2019s house to bet on horses, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man was arrested in West Mambalam on Wednesday night on charges of stealing gold jewellery from a sub-inspector's house in Vepery.Raj alias Maniraj, 28, of Kolathur, who confessed to the crime during interrogation, told police he stole Rs 15 lakh worth of gold jewellery from the house of sub-inspector Shanthi of the Tiruvottiyur police with the help of his friend Babu alias Dory Babu of Vepery, who has already been arrested by Ambattur police.Raj, who had been involved in several cases of waylaying and house break-ins in Ambathur, Vepery, Periamedu and Korattur, told police he had committed the theft to take part in horse racing and lead a luxurious life. He told police that he spent lavishly on horse races and women.Police recovered the jewellery and Raj was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13087703", "title": "New authority to guide Gujarat International Finance Tec-city development", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government has constituted a new urban development authority, dedicated exclusively to Gujarat International Finance Tec-city (GIFT), a joint venture of the state government and IL&amp;FL.; It is called GIFT Urban Development Authority.A senior government official said, \"The aim is to ensure guided development of GIFT, including 160 proposed high-rise towers, the 1 lakh square yard Delhi's Pragati Maidan-type exhibition area to be built by the India International Textile Machinery Society, half-a-dozen multi-layer parking lots, and residential blocks.\"With the formation of the GIFT authority, Gandhinagar Urban Development Authority (GUDA) will cease to have any jurisdiction over GIFT's 886 acres area, of which 673 acres have been acquired and the rest are going to be acquired shortly. Of the 673 acres which have been acquired, 652 acres are government land.The GIFT authority will be chaired by state urban development secretary IP Guatam, and its members include roads and buildings secretary, GIFT chairman and managing-director, Gujarat's chief town planner and Gandhinagar district collector. Its CEO is an additional collector-level official, JK Astik.\"The new GIFT authority will have the right to put up development plan for GIFT, introduce town planning schemes, monitor the type of construction activity which will take place in the area, and work out infrastructure layout,\" a senior official said. He added, \"It will grant building construction permissions to the proposed developers of high-rise buildings, one of which, Diamond Tower, will be 400-metres tall, on the condition that necessary permissions are taken from the Airports Authority of India.\"Gujarat government has also declared the entire GIFT area as notified under section 264A of the Gujarat Municipalities Act, 1963, which empowers the GIFT authority to provide civic services in the 886 acres area. Right now, two towers are under construction, one by Larsen and Tourbo and the other by Al Nakhira Construction (ANC), Dubai , which specializes in high-rises.Each tower will cost Rs 260 crore. Under planning stage are 500 apartments for executives working in GIFT, apart from 8,000 houses for lower-income groups.GIFT director RK Jha says, \"We have tied up with nationalized banks for providing financial services from the two towers. Nearly four lakh sq feet of one of the two towers has been almost booked. Of its seven lakh sq feet area, five lakh is saleable, while the rest will have restaurants and other common facilities. The units stationed in the software technology park (STP), Gandhinagar, have shown interest in shifting immediately to GIFT area. Their facilities are being built. Besides, the exhibition complex will be built shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13081893", "title": "Vidya Lakshmi in Nayattu", "text": "Model-turned-actor Vidya Lakshmi, who made her acting debut in a negative role in Asuravithu, will next be seen in P Chandrakumar's Nayattu.\"The movie has five lead actors and I play one among them. It is a new-age thriller, which revolves around the lives of youngsters working in the IT field,\" says Vidya Lakshmi, for whom it was a great learning experience working with director Chandrakumar. \"He has been in the industry for more than two decades, so he knows how to bring out the best in each actor. At the same time he was very strict. However, we did have a lot of fun on the sets,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "adarsh colony", "code": "13091213", "title": "This numismatist got his first coin from grandma", "text": "Adarsh Colony: An ancient coin he received from his grandmother in 1999 cropped the interest of collecting coins in Nishant Mittal, who has coins and currency notes of Australia, UAE, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Japan, UK, Hong Kong, USA and Canada in his collection today.Nishant, 24, even has coins from the Mughal period and those released by the East India Company. The young boy has been all the more serious about his interest in numismatism since 2011, he says. \"It is the Indian coins from the pre-independence era which is a major attraction among my collection apart from a separate collection of five rupee Indian coins in different designs,'' he adds. Nishant says collecting these coins hasn't been a cakewalk and he has travelled quite a good distance for collecting a few.\"My journey as a numismatist has just started and would go down a long way. I have even got Indian currency notes from the 60s and 70s which is very rare,'' says Nishant. Even his father Vijay Mittal shares the interest in coins and currency, but he never had a collection. \"Whenever he spots any ancient coin, he gets it for me. Even my relatives know about my hobby and keep contributing to the collection,'' adds Nishant. Running a marriage bureau at present, Nishant, has never been to a numismatists' exhibition so far, but would certainly participate in one in future. It is an interesting and educative hobby, says Nishant, adding, \"I collect not just coins but even information regarding their origin and history.''\"People have even asked me to sell them a few coins, but I never parted with any of my coins. They are like my personal treasure,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092310", "title": "I still cringe at my acting in Murder: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "While I am mighty pleased Jannat 2 has hit the bull's eye, I cannot help but look back at my nine-year journey in Bollywood. What immediately comes to mind is Murder (2004), my first hit. I can never forget the film that left an indelible mark on my career and life, and brought me to where I am today.I was nobody when Murder clicked. Actually, I never wanted to be an actor. I might have gotten into special effects for all you know. I remember doing my first film Footpath (2003) just for a lark. It was like a summer job for me. I wasn't playing the lead and the film turned out to be a flop. Even then, it gave me more than I had imagined. With Murder , I got my second chance. Here again, it was the film that had chosen me and not the other way round.However, if and when one tastes success, he wants to succeed all the time. It happened to me after Murder . I understood how a film garners attention. I understood the meaning of box office success. Importantly, I understood what the film business is all about. It was the sex in Murder that sold. Mallika Sherawat's bold image contributed to the film's success in a big way. And full marks to Anurag Basu , who wielded the megaphone. Murder was far ahead of its times. It was extremely bold but also got its fair share of criticism.I heard a lot of dissent myself, even at the office. I overheard things like \"Yeh actor kaise ban raha hai, he can't dance, his acting is questionable.\" There was an entire conservative section of society that shunned Murder . However, I was not apologetic about it. I knew I wasn't per ceived as a traditional hero but I also understood I had created a certain slot for myself. At the time, I had only two options. I could have changed tracks and developed some weird aspiration that I want to become another Shah Rukh Khan, falling flat on my face. Else I could have worked on becoming a unique brand unto myself. Fortunately, I chose the latter.However, I still cringe when I see my performance in Murder . I faltered. I fumbled. Bhatt saab (Mahesh) told me to draw my emotions from real instances. \"Don't fake it,\" he ordered. \"Develop your own individuality,\" he thundered. Ever since, his advice is firmly entrenched in memory (smiles). Yet, Murder will always hold a special place in my heart.As told to Vickey Lalwani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092997", "title": "Indian moms storming into real estate", "text": "First influencers, then catalysts and now storming into what can be conveniently called the last male bastion - real estate.Indian mothers have indeed come a long way to prove that the challenging job of realty business can be managed along with family responsibilities and bringing up the children. Ravi Sinha salutes the mother.When the mother of a three-yearold baby, Ramya Agnihotri (name changed on request) joined a Mumbaibased real estate company, her neighbours had suspicion in their eyes and colleagues were visibly uncomfortable in the presence of a woman. It took around a decade for this marketing director to scale up the professional ladder but more than that, the real challenge was to make sure she is treated on an equal footing as an employee and alongside, not neglecting the upbringing of her child.Similar is the story of Anuradha Gandhi, director, Property Solutions (I) Pvt Ltd, a Kalpataru Group company, where she leads the project management, facility management and mall management services of the company. Gandhi is well-qualified to face the multiple challenges of the real estate sector professionally but the larger challenge at hand is bringing up her two daughters while taking up the demanding job of real estate. \"I come from a progressive family where I had supportive parents and an encouraging husband but looking back, I feel times have really changed.Even in our organisation, now around 30 per cent employees are women\" smiles Gandhi.However, all mothers in real estate did not enjoy this comfort zone. Ashwin Puri, CEO of Mumbai-based PPZ had to deal with a lot of challenges on the job. It is difficult for a working mother to take up key positions in this industry as it thrives on relationships, networking and contacts. It is challenging for a woman to stay late for dinners, share a drink with a developer in the evening to build relationships. These realities put women on the back foot. \"At one point of time, I was lucky to get an opportunity to work as a development consultant whose role starts from undertaking a full site and catchment appraisal, to preparing a detailed design brief for architects and controlling the entire design development process and a project team to adhere to this brief and vision of the developer,\" she adds. \"Earlier, not many women got such openings but today, there are many such opportunities which would suit a woman and she would add immense value despite the existing practical constraints,\" shares Puri.Renuka Chohan, head of corporate planning, RNA Corp, had a supportive husband and loving mother-inlaw who never questioned long duration official tours, late hours and leaving her only son behind. \"Earlier, there were very few women and that too, mostly in architecture and design. Now, working women are everywhere in real estate including sales and marketing. If you are a mother of a small kid back home, society by and large, is accepting it as a way of life now,\" beams Chohan.As Ashwin Puri says, \"Women are making a steady progress in this industry and in the recent twothree years, I find myself smiling to see more number of women as a part of the project team which was not the case earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13091635", "title": "Centre arranging gunny bags for Madhya Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government is trying to arrange gunny bags for Madhya Pradesh, Food Minister K.V. Thomas said Thursday, reacting to reports from the state of shortage of bags used for storing food grain.\"An assessment was done for Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Assam for grain storage and requirement of gunny bags. The MP (Madhya Pradesh) government had said they would purchase 50 percent of the bags from outside,\" Thomas said at a workshop on strengthening public distribution system and food fortification here.\"Later, they (the government) said this purchase is not possible so the state fell short of the bags. Now we are making proper arrangement of gunny bags for MP, and planning is going on,\" Thomas said.The two-day national workshop is being organised by the ministry of consumer affairs and the United Nations World Food Programme.Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had blamed the central government for the shortage of bags. He said that the lack of gunny bags had caused huge losses since the state could not procure a large amount of food grain due to the shortage of bags.\"We have planned it with the chief ministers of the states. This issue has been discussed in parliament also and there is no politics in it,\" Thomas added.Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee had said in the Lok Sabha that the government was supporting creation of storage facilities through its viability fund and by providing concessions in interests as long-term storage methods.He said Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh had procured more grain than estimated, which caused the shortage of bags.Jute bag producing units in West Bengal have also been told to increase production by 25,000 sacks from the present monthly output of 2.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092395", "title": "Not magical always!", "text": "Move over private aircraft and plush villas, looks like celebrity couples have found a new way to express their love and strengthen relationship with the spouse - getting married again,to the same person of course!How romantic! This celeb-driven trend has been in vogue for sometime now and is believed to up the chances of compatibilty between the couples. Now, before you say 'really'? Let's take a look at some of the celebrities who made this attempt. Not that it worked for all of them. While Mariah Carey reaffirmed her marital commitment to Nick Cannon at the Eiffel tower, Kim Kardashian who has done the same in the past is fighting a divorce battle.On her first wedding anniversary, American pop singer Leann Rimes chose to do something different. She renewed her wedding vows with actor hubby Eddie Cibrian . The singer shared her happiness with her fans on Twitter with, \"Renewed our vows today....it's incredible to thank each other for the past year as husband and wife. Here's to another great year!\" Adding, \"Couldn't stop crying while renewing our vows.\"Whoever said romantic destinations were for newly weds. Mariah Carey &amp; Nick Cannon celebrated their wedding anniversary by renewing their vows for the third time at the Eiffel Tower in Paris ! Can someone ask for more?Perhaps the trendsetters had tough luck. Yes, we are talking about supermodel Heidi Klum and her singer husband Seal who renewed their vows every year since their first wedding in 2005. A mini 'Banaras' was created on Mexico's Costa Careyes beach as the celebrity couple renwed their wedding vows in a Hindu wedding ceremony on their third wedding anniversary. A pandit flew all the way from Varanasi to perform the ceremony. Sadly, all those efforts couldn't do much to save their marriage.American socialiate Kim Kardashian renewed her wedding vows with hubby Kris Humphries only five weeks after her wedding. And they chose Ellen's show to do the same. On the Ellen DeGeneres Show, Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries dressed the part, wearing complete wedding attire to renew their vows. Kim infamously split from Humphries and has filed for divorce just 72 days into their union last October.Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore reaffirmed their commitment to each other in Israel to quash rumours of Kuthcer's infidelity. However, news of their separation soon followed!Singer Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony chose to renew their marital vows in a star-studded soiree held to celebrate the housewarming of their sprawling mansion in the Hidden Hills as well as their 6th anniversary. But looke like the magic of renewal failed to work as Marc filed for divorce last month citing \"irreconcilable differences\"American actor Josh Duhamel's first year of marriage to Black eyed peas' female vocalist Fergie was rocked by controversies and scandals. Perhaps this is what prompted Josh Duhamel to initiate the wedding vows renewal idea. Duhamel whisked Fergie away via private helicopter from Los Angeles to a luxe beach resort in Santa Barbara to wed again in a private ceremony.Dallas Mavericks' forward Lamar Odom gave his wife Khloe Kardashian the most romantic surprise of her life on their first wedding anniversary. He arranged for her to be blindfolded and took her to the same home where they tied the knot to renew their vows in front of friends and family. The ceremony was followed by a lavish party too.Beverly Hills , 90210 actress Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott walked down the isle again on their 4th anniversary in a sand box, symbolizing the beach in Fiji where they got married. Tori is now pregnant with their fourth child. The interesting part of the whole affair, however, was that their children were witness to the wedding!In one of the fairy tale celebrations, Patrick Swayze and Lisa Niemi renewed their wedding vows at their Mexico ranch. Patrick even told in an interview, \"We did it very Prince Charming and Snow White...I rode in on a white stallion.\" However, the actor-dancer died after losing the battle to pancreatic cancer.American television artists Jon and Kate Gosselin did their renewal at their dream destination Maui in Hawaii. Sadly, things did not work out for better and the couple divorced a little over a year later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087690", "title": "Cut-off to be higher in engineering", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is some good news for wannabe engineers and pharmacists. This year, all those aspirants for a career in engineering or pharmacy are likely to get admission. The reason is simple - the number of seats in Gujarat's colleges matches the number of students who cleared XII (Science).This year, 48,900 students have cleared their examination and are eligible for admission to engineering courses. The number of seats available in engineering colleges is just a little over 56,000.\"We have seats for all students who have cleared their examination. Students are advised not to take admission on management quota seats,\" said M N Patel, the member secretary of the Admission Committee for Professional Courses.The results of XII (Science) this year is better - 672 students have got 99 per cent marks in science subjects as compared to 537 in 2011. Not just that, this year 13,546 students have cleared their examination with over 80 per cent marks, while the number was 11,298 students last year.This is likely to increase merit marks in engineering branches like mechanical, computer, civil, automobile, instrumentation and control and information technology. College administrators expect that these branches will have a higher merit this year - at least by 5-6 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087128", "title": "Pramod Kumar shifted to Puzhal jail", "text": "COIMBATORE: After being discharged from the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) and sent to Coimbatore Central Prison, Inspector General of Police (IG) Pramod Kumar has now been shifted to Puzhal Prison on Thursday on medical grounds.The IG gave a petition to the prison superintendent A Murugesan and demanded better medical facilities. He claimed that his ECG and blood pressure was not normal. According to a source, prison hospital doctors also recommended the prison authorities to shift him to Puzhal prison in Chennai. On Thursday around 10.30 am, he was shifted to Puzhal prison from Coimbatore by a car along with a team of police.According to prison officials, based on medical grounds, the SP has the power to shift the prisoner to other prison. Later, the officer would get permission from Assistant Director General of Police (ADGP), prisons. Therefore, Pramod Kumar was shifted to Puzhal prison. However he would be shifted back to Coimbatore prison when as soon as his health condition improves.The CMCH doctors claimed that his health condition was good and he doesn't need any medical treatment of the time being.Pramod Kumar was arrested on May 2 in Delhi and he was produced before the CBI court here on May 3. The medical report said that his ECG was abnormal. Kumar claimed that the arrested anti-social elements during his tenure as IG-West Zone have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison. He demanded to be shifted to Puzhal Prison. But the court sent him to CBI custody for five days. Kumar was later produced before the court on May 8 after the custody where he again sought for a transfer to Puzhal prison however was sent to Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088808", "title": "Plea against Deshmukh transferred to Aurangabad", "text": "MUMBAI: In a breather of sorts, the Bombay high court on Thursday transferred to its Aurangabad bench a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in 2010 against former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, whose trusts had allegedly been allotted land reserved for a school for deaf and mute children in Latur.The trust registered in Latur was controlled by the Deshmukh family. Vilasrao, who was CM in 2004-05 when the land was allotted, was and continues to be the trust's president. The trust had sought the land for the construction of a school for physically challenged children as the reservation was for such a school, but he constructed a commercial mall with shops and offices, though the plans were initially approved for a special school.The first floor was let out to Vikas Sahakari Bank, whose chairperson is his son, Amit. With no tenders, the shops and bank premises were leased at a paltry amount and the construction was in clear violation of the lease deed, said the petitioner, Vishal Yadav, a resident of Latur who sough information under the right to information (RTI) about the allotment and development.After getting the land, the trusts applied for a change of reservation on the land from 'school' to 'commercial user'.The government in July 2006, when Deshmukh was CM, allowed the change in reservation despite objections from the assistant director of towns/municipalities, whose office in Mumbai said the land must be returned to the state as it was in violation of the Town Planning Act.Deshmukh refuted the allegation and after a detailed hearing on the merits of the petition, the bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah on Thursday transferred the hearing to Aurangabad, citing a similar order in a 2007 PIL also filed against the former CM and land allotted to his trusts in Latur. That PIL had challenged the allotment of 2,00,000 square metres of land owned by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to the Vilasrao Deshmukh Foundation, a public charitable trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087401", "title": "Midnight sand markets flourish post ban", "text": "HYDERABAD: At the unearthly hour of 4am on Thursday, Krishna Nagar area near Jubilee Hills bustled with activity with a convoy of sand laden lorries parked on either side of the road and eager customers, comprising builders, masons, plot owners making a beeline negotiating the best deal for a full or half lorry of sand. The midnight-to-morning sand market (a routine feature every night) had customers jostling and haggling for the best deal, some even indulging in panic buying with traders hard selling that sand supply from neighbouring states would stop in a few days.But once the sun was out, the 30 lorries that had dotted the road all night disappeared much like the darkness. The entire stock of sand was sold out, the high price notwithstanding. By 7am, the crowds had left and there was not a single sand granule on the road to indicate that a midnight market flourished here just a few minutes ago.Sand mining in the state may have come to a grinding halt following the ban imposed from April 1, but local sand markets like those in Krishna Nagar remain unaffected and are, in fact, doing brisk business after the ban. Traders at these markets admit that the ban has worked in their favour as they have more than doubled the price, making a better profit now.The Krishna Nagar sand market sells close to 600 to 800 tons of sand everyday mainly for construction activity in and around Jubilee Hills, Banjara Hills, Madhapur, Gachibowli, Kondapur and other nearby areas. There are similar markets that come to life every night at Erragadda, L B Nagar, Uppal and Miyapur-Kukatpally stretch, each doing brisk business after the ban. The cost of regular sand until recently was Rs 750 per ton but is now being sold for Rs 1,700 per ton. Fine sand that was sold for Rs 800 per ton is now going for as much as Rs 2,000 per ton. \"They have increased rates by Rs 200 in just one day,\" said P Krishna, a contractor, who was buying sand at the Krishna Nagar market in the wee hours of Thursday. \"My work has come to a halt since last month because of the increasing prices. But now I fear, the situation will remain the same for a while and decided to buy.\"Sand traders said they were getting their supply from Nanded in Maharashtra and that is the reason why the rates have skyrocketed. Previously, the sand sold here was sourced from Krishna, Khammam, Karimnagar and East Godavari districts.However, traders have mastered the art of selling sand despite its poor supply and high cost of procuring it. Making a pitch for his high-priced sand, G Rajesh, a sand trader from Vijayawada and owner of three lorries, said, \"We are facing a lot problems while bringing sand from Maharashtra. We have to take permits and bribe local authorities. In fact, we are selling at a lower price and very soon the prices will increase so it's better people take it today.\" Another trader chipped in: \"The sand mining in all other neighbouring states will stop in a few days and getting sand will be impossible then.\"And sky is the limit for a ton of sand. A sand trader quoted the price of fine sand as Rs 2,200 per ton and when asked why he had priced it so high, he winked, \"I am getting this sand illegally from Bhadrachalam and it's a very risky affair. If you want check the sand, it is of superior quality.\"Despite the high cost or shortage of sand, those desperate to keep their construction activity going do not have much of an option. S Santosh, a builder from SR Nagar, who is constructing residential apartments said \"I have ordered for a truck load of 22 tonnes of sand and paid around Rs 38,000. The same would have cost me less than Rs 18,000 until a month ago. But I cannot stall the project as I am afraid the cost of other construction materials and even the sand price may go up further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089384", "title": "Transporter block road: NMC, Cops turn blind eye", "text": "NAGPUR: While on one hand the anti-encroachment operation is being carried out in the city in full swing, NMC and city police have turned a blind eye towards a transporter who has blocked a major portion of the road at Automotive square.A transport company, Tuli Crane Services (TCS) has illegally blocked not only a free left turn at Automotive square by parking cranes but has also occupied a major portion of the Ring Road by parking defunct trucks. Parking of cranes has blocked the movement of vehicles coming from Indora chowk heading towards Jaripatka ring road. In the past too, TOI had reported how the transporter is disrupting traffic.It seems that both NMC and city police have turned a deaf ear towards the several complaints made by residents, awaiting a major mishap on the busy road before taking any action. In fact, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal during inspection of the road repair works at Rani Durgawati square road last year had expressed concern and directed both traffic police department and NMC officials to initiate action against the transporter, but in vain.Besides, major portion of the road along both sides from Automotive square to Mehandibagh railway overbridge has been encroached by transporters.Interestingly, the Indora zone traffic police office is also situated nearby. As per residents and motorists, money and muscle power seem to be stopping not only NMC, but also police from taking action against the violator.Meanwhile, as many as 75 encroachments were removed from various commercial areas near Sakkardara square during the second-day of the anti-encroachment drive on Thursday.The drive led by additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, deputy engineer Dilip Jamgade and Nehru Nagar zone's assistant municipal commissioner D D Patil started the drive from Sakkarada square and continued it till Gajanan Chowk. The squad also cleared encroachments between Sangam Talkies and Tiranga Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087835", "title": "Amnesty scheme for industries that defaulted on power bills", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) has announced an amnesty scheme for 8,948 industries in Pune zone that collectively owe Rs 64.62 crore in arrears to the power company. Supply to these industries was disconnected for default.A statement issued by the Pune zone of the distribution company said that the defaulting industries included high-tension and low-tension units. \"If these industries pay the pending original bill amount, then 50% of the interest burden and 100% fine on the arrears will be waived off. If industries pay 20% of the interest amount along with original bill amount by June, the remaining 30% interest will be waived off. Units that clear their respective arrears will be given new electricity connections,\" the statement said.These 8,948 industries have commulative arrears worth Rs 64.62 crore, which includes Rs 49.75 crore of actual bill arrears by March 31, 2012, Rs 1.02 crore fine and Rs 13.85 crore interest on the bill arrears.As per the amnesty scheme, the defaulting units will be able to save Rs 7.95 crore of interest and fine if they agree to clear the dues. Industries that pay actual bill arrears and 20% interest on the arrears will be able to save Rs 4.15 crore as 30% of their interest liability will be waived off, the statement said.The Rasta Peth, Ganeshkhind and Pune rural circles have 8,787 low-tension industries that have faced disconnection of power supply because of arrears. \"If these units pay actual bill arrears of Rs 20.07 crore accumulated till March 31, 2012, they will save Rs 4.16 crore worth of fine and 50% interest liability. The 161 high tension industries will get concession of Rs 3.79 crore in fine and interest liability if they pay their actual bill dues\", the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087953", "title": "Sonography centres: Anti-Corruption Bureau told to probe", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday granted two months' time to DG, Anti-Corruption Bureau, to probe the irregularities committed in taking action against the guilty sonography centres across the state and pinpoint the officials who failed to ensure effective implementation of (Pre conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques) PCPNDT Act for checking female feticide.The order came on a petition filed by one Ritesh Tiwari, an on-contract law enforcement expert previously posted in NRHM department, Jaipur under department of health and family welfare. Tiwari was suddenly removed by the state minister of medical and health without any notice on the basis of 43 charges framed in a concocted manner on August 8, 2011.Tiwari challenged his removal from the post of law enforcement expert, Jaipur and handing over of the charge to one Praveen Kumar of Tonk on the basis that there is serious malfunctioning in the department and since he was working to enforce the Act resulting in his removal. He also refuted all charges leveled against him.During the hearing of the matter on Thursday, additional advocate general, R P Singh conceded before the court that the matter is of great public significance and action is being taken by the state government but since the records of the department are huge the ACB would need two months to investigate the matter and do the needful.Mayors to join hands in fighting female feticideJAIPUR: A day after actor Amir Khan visited the city to plead for speedy trial of female feticide cases, mayors of four districts of the state joined hands to eradicate the social evil. During the state mayor counseling meeting on Thursday held at the Directorate Local Bodies (DLB) headquarters, the mayors discussed their role in fighting female feticide. Bikaner mayor Bhavani Shankar Sharma, said, \"The mayors will also join the campaigns of the state government to stop female feticide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13087785", "title": "Navelim loser Churchill is still on Congress list for Cortalim candidature", "text": "MARGAO: The Congress may have only nine MLAs after it was decimated in the March assembly elections, but the party seems determined to fight the Cortalim bypolls using all its might.That the Congress has in mind the arithmetic-the game of numbers-and is fully focussed on Cortalim seat, became clear on Thursday when the top brass of the party deliberated on the Cortalim seat at a meeting in Kesarval.\"The Cortalim byelection is a crucial election for the future political course in Goa and we will field the best candidate. We are probing different channels on finding a single candidate who can defeat the BJP and we are confident that this victory will set the trend for the future,\" said general secretary of the All India Congress committee (AICC) and in-charge of the Goa desk Jagmeet Singh Brar, He also stated that they were keeping an eye out for the 2014 parliamentary elections.\"We have taken the views from the party workers from Cortalim, other senior leaders and within two days we will announce the candidate,\" said Brar. He further added that the party was in talks with other like-minded parties who are friendly to it in working out a 'joint strategy'. AICC secretary P Sudhakar Reddy and Congress state president Subash Shirodkar were also present.That the Congress high command wants its leaders to wrest the seat from the BJP for which its leaders would have to bury the hatchet was also obvious. According to Reddy, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday gave a clarion call at her first address to the Congress parliamentary party (CPP) after the electoral setbacks in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa. He added that he and his senior, Brar, were in Goa primarily to discuss the Cortalim byelection but also to unite the party and strengthen its base right from the grassroots.The Congress leaders are also aware that a one-to-one fight would be a good strategy to fight the BJP. \"There is a consensus that against the BJP there should be a united candidate and it should be a one on one fight,\" admitted Brar.When asked if the party was to field a consensus candidate or support any outside (other than from Congress) candidate, Brar said that he was not in a position to say that at this point of time. \"The final decision will be taken by the high command but in my personal opinion, I feel the Congress should field its own candidate,\" added Brar while stating that the name of many new faces also came up as aspirants.Congress sources stated that based on recommendations received, the likely names of two of the three candidates shortlisted are those of Goa pradesh mahila Congress president Cynthia D'silva and Raymond D'sa and that former minister Churchill Alemao is also in the running.Former contestant D'sa who has emerged as a front runner has said that if the party were to offer him the ticket he would gladly accept while D'silva when asked seemed reluctant and said that she would have to speak to her supporters. Sources said that at the meeting, some of the Cortalim party workers expressed their dissatisfaction about the way tickets had been distributed during the last elections.Both the leaders however stated that in last assembly elections, the party had admitted that there were a few mistakes in the overall scenario but that it was not as bad as it seems. The statistics, they said, as far as poll percentage was concerned, was quite decent.When pointed out that the Dabolim MLA who was the election campaign in charge of Cortalim in the last elections was absent at the meeting, Brar said, \"Mauvin Godinho will be utilised in a dignified way and we have already spoken to him but he is out of station at the moment.\"Brar said that the BJP had no moral right to talk about 'family raj' after looking at their own cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087341", "title": "We are here for the long haul: Blackburn owners", "text": "PUNE: B Balaji Rao, wholetime director Venky's who own Blackburn Rovers, has clarified that the English football club is not up for sale and promised major changes at the club.\"We are here for the long haul,\" insisted Balaji in an exclusive chat with TOI on Thursday. \"We have absolutely no intentions of selling the club. Me, my brother Venkatesh and my sister (Anuradha Desai), our entire family, has fallen in love with the club. We cannot sell it.\"Blackburn got relegated from the EPL for the first time in 11 years. While criticism came in from many quarters, including fans, the Pune-based owners had remained elusive to the media.After a long pause, they have now broken the silence. Balaji Rao said the talk of club being up for sale and consortiums being sought in West and East Asia are just not true.Understandably, the club's demotion has hurt the owners too just like the thousands of Blackburn fans in England. \"We were certainly not expecting to be relegated. It was the saddest bit of news for me since my mother passed away,\" said an emotional Balaji. \"But we will bounce back within a year.\"In an effort to reach out to the fans of the club, he said, \"I can understand fans will be upset with the relegation. We, the owners, sympathise with them.\"Balaji refused to comment on the sacking of the club's deputy CEO Paul Hunt though he confirmed the development. The official website of the club issued a short release which said: \"Blackburn Rovers Football Club can confirm that deputy chief executive Paul Hunt has left the club.\"According to the Mirror, Hunt was monetarily rewarded for leaking the letter which may have led to his sacking.After the last round of EPL matches on May 13 expect changes in the club, said Balaji.\"There will be lots of changes in the near future. We will bring in changes within the next month,\" he said without elaborating.Drastic cost cuts appear imminent. Balaji also remained mum on coach Steve Kean's future.On the issue of players leaving the club and whether efforts would be made to retain them, Balaji said, \"We cannot hold back players. Those who want to leave may do so. But let me tell you, 80 per cent of the players want to stay.\"On the positive side which may be looked at as a signal that the poultry giants intend to stay long term, Venky's have cleared all debts of the club. \"In the last month we have made the club debt-free,\" said Balaji. It included pumping in \u00a310m into the club as advised by their bankers, Barclays.Blackburn play their last EPL match of the season against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Contrary to the British media speculation, none of the owners will travel to England for the match, confirmed Balaji.Addressing the media in England on Wednesday coach Kean said, \"It is very simple. The owners are here for the long term, I am here for the long term. We are now taking one step backwards to push forward. I am confident we can get there. We have got new owners and I still think I am new into the job. We have taken a massive step back but we have to make sure we get back at the first time of asking. The owners are not going anywhere, I'm not going anywhere.\"We were certainly not expecting to be relegated. It was the saddest bit for news for me since my mother passed away. But we will bounce back within a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087444", "title": "Security to be beefed up to avoid campus clashes", "text": "KOLKATA: Clashes between two Trianmool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) factions at North City College for the past few months have become a nightmare for people those in the college neighbourhood.Following the fist fights and scuffle on Wednesday that injured many, too, fist fights and a scuffle broke out between the two factions, leaving several injured.The college governing body (GB) met on Thursday to find a remedy to the current problem. \"It is strange how regular incidences of violence can take place break out inside the college campus despite the presence of a police station right opposite to it. The main problem is that entrance of outsiders entry into the college isn't checked,\" said a senior teacheron Thursday.The GB has thus decided to beef up security on campus. \"The existing security arrangement is not sufficient. We have decided that the college authorities will hire additional private security. Simultaneously, ID cards will be issued to the students and faculty members to ensure that no outsiders can enter the college premises,\" said the GB chairman of the college governing body, Pranomoy Das.He added, \"There was meeting elaborate discussion on the prevailing unrest with most clashes having taken place outside the campus and spilling out on the streets. A section of the teachers feel that a solution should be chalked out mutually so that the college atmosphere improves.\"The college authorities have informed education minister Bratya Basu about the prevailing situation. Das said, \"Police will take action against those who were involved in clashes. If required, we shall cooperate.\"Incidentally, on April 30, an altercation between two groups of students over union polls at City College, Amherst Street, snowballed into a pitched battle on the campus, forcing police to arrest four youths from the spot.According to cops, the college was on the boil for the past couple of days over a tussle between two groups of Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters. The tension took had taken an ugly turn on April 30 and police had to chase students to restore normalcy. College authorities were forced to keep the college shut for a few days following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13091626", "title": "Log on to AICTE e-facility for graft-related plaints", "text": "BHOPAL: After the CBI recently arrested associate professors for allegedly accepting bribe from the authorities of a private technical institute, the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) created an e-facility to receive corruption-related complaints against visiting experts.In its official website, the vigilance wing of AICTE said it has set up e-facility to receive information, particularly regarding expert visits. The institutions and public at large are hereby informed that if they have any complaint regarding any expert visit they may send their feedback or complaint at aictevigilance@gmail.com for necessary action by the AICTE, according to its website.The CBI, Raipur branch, arrested six persons, including two associate professors of the MANIT, Bhopal for allegedly accepting bribe of nearly Rs 12 lakh from the authorities of private technical institute in Durg district of Chhattisgarh.In all, three associate professors, who were on deputation to the AICTE, were arrested. The associate professors of MANIT include Sanjay Soni and Rajesh Kumar Singh. The third--Manoj Kumar Kushwah belonged to Firozpur, Punjab. All three were caught red-handed in a hotel in Bhilai.Members of the AICTE inspection team were found accepting the bribe for issuing a report in favour of the institutes in alleged violation of the set norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089140", "title": "Post-marketing periodic safety update reports of drugs seldom adhere to norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post-marketing periodic safety update reports (PSURs) - monitoring the safety of a drug or device after it has been released in the market to look for serious side-effects - are being grossly overlooked in India.Though rules in India say that after the drug's launch, its side-effects, fatalities and injuries need to be documented in Indian patients once every six months in the first two years, and then annually in the following two years, drug companies are grossly abusing the rule.In order to scrutinize the compliance, 42 drugs were randomly selected.The parliamentary standing committee found that PSURs were available only for eight drugs, while no records were available for the remaining 17.The report says, \"The committee takes strong exception to such rampant violation of the mandatory requirements. The committee recommends that the Union health ministry should direct the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) to send a stern warning to all manufacturers of new drugs to comply with PSURs or face suspension of marketing approval.\"The committee observed that even in cases, where the PSURs were submitted, the frequency and/or format violated per rules. In the case of two drugs manufactured by MNCs (dronedarone of Sanofi Aventis and pemetrexid of Eli Lilly), the PSURs were neither India specific nor in the approved format as required by law.Some companies submitted PSURs for the products being marketed in the country, but very few PSURs were India-specific.\"The committee is of the firm view that there is a poor follow-up of side-effects in Indian patients both by doctors and manufacturers. The objective of PSURs is to collect information about adverse effects on patients in India which would help to determine ethnic differences, if any and result in dosage adjustment, revision of precautions and warnings, if necessary. The committee takes strong exception to such rampant violation of the mandatory requirements,\" the report said.The conventional system of locating side-effects through spontaneous reporting by doctors to either drug companies or drug regulators has been found to be unsatisfactory, the panel observed.\"The most effective system is by controlled post-marketing Phase IV studies on a very large number of patients. In the past decade, all the major adverse effects that led to banning of drugs were identified in large scale Phase IV trials. The ministry may wish to consider the possibility of using this format in the country,\" it said.The Union health ministry has informed the panel that they have recently launched a \"Pharmacovigilance Scheme\" that will enable CDSCO to collect adverse drugs reactions data in a systematic manner. This data will be used while taking decisions on banning/placing of restrictions on drugs along with data from abroad.Union health secretary P K Pradhan also informed that medical colleges are enrolled in pharmacovigilance in phases as monitoring centres. Forty-three colleges were already enrolled and they hope to go up to 75 by adding more.\"Determination of side-effects of marketed medicines is a complicated exercise that requires infrastructure, appropriate result-oriented methodology and expertise,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13090147", "title": "Haryana babus to travel 'cattle' class only", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Touted as one of the most economically developed states in the country, Haryana also appears to have been smitten by the recession bug.The babus of Haryana would now be able to travel only by 'cattle class' while travelling within the country, as the state government on Thursday put complete ban on domestic air travel in business class. The diktat would be applicable to all category of officers. The orders issued by the finance department of the state would directly affect around 178 IAS officers who are posted in the state on various senior positions.Importantly, the order has come a fortnight after the state asked its officers to travel by state-owned national carrier Air India .Besides complete ban on travel by business class, the state has also directed its babus not to purchase luxury items, especially air conditioners (ACs), carpets, costly furniture and expensive crockery for official use. Similarly, the heads of departments have also been asked not to purchase new cars and vehicles.The order has been issued to all the department heads of the state by the state finance department. The finance department has also directed heads of departments to affect mandatory five per cent cut in non-plan expenditure in domestic and foreign travel expenses, publications, professional services, advertising and publicity, office expenses etc.The 'economic slowdown' has not only restricted luxury item of babus but has also affected the manpower recruitment, as the state has also ordered for total ban on up gradation of new posts. \"Creation of new posts would be allowed only under exceptional circumstances by the finance department and posts lying vacant for more than two years would be filled up only after the approval of the department,\" the order reads further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088349", "title": "3 of family held for robbing senior citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: The Matunga police busted a gang of three that used to rob people, especially senior citizens living alone, after winning their confidence. The accused operated in the south-central region of Mumbai.The police said the gang comprised three members, including two women, who were related to each other. The accused, Shanti (25), her husband Md Naimullah (27) and her sister Rita Kode (29), were booked for robbery and trespass and remanded in police custody till Friday.Cops said the women used to pose as domestic help looking for work. \"They would convince their target to give them work and gain entry into their house. After a few days, they would tie up the owners and flee with jewellery and cash,\" said assistant commissioner of Police (Matunga division), Dilip Suryavanshi.The accused targeted three families in Kalachowkie, Colaba and Matunga over the past four months. Two of the victims were residents of Parsi colonies in Matunga and Kalachowkie, said the police.Suryavanshi said the police traced the accused to their home in Carnac Bunder with the help of informers. \"We got great assistance from residents of the area, who helped us with the descriptions of the accused and collection of information on their whereabouts. We will reward these people,\" he said. The police are in the process of recovering the booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092792", "title": "Android-based ViewSonic 3 smartphone comes to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: ViewSonic on Thursday launched first Android-based dual-Sim 3G smartphone, ViewPhone 3 in India. The device features a 3.5-inches touchscreen with 320 X 480 resolution and runs on the Android 2.3 operating system (OS). The phone has 512MB RAM and it is powered by Qualcomm 800 MHz processor. The phone sports a 5-megapixel rear autofocus camera.For connectivity, the device offers HSDPA 7.2mbps for browsing, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, USB port and tethering options. The phone memory is expandable upto 32GB through a microSD card. The other features include ViewScene 3D technology, 3.5mm audio jack, G-sensor, E-compass and 1500 mAh battery.ViewSonic 3 is available at price of Rs 9,990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13092108", "title": "CM to inaugurate project expo", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate Srishti 2012, a state-level project exhibition and competition for engineering students, at Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Adyar here on Saturday.MP Nalin Kumar Kateel and TCS, Bangalore centre head ES Chakravarthy will be the guests. ABVP zonal organizing secretary N Ravikumar will deliver the keynote address. Bhandary Foundation president Manjunath Bhandary will preside.Minister for IT, BT, science and technology Anand Asnotikar will be the guest at the valedictory ceremony to be held on May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088069", "title": "Nair's name not in Isro invite", "text": "BANGALORE: The Isro Satellite Centre (ISAC) is celebr8ating its 40th anniversary on Friday. Though the official invite includes the names of Isro's former chairmen like UR Rao and K Kasturirangan, it does not have that of another former chairman G Madhavan Nair.Asked if he was upset that he wasn't invited for the celebrations, Nair quipped: \"Can you expect that? It doesn't worry me much. If you have stab wounds all over your body, would you think about the bleeding? Suffice to say that I love Isro for its exhibition of space prowess, but some things can definitely change.'' Praising ISAC, Nair said: \"There is not a shred of doubt about the quality of personnel and technologies coming out of ISAC. This was proved beyond doubt by the way they ensured the success of Chandrayaan, India's first Moon mission.\"What would he suggest to further enhance the centre's abilities? \"Technologies coming out of ISAC is not a worry for me you'll get the best. What you need is an ambience to express views on highly technical subjects that could differ from conventional thinking. How much of that ambience is there these days is a concern in some quarters.\"\"One worry is whether new projects by Isro are getting approval. It seems to me that hasn't happened in the past two and a half years. We need to lift a certain fear complex to march forward on serious ideas of which ISAC has a good history,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089084", "title": "Man held at IGI with 50 cartridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person has been arrested from the IGI airport for carrying 50 live cartridges in his baggage, police said on Thursday.Gautam Gianchandani, who was to board an Air India flight to Hyderabad, was arrested on Wednesday night after 50 cartridges were found from his baggage by the baggage handling team at Terminal 3, a senior official said.Gianchandani had neither declared at the airline's check-in counter that he was possession of the cartridges nor did he produced any valid documents. The passenger was arrested under the Arms Act 1959 and Airport Act 1954. Gianchandani said that his arms license was with him at his house and he would produce the same, the official added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088692", "title": "Software flaw makes DJB bill users twice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thanks to Delhi Jal Board's chaotic billing system, many residents of CR Park have had to pay \"arrears\" for months for which they had already paid their bills.Once they realized they had been paying extra to the water utility, the residents approached the GK-I zonal office but the staff there could not explain the break-up and told them, incorrectly, that DJB could not issue copies of old bills.\"While the amounts were small, nobody really paid any attention to the billing structure and that we were being overcharged. However, when the billing amount went into a few thousands, we discovered what DJB had been up to. For some reason, their system does not take into account the last amount paid,\" said Keshav Agarwal, a resident of CR Park.\"For instance, my February bill will not factor in the money I have paid for January. The March bill will add on the February amount, after registering the January payment. However, by this time I have already paid twice for January, an amount that is never adjusted in future bills,\" Agarwal added.This month, P N Benarji and S Bhattacharya have got their bills brought down by more than 50%. Benarji's bill payable March 2012 was Rs 12,413.This included arrears of Rs 10,557, an amount that had already been paid much earlier and before the last date of payment. After many trips to the DJB office, the bill was finally rectified, and Benarji had to pay only Rs 1,856.Bhattacharya's bill dated April 27, 2012 was for Rs 5,197, and included the previous bill amount of Rs 2,688 as arrears. Bhattacharya made several rounds of the DJB and finally paid only Rs 2,509 for 3.5 months.But others like Sushma Mukherjee can't understand their bill and are being asked to pay Rs 21,643.\"Mukherjee first received a bill for August-December 2011 for Rs 2,326, which incorrectly included arrears of Rs 1,254. The next bill was for the period September 2011-March 2012 for an amount of Rs 21,643 that included the amount of the previous bill as arrears,\" said Agarwal.\"Not only are the bills overlapping, but no arrears exist. The meter readings are also incorrect. The billing system is in a complete mess. On the total bill, an additional 60% is being charged as sewer charges though most sewers are blocked,\" he added.DJB officials accept that the billing system is in a mess and a massive revamp is on the cards.\"We are aware that there were major flaws in the billing system and are working on a new model that will fix the problem,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13086699", "title": "3 day exhibition of stamps, coins and currencies from today", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Kottayam Philatelic and Numismatic Society, in association with Kottayam Public Library, is organizing an exhibition of stamps, coins and currencies at KPS Menon Hall here from May 11-13.The event is being to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the first stamp exhibition of Kerala, conducted at YMCA , Kottayam. Philately is the study of stamps while numismatics is the study or collection of currency including coins, tokens, paper money, and related objects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088802", "title": "JD(U), RJD slam Karnataka over youths' arrests from Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Janata Dal (U), joined by its arch political rival RJD, on Thursday criticized Karnataka Police and central agencies for arresting Muslim youths on terror charges from different parts of Bihar \"without informing the local police\".Raising the issue during zero hour in Rajya Sabha, JD(U) member Shivanand Tiwari demanded action by the home ministry against the agencies responsible for such arrests which were made without taking the state police into the loop.He said even after the recent meeting on NCTC, where everyone spoke about cooperation and coordination, Karnataka Police picked up many youths from certain areas of Bihar in a unilateral action. \"Why didn't the Karnataka Police inform Bihar Police? Is not such an act questionable?\" asked Tiwari.Supporting the contention, RJD member Ram Kripal Yadav said it was condemnable that \"we are treating Muslims as terrorists without concrete evidence\".An eight-member team of Karnataka Police had arrested Chinnaswamy Stadium blast suspect Mohammad Kafeel Akhtar alias Kafeel from Barsamela village under Keoti police station area in Darbhanga district on Sunday. Akhtar is an Islamic Studies teacher at Al-Hira school in Darbhanga. Akhtar's name had figured during an interrogation of other accused who was arrested in connection with the April, 2010 blast a few weeks ago.With members seeking a reply from the government on the issue, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat said he would apprise the concerned ministry of the members' sentiments.Tiwari said the home minister had given an assurance that provision 43(B) has been added to the central act (UAPA) under which the concerned police station will have to be informed from where an arrest is made.\"Several incidents have taken place in which the legal process was not followed. People from IB have picked up (youths) from Darbhanga and other areas as if they were carrying out kidnapping,\" he said.Tiwari alleged that the IB picked up cycle mechanic Shafique Ansari in February. The Bihar DGP has expressed his objection to it in a communication to the home ministry while the chief minister at a press conference on Monday slammed the arrest of a youth from Darbhanga by Karnataka police, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13089001", "title": "Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority moots changes in land allotment rules", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA) is mulling over the Bihar Industries Association (BIA) proposal to allow the allottees of non-productive industrial plots to develop multi-storey industrial complexes in association with others for micro and small units. Once the concept takes shape, the BIADA will amend the existing rules to facilitate the use of such plots for generating employment as well as entrepreneurship in the state.BIADA executive director Bhogendra Lal confirmed that the BIA proposal was under the BIADA consideration. He said the concept is old for other states but new to Bihar.There are several non-productive industrial plots which had been allotted by the government to develop industrial units in specific areas of Bihar. Most of them either became sick due to obsolete technology or remained unused.The BIA president, K P S Keshri, submitted the proposal for discussion at the BIADA's project clearance committee meeting on April 24.Keshri said the proposed multi-storeyed buildings can be constructed either by the allottees, whose industrial plots had become unproductive, or by any agency in agreement with the stake holder.According to sources, the BIADA is considering amendments to the rules for the better use of allotted industrial plots keeping in view the scarcity of land for setting up new industries. It is also considering amendment to the land allotment rules in order to provide plots to entrepreneurs in thrust areas, as per Bihar Industrial Incentive Policy 2011. Projects approved by State Industrial Promotion Board (SIPB) would get preference in land allotment.It may be mentioned that an industrial complex is being developed on 2.75 acres of land in Fatuha industrial area by Mumbai-based Aparna Industrial Promotion Council, a group floated by the Mumbai chapter of Bihar Foundation. It will accommodate 1,000 micro industrial units of skilled artisans of Bihar, who were working in different industries in and around Mumbai and became entrepreneurs by pooling money for setting up small industries at Fatuha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089546", "title": "Supreme Court permits Centre to withdraw 2G review plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-judge constitution bench of the Supreme Court on Friday will hear the presidential reference seeking the apex court's opinion on a host of queries arising from the 2G judgment, including whether judiciary had encroached into the executive's policy domain by mandating auction for allocation of natural resources including spectrum.The Presidential Reference No. 1 of 2012 is listed for hearing before a bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, J S Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi. In a 12-page reference under Article 143(1) of the Constitution, the President on April 12 had sought the court's opinion on eight questions, including the effect of the judgment -- which ordered auction of the 122 cancelled 2G licences -- on spectrum allotted since 1994 on a first-come first-served basis (FCFS).The main focus of the reference was \"whether the only permissible method for disposal of all natural resources across all sectors and in all circumstances is by the conduct of auctions\". The SC had held the FCFS method to be inherently flawed.The President had also reminded the court that the \"auction only\" route for allocation of natural resources seemed to run contrary to earlier judgments by larger benches of the apex court. The government argued that the FCFS policy formulated and followed by successive regimes was a viable route for allocation of spectrum as the purpose was to increase rural tele-density.The reference sought the court's view whether enunciation of a broad principle by the apex court in the 2G judgment did \"not really amount to formulation of a policy and has the effect of unsettling policy decisions formulated and approaches taken by various successive governments over the years for valid considerations, including lack of public resources and the need to resort to innovative and different approaches for the development of various sectors of the economy\".But on Thursday, the Supreme Court's February 2 judgment cancelling irregular allotment of 2G spectrum to 122 telecom licensees attained finality as the Centre was permitted to withdraw its petition seeking review of the auction alone route mandated by the court.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan nonetheless took affront to the Centre's May 8 letter requesting the CJI to \"constitute the bench at an appropriate date and time to avoid disruption of benches and any inconvenience to the learned judges\".It rejected the letter saying when the bench was already scheduled to sit on Thursday, there was no need for such a request. Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising made an oral request for withdrawal of the review petition while requesting the court to ignore the letter. The court accepted Jaising's request.Appearing for NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation' (CPIL), advocate Prashant Bhushan said it was unfortunate that the Union government was indulging in forum shopping.\"They are withdrawing the appeal as the court was not inclined to grant any substantial relief in the operative portion of the February 2 judgment. They now want to proceed with the Presidential Reference which raised identical issues mentioned in the review petition. This amounts to forum shopping and the court should not permit it,\" Bhushan argued.But the bench said if the Union government wanted to withdraw its review petition, it meant that the entire judgment was acceptable to it. \"The court has already dealt with the issues relating to 'first-come first-served policy' and 'auction of natural resources'. The petitioner has a right to withdraw the review petition. And we will not comment on the Presidential Reference. You (Bhushan) can raise the objections before an appropriate forum,\" the bench said.Jaising objected to the \"forum shopping\" accusation leveled by Bhushan against the Union government and said the court should not take on record the written submission given by the NGO's counsel.The bench said it had not taken on record the submission. \"We cannot say when the presidential reference will be heard and what arguments would be made during its hearing. But it seems the judgment is now clear in all aspects to the Union government which is seeking withdrawal of its review petition,\" Justices Singhvi and Radhakrishnan said.Through the Presidential Reference, the Centre wants to know \"what is the permissible scope for interference by courts with policy making by the government including methods for disposal of natural resources\".If a court cancels a policy decision terming it flawed, then what would happen to investments, including foreign direct investment under multilateral or bilateral agreements, made in the projects pursuant to implementation of the said policy decision, the President had asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13086940", "title": "Wankhede played like a Test wicket: Dinesh Karthik", "text": "MUMBAI: Two heavyweight sides, Mumbai and Chennai are dreading what most teams in the IPL relish doing , play at home. And the reason is the same. The 22-yard surface.Team Chennai skipper MS Dhoni wasn't too chuffed with the low, slow turners that Chepauk has consistently produced since the Champions League and their vice-captain , Suresh Raina even commented, \"It's nice to play a few games away. We'll get to play on better pitches.\" For Mumbai, the situation hasn't been any different . Their skipper Harbhajan Singh even went on record last week saying, \"Even we don't know what kind of wicket we are going to play on as a home team.\"Their No. 3 batsman, Rohit Sharma, had said, \"Sometimes we feel like we are playing at Perth,\" after the game against Team Hyderabad, where Mumbai struggled to chase 101.Indeed, batting first has been a problem at the Wankhede this season.Of the seven games played in Mumbai this year, only the Pune vs Mumbai game and Mumbai vs Rajasthan match were won by teams that batted first. All the other five were won by teams chasing. In fact, the average first innings score this season at Wankhede has been 141. Some of the totals batting first have been embarrassing . Pune made 124, Mumbai made 92 against Delhi, Hyderabad were rolled over for 100 by Mumbai.On Wednesday too, the Mumbai batsmen struggled to negotiate the movement in the pitch that led to them making just 141, a total that was below par for a powerful batting unit like Bangalore. And their top-scorer Dinesh Karthik wasn't too shy of attacking the wicket.\"There was a lot in it initially . It was damp. It was seaming around all over the place and it was almost like a Test match. We had to survive the first four or five overs.\"The wicket looked greenish brown on match eve which suggested a fair bit of moisture in it. But considering that the tournament is being played in May, watering the wicket well is a must, else it will disintegrate into a dustbowl, quickly. While match-day brought about a change in hue to light-brown , the dampness and the greenish tinge remained.The question is shouldn't the home side get wickets of their choice? Are the team concerned about not getting their way with the curator?\"Word's going around that we would like to get wickets that's good for shotmaking ,\" said Karthik, who top-scored with 44 for Mumbai .\"Whenever we have played on good pitches, we have come out tops. With the strength in our batting, if we get to play on good pitches, we can post big scores.\"There have been rumours about the Mumbai franchise not being too happy with Sudhir Naik, the curator at Wankhede.\"Let them say whatever they want to. I don't wish to react. All I want to say is, Mumbai seem to be making excuses for poor performances ,\" thundered Naik, who, as per IPL's rules, is not really answerable to the local franchise but is to work independently to put out a good track, which may or may not suit the home team.\"Didn't Bangalore bat and chase the total down with ease on the same pitch? Shouldn't the Mumbai team management look at some of the strokes the batsmen played? It's become a fashion to attack the curator when teams don't bat well. Mumbai didn't bat well, bowl well and they even dropped catches . That is why they lost. Now they are criticising the pitch. Let them do it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087123", "title": "MLC seat battle now between Sena and NCP", "text": "NASHIK: Only two candidates are in the fray for the election of the Legislative Council seat from the Nashik local self-governing bodies constituency, after three out of the five candidates withdrew their nomination forms on the last day of withdrawals on Thursday.Six candidates had filled up their nomination forms for the election scheduled on May 25, but independent candidate Amin Khan Haji Shabbir Khan's nomination form was rejected because it was not attested. Pawan Thakre (independent), Shaikh Salim of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and Congress rebel Rajendra Chavanke (independent) withdrew their nomination forms leaving the floor free for the two candidates to have a straight fight.A day before the withdrawal on Wednesday, meetings were conducted by political leaders to gauge the permutations and combinations to ensure that their party bags the MLC seat.\"On Wednesday, there was a meeting of all the opposition parties and it was decided that they would contest by supporting one candidate. It was decided at the meeting that the parties would support Shiv Sena candidate, Shivaji Sahane,\" said a senior leader of the Shiv Sena. He said that in a two or three days they would declare it after a meeting. \"Bharatiya Janata Party is our alliance partner and amongst the six constituencies where we are in power BJP has four places while Shiv Sena has two. So BJP should be supporting us now. Leaders of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena will discuss with their chief and decide whether to support us or not. Janata Dal is with us and Malegaon is likely to support us,\" said the leader.He said that leaders of all the opposition parties are unanimous on supporting one candidate but said that the parties were also aware that NCP is planning their own strategies to win the seat.When NCP candidate Jayant Jadhav was contacted, he said that with two candidates now there is no division of secular votes. \"It is a straight fight and easy for us to win. Malegaon is a region of minorities and they do not favour Shiv Sena. In addition, we have CPM, independents and other allies with us. Nandgaon, Manmad, Satana, Yeola, Sinnar has Congress-NCP in power. We also have won zilla parishad. Now we will visit the entire district and convince people to vote for us,\" he said.Jadhav said that the chief minister, deputy chief minister, guardian minister and revenue minister have handled everything very well. \"Soon revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal will have a meet soon to plan the startegies,\" he said.Sources revealed that Guardian Minister Chhagan Bhujbal's bete noire Congress MLA from Sinnar Manik Kokate was called by the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to Mumbai prior to the withdrawal of nomination forms to convince Kokate's protege and Congress rebel Rajendra Chavanke to withdraw from the fray.Sena candidate Sahane said, \"Shiv Sena is contesting the MLC election to win the seat and we are very much sure to win. Party leaders and Udhhav Thackeray will decide about the strategies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088647", "title": "Youth held for cyberstalking", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth in Buldhana district was arrested for allegedly creating a fictitious profile of a woman journalist on Facebook and posting obscene messages.Shyam Gajanand Bahekar (25) was remanded in police custody and the Mumbai cyber crime cell has recovered 8 SIM cards and three cellphones from him.According to the police, a complaint was filed by the scribe who works for a leading television news channel. The journalist complained that she has been receiving numerous calls from various unknown persons seeking sexual favours after viewing her profile on the social networking website. Investigators traced the IP address to Buldhana.The police are investigating if Bahekar outraged the modesty of other women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13089297", "title": "Three arrested in cheating case", "text": "AKOLA: Three persons were arrested and remanded to police custody till May 11 in connection with a currency loading cheating case at Central Bank of India ATMs on Monday last. They are Pandhrinath Modak of Deshmukh File, Shivaj Dutonde of Somthana and Dhananjay Dhore of Lahan Umri. Police also seized a car and flat.Modak, one of the accused, purchased an Indica from the money he defrauded. He also bought a flat in Ramdaspeth area. Police also seized the keys of the ATM and other objectionable materials from them. The arrested trio were the employees of a company which was given the contract of loading cash in ATM centres at several places in west Vidarbha.'Include ZP schools in urban area in AMC: 'Zilla parishad schools in urban areas should be handed over to Akola Municipal Corporation, demanded Nasir Hussain the chairman of Hamdard Minority Education and Sports Mandal. He submitted a memorandum to state education minister Rajendra Darda, who is also the district guardian minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087755", "title": "Repeat exam for failures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Higher School Certificate (science) students who have not passed in two subjects will be able to take repeat exams.In all, 14,312 students failed in one subject and 11,952 failed in two.Since semester system is being carried forward in HSC (science) from this year, a special repeat exam has been scheduled in October. After that, the last exam for students of old syllabus will be held in March 2013.Students who failed can clear the exam till March 2013 after which, they will be forced to take up the semester system and start taking exams from XI first semester. The semester system gives equal weightage to all four exams through class XI and XII for the final result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13091664", "title": "Young Malappuram reaps benefits of population growth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state's population control measures have been hailed as a runway success by national policy makers, but it is slowly but surely impacting foreign exchange remittance and labour force. There has been a definite decrease in foreign exchange remittance in central Kerala districts like Kottayam and Pathanamthitta - where there was a negative population growth rate- as compared to high decadal population growth in districts like Malappuram and Kannur.The remittance in Pathanamthitta came down from Rs 2,211 crore to Rs 2,079 crore between 2008 and 2011, while remittances in Malappuram increased by 39% from Rs 6,486 crore to Rs 9,040 crore in the same period. Last year, Kerala's total remittance was Rs 49,695 crore, with around 20% remittance coming from Malappuram alone.Census figures show that population growth declined by 3% in the age group of 20 and 34 in Pathanmthitta, while the population in Malappuram increased by 4% in the same age group in the last decade. Overall, there was an 18% increase in population in Malappuram, while Pathanmthitta saw a negative population growth in the last ten years.\"Decline of population growth in Pathanamthitta has directly impacted the foreign remittance in that district. Malappuram's is witnessing a population growth in its younger generation, so the remittances have gone up,\" said Centre for Development Studies chair professor Dr S Irudaya Rajan.Districts like Kottayam saw a meagre 1% population growth and there was just 6%increase in remittance during the last three years. Demographers say a majority of migrants are in the below 35 age group and there is a huge shortage of manual and skilled labour in United Arab Emirates, which forms of the bulk of migrant work force from Kerala. \"The migrant labour force mainly comprises people in the age group of 20 and 35. If we co-relate the census data and remittance figures, it is clear there is a huge shortage of labour in central and south Kerala,'' said Dr Rajan.He along with K C Zachariah has now published a new study on 'inflexion in Kerala's gulf connection' that studied the changing demographic pattern in migration over the last ten years. \"Nearly 40% of Kerala's emigrants live in UAE and 25% in Saudi Arabia. In the last 3 years, especially, after global crisis, Saudi Arabia has gained about 2% points and UAE has lost out by the same proportion,'' Dr Rajan said. It is estimated around 2.28 million Keralites live abroad now, as compared to 2.19 million people three years ago.Dr Rajan said around 85% the emigrants are in the younger age group.\"If women are excluded, the corresponding proportion would be as much as 90-95%,'' he said. Concurs associate professor of Tata Institute of Social Science in Mumbai D P Singh, \"If any state has a large number of young, employable youngsters, it represents an opportunity for economic growth. A mega city like Mumbai was built on the sweat and labour of migrants,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13092049", "title": "You can soon cruise on outer ring road", "text": "MYSORE: Call it the path to Mysore's progress. The Outer Ring Road (ORR), the expressway stretching 22 metres and connecting major roads, will be ready by June. Thereafter, motorists bound to places beyond Mysore can zoom on the six-lane expressway without having to enter the city.The ambitious Rs 347-crore project of Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) is nearing completion.The lane that helped the city stretch its boundaries and jack up value property value a decade ago, will help cut down traffic density at the tourist hub, and make the city roads safer.Funded by the Centre, the JNNURM project is aimed at helping Mysore maintain its Planned City sobriquet.The work on the 7.5-km stretch between Bangalore Road junction and Bannur Road junction has been completed, while that of the 8-km stretch between Bharath Cancer Hospital and Dattagalli is nearing completion. The works have cost Rs 99 crore. Electrification, road markings, signage and median plantation works are in progress on the 7.5-km stretch, which will be replicated all along the 32.5-km expressway.\"By June, the groundwork will be through and the expressway will be open,\" Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath told TOI. \"We've built the road according to international specifications and have extended facilities to ensure safety,\" he added.The work on the other 9 km will be completed by December-end, the commissioner said. FEATURESFootpath on either side is some 3 metre wide, while the service road is 5.5 metrer. There are bus bays at every 2 km on either side of the road, and median lighting at every 30 metre. Utility ducts have been provided at every 500 metre along the road.To drain water for the road's durability, box drain has been built between the main carriage and the service road, according to officials. The road provides connectivity to inter-state roads leading to Kerala and Tamil Nadu and to Kodagu and Chamarajnagar districts, cutting the city areas.The project is still lagging, even when it is divided into four packages to expedite the groundwork. When the detailed project report (DPR) was prepared -- which was eventually approved by the Centre -- the project cost was put at Rs 239 crore. This didn't have service lane on either side of the 32-km ORR. DRP was revised after the Centre pressed for the same.The revised DRP got struck at the Centre over who will fund for the service lane, before being approved finally. This contributed to the delay, the officials said. Though it was planned to be a six-lane carriage, initially it was built as two-lane road. However, the same is now upgraded. It is the stretch between Dattagalli and Nanjangud Road junction (a 7-km lane) which is lagging behind with some 50% of the works pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "13087382", "title": "Congress seeks poll panel help again", "text": "HALDIA: Congress on Thursday urged the state election commission (SEC) to immediately stop the poll process in a Haldia Municipality ward after the husband of a Congress candidate there was allegedly abducted and she was allegedly forced to withdraw her candidature. Congress also alleged that its candidate couldn't file nominations in five Haldia wards and requested the SEC to defer the last day for withdrawal.The incident took place around noon when Pronab Sen, a Kolaghat thermal power station employee and husband of Congress candidate Minu Sen, was allegedly abducted from near his office. \"Minu was then threatened to withdraw her candidature. Or else, her husband wouldn't be released, she was allegedly told. Minu did that and her husband was released within minutes,\" Congress general secretary Maya Ghosh alleged.Later, Congress general secretary Omprakash Mishra wrote to SEC Mira Pande: \"Congress nominee for Ward 9 had to withdraw her nomination. This withdrawal is under duress. This is illegal... The election process in this ward should be stopped.\"However, till late evening no complaint was lodged with police by the victims. Ghosh alleged she had apprised the East Midnapore SP of the matter. The SP refused to comment on it.Mishra further alleged that Congress nominees could not fill their nominations in five wards of Haldia municipality. \"This could not be done due to threats and intimidation of potential Congress nominees and even snatching of nomination papers. This is a dangerous situation, completely contrary to democratic norms and against the established principles of conduct of elections,\" he said.In the letter to the SEC he critised the state poll body for failing to act on his May 8 letter and appeals to her by the Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya and Congress minister Manas Bhunia. He appealed to the SEC to reopen the process of filling of nomination by Congress candidates in the five Haldia municipality wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087576", "title": "Govt altered hawking zone policy, say unions", "text": "KOLKATA: If implemented, the state government's hawker policy could spell doom for at least 10,000 hawkers who now ferry their wares within 50 metres of busy intersections. It would free up the Grand Hotel arcade, clear the congested Gariahat pavements and unclog the Hatibagan walkways. But it will leave hawkers in dire straits for if forced to shift to alternative locations, far removed from important junctions, they would be out of business, argued hawker unions.The latter accused the government of altering their policy on non-hawking zones without consulting them. A high-power committee appointed by the Left Front government, they pointed out, had made 50 feet and not 50 metres, from busy intersections out of bounds for hawkers.More than a thousand hawkers now ferry their wares within 50 metres of the Esplanade crossing. At Gariahat, the number is around 350 while at Hatibagan more than 600 hawkers cram onto pavements which are within 50 metres from the Shyambazar five-point crossing. The new policy would require them to move out. \"Since space is hardly available to accommodate these hawkers, they will be out of job. You can't accommodate an Esplanade hawker near the Bypass or shift a Gariahat hawker to Ruby Park. They can't survive at these places where there are hardly enough customers,\" said Shaktiman Ghosh, general secretary of the Hawker Sangram Committee.The cut-off limit at busy intersections was supposed to be 50 feet and not 50 metres, Ghosh pointed out. \"Initially, the Left Front government had proposed 50 metres. We had objected to it. It was then changed to 50 feet in the final draft of the proposal. The high-power committee has no business changing it yet again and, that, too, without consulting us,\" added Ghosh. Hawkers, however, agreed to keeping out of carriageways and said they were against permanent structures.Relocation won't work for all alternative venues for hawkers have failed to take-off, they argued. Gariahat is now paying the price for a botched rehabilitation programme, said Debraj Ghosh, secretary of the Gariahat Indira Hawkers' Union. \"We had been shifted to the Rashbehari connector, Kasba market and to Dhakuria. None could carry on business there. They were forced to return. It paved the way for more to join them. As a result, we are now finding it difficult to keep hawkers even 50 feet away from the Gariahat junction.Also, can the government ensure that 50 metres from intersections will not be encroached yet again in future? So, we need to work out a practical solution which will be acceptable to us,\" questioned Debraj.The Hawker Sangram Committee also rubbished the proposal to deny hawking rights to those who own multiple stalls. It won't be possible to identify multiple stall-owners without an extensive survey which has not been done, the committee reasoned. \"While around 10% could be owning multiple stalls, they do so in partnership. So, on what basis are you going to deny them the right to hawk?\" asked Ghosh. Members of the Sangram Committee will court arrest on May 26 to protest the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087155", "title": "Notices issued in Odha, Sayyed Pimpri land row", "text": "NASHIK: The revenue department of the state government has issued mutation entry notices to land owners, including some who no more exist, whose names figure in a sale deed pertaining to private housing projects near Odha and Sayyed Pimpri villages on the outskirts of Nashik city.The sale deed had been executed based on general power of attorney (PoA), allegedly without the knowledge of the landowners and their families, who had rushed to the police for help.One Gangadhar Jadhav had prepared the PoA in the year 1996 and sought NA (non-agriculture use of agricultural land) permission for vast lands admeasuring 14,15,100 sq meters in Odha and 3,28,849 sq meters in Sayyed Pimpri villages, which the land owners claimed was forged. Based on the same PoA, the sub-registrar, Nashik, Rajendra V Gaikwad on December 15, 2011, completed the sale-deed between Gangadhar Jadhav. Of Vikrant Happy Homes and his son Prashant Jadhav. \"The talathi of village Odha issued a notice to the land owners seeking their response to the deed. The PoA was a forged document, and number of people mentioned in the GPoA were dead long ago,\" Rajaram Dhikale, who is an aggrieved person, said.Notices have been issued in the names of Hausabai Nivrutti Dhikale who passed away on February 16, 2006 and Mandabai Sadashiv Jadhav, who passed away on November 11, 1994, alongwith several others, for mutation entries for pieces of lands which they hold in survey numbers 138, 145 and 146.\"We went to Sarkarwada Police station to register the case. We submitted the documents and at the same time we have presented our papers to the commissioner of police also,\" Rajaram Dhikale, an aggrieved farmer said. The police have assured us that they would look into the matter and seek original copies from sub-registrar, the notaries from notary Bhaskar Ananda Pawar between 1994 and 1999 for further investigations.\"Since past five years we are fighting for our rights on the land that falls in Odha shivar and the holders largely reside in Vinchur Gawli and Sayyed Pimpri villages. The fear - that our lands would be sold to somebody - has now come true and the police should take strict action against the culprit,\" Dhikale demanded.The farmers who had got the hint of something going wrong, in the year 2008 had sought information under the right to information Act, that revealed that Gangadhar Jadhav had applied for non-agriculture (NA) permission for both the pieces of land in Odha and Sayyed Pimpri villages and that he had done so by formulating the PoA on behalf of the farmers.\"We got the GPoA also and further learnt that of the 350 land owners from Odha (mentioned in PoA), 22 were already dead and of the 59 from Sayyad Pimpri, three people were dead when PoAs were signed,\" claimed Sachin Rikame of Vinchur Gawli, whose father owns land in Odha.None of the farmers have even thought of getting NA for their lands, besides the farmers feared that once the NAs were given, soon the person (Gangadhar Jadhav) would sell the land. \"This is why we approached the district administration which only asked the farmers to file a civil suit for the same. Ultimately, the worst fears came true with Gangadhar Jadhav selling the land to his son Prashant Jadhav,\" he said.The 409 farmers' lawyer also claimed that the revenue office failed to check whether the PoA - first seeking permission for NA and sale and later revised for NA - were correct or forged. \"That was never verified by the administration. On issues of title clearance, the department asked Jadhav to file an affidavit on a stamp paper of Rs 20 to own responsibility that may emerge from the issues of claims and objections, instead of following set procedures in the law governing the issue,\" Rahul Deshmukh, the lawyer for the farmers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088987", "title": "Now, top officials comply with information panel's orders", "text": "PATNA: The tough stand taken in recent times by the State Information Commission (SIC) in various cases that came up before it, has made senior officials swing into action and hastily comply with the orders. The decision of the Bhojpur DM to constitute a high-level committee to probe into the allegations, levelled against officials by a whistle-blower, of irregularities in distribution of coupons to the BPL families is one such incident.Even the officials in the judiciary are not out of the reach of the SIC. After information commissioner Farzand Ahmed fined sub-judge, civil court, Ara, who happened to be Public Information Officer ( PIO), and later admonished Bhojpur DM for not ordering an inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the supply of foodgrains to the targeted people levelled by a social worker and theatre artist Daisy Khan , the DM constituted a committee late last month. The committee in its report, signed by the DM and DDC of Bhojpur and SDO, Ara Sadar, found the allegations true.Now, Ahmed has urged the district judge of Siwan to order an inquiry into the functioning of CJM's court. This followed complaints through RTI petitions that \"outsiders\" were running the court and holding litigants to ransom.The Bhojpur DM is not the only top district official who obeyed the SIC order and set up committees to go into complaints. The Khagaria DM instituted a high-level inquiry into the functioning of three tier Panchayati Raj system and implementation of development schemes. Again, on Ahmed's recommendations, the DMs of Saran and Bhojpur ordered inquiry into solar lights 'scams'. The DM of Vaishali has also ordered an inquiry into the alleged BPL/APL foodgrains loot in Goraul area.It was at the suggestion of information commissioner Ahmed that panchayati raj department's principal secretary Manoj Srivastava ordered voluntary disclosure of all information under Section 4 of the RTI Act.Srivastava ordered that all information relating of panchayati raj should be uploaded on the websites at all levels and they should be linked to the department's website at the state headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087802", "title": "'We asked for life jackets, but were told there was no need'", "text": "PUNE: \"We were enjoying boating in the lake. My father was splashing water on us. All of a sudden, I heard him scream, 'Tai, mala vachav (save me).' I turned around and saw my father drown in the lake,\" said a sobbing Gayatri Dhotre, daughter of Rajesh Dhotre, who is feared to have drowned in the Katraj lake on Thursday.Gayatri said there were six of them in two boats. She was with her brother, Aniket, and uncle, Rakesh Jadhav, in one and her father was in the other with her two cousins. She alleged that before getting into the boat they asked the boatman for life jackets. \"He told us that there was no need for them.\"She told TOI that after falling into the lake, her father had resurfaced before going down again. \"I did not know what to do. I started screaming for help. There were at least 10 boats nearby, but no one came forward to help us.\"Gayatri said there was a life jacket lying in the boat she was in and she threw it towards her father. \"He could not catch it. All I could see were his hands. After a while, he went down, never to come up,\" she added.Gayatri and her brother were continuously screaming for help, she said. \"After some time, two persons from the boat club came to us on a speedboat. I told them that my father had fallen into the lake. One of them jumped in, but came up immediately and stopped searching. He told us that it was not possible to look for him due to the silt in the lake.\"She said that her brother and uncle brought in their boat to the jetty, while the boat from which her father had fallen was brought in by a boatman.Babasaheb Dhotre, Rajesh's brother, said he was in Wadarwadi, when he got a call from Gayatri. \"She was crying. She told me that Rajesh had drowned in the lake and that no one had saved him. I told her to wait there and rushed to Katraj.\"However, Deepak Argade, manager of the boat club run by the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation, refuted Gayatri's allegations. \"We had given a life jacket to the man. We saw him wearing it. But after going some distance, he removed it,\" he said.He claimed that there was one life jacket in the other boat. \"Dhotre's daughter threw that jacket towards him, but he could not catch it.\" Argade said the club has sufficient life jackets. \"While issuing tickets, we tell people to take life jackets. But many people don't bother wearing them.\"He said that the spot where Dhotre drowned is 15 feet deep. \"During the monsoon, the water level in the lake increases. We never allow people to get into a boat without wearing life jackets, especially during the monsoon.\"Madhukar Ramdas Pawar, a social worker from Wadarwadi, who was on the spot, alleged the incident had taken place because of the negligence of the boat club. \"They did not provide life jackets. Moreover, their response time left much to be desired,\" Pawar said. He demanded that the police take action against the boat club.Senior police inspector of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station Nagnath Wakude said the police were investigating the matter. \"We have started recording statements of the people who were with Dhotre. The course of action will be decided after the inquiry,\" Wakude said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13088304", "title": "NCPCR summons top babus on rise in child abuse cases", "text": "GURGAON: Taking note of the rising number of child abuse cases in Haryana, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has summoned top officials of the state government with all the relevant information and status reports.The financial commissioners and principal secretaries of women and child development department, school education and health along with Haryana director general of police, police commissioners and deputy commissioners of Gurgaon and Faridabad are likely to be present at a high-level meeting on Monday.The commission has raised objections to the absence of supervision and monitoring of the child welfare committee (CWC) and inspection committees under the Juvenile Justice Act to ban the unregistered children homes and abuse of children in such homes.The commission has also raised several child abuse and sexual exploitation cases reported in the recent past, mainly in the NCR, and the authorities' failure to act on the earlier recommendations of the commission.A senior member of NCPCR told TOI that the commission has not received status report on various inspections of the children homes and child care institution (CCIs) in Haryana after a notification in August 2011. The notification was issued after a child abuse and sexual exploitation case was reported form a village of Faridabad.The commission has also not received any action taken report on its recommendations after the case of illegal detention and physical abuse of a 13-year-old boy was reported from Krishna Colony in Gurgaon. The issues that were raised after a case of sexual abuse of minor girls was reported from Drone Foundation, Maruti Kunj have also not been addressed.Haryana lacks a specialized children home for long term care and treatment of children infected/affected by HIV/AIDS.NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo said that issue of sexual and physical abuse of minors in a Rohtak child care home, which is registered under Juvenile Justice Act, would also be raised during the meeting. \"This is yet another failure of the administration on the child rights issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13091521", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation to allot unique number to every house in capital", "text": "RANCHI: Very soon, a unique number will be provided by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation for identification of houses, city streets and colonies. This 15-digit number will include ward number, road, house number, purpose of building and type of building.Public relations officer of RMC, Naresh Sinha said, \"A proposal is being made according to which a unique number will be given to every house in the city when the holding tax assessment is done. The proposal will be sent to the government and if approved, work will start by the end of this year.\"In 55 wards under RMC, there are more than 2 lakh illegal houses, more than 200 illegal colonies, and more than 1000 lanes and by lanes. \"Unregistered colonies are cropping up everywhere and it is difficult to identify every house under the ward so we have decided to provide the unique numbers. After the numbers are allotted, a board will be put up in every street and colony depicting the numbers of houses in that particular street\", said Sinha.The first three digits of the unique number will identify the ward, next three digits will be the road identification number, numbers 7-9 will be for identification of houses, and digits 10-12 will indicate floor numbers of the house, 14th number will signify if it is a residential or commercial space and 15th number will indicate if it is a mud house or a cemented one.If a number is allotted to every house, it will not just be convenient for RMC but also the local police stations to keep a tab on the locality.In all 55 wards under RMC, there are more than 2 lakh illegal houses, more than 200 illegal colonies, and more than 1000 lanes and by lanes. If a number is allotted to every house, it will not just be convenient for RMC but also the local police stations to keep a tab on the locality", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087407", "title": "Youths abuse couple, walk free on bail", "text": "KOLKATA: An Alipore court on Thursday granted bail to two youths - Suman Das and Partha Dutta - arrested a day before for abusing a couple returning from work at Prince Anwar Shah Road connector's Geetanjali bus stop on Tuesday night. Police slapped charges of voluntarily causing hurt (section 323 IPC), attempting to outrage a woman's modesty (354 IPC) and criminal intimidation (506 IPC) - all bailable offences - on the duo.The incident took place on Tuesday night when the woman, who works in a hospitality chain, went to pick her husband from office after a late shift. She was accompanied by her brother and four-year-old daughter. As her weary husband tried to settle into the driver's seat, two drunken youths in their thirties screeched to a halt beside them, taunted and abused her.When the husband - a senior MNC executive - tried to protest, he was lambasted with more expletives. \"They insinuated that I was having fun with a woman. My car windshield isn't even tainted and they could see for themselves the inside of the car. This was merely a pretext to harass us. I suspect they'd something more sinister in mind,\" the husband said, requesting anonymity.\"I called up the Garfa police station immediately from my cell phone. Police were very prompt. They rounded up one person that night itself and the other one a day later. Now the families of those arrested have been to my home, pleading not to press the charges. The abusers are apparently from well-to-do families and repent what they'd done. That night, they never heeded to our pleas, my wife and daughter's anguished cries for help. They're still in trauma. Now, I've been informed the arrested youths stay close to my home,\" he said. He, however, added, \"Police have been extremely helpful. Not only they rushed to help us so late, they attended to our complaint promptly. They've infused a sense of confidence but it will be long before my wife regains the courage to pick me up so late from office.\"The incident appears a near repeat of the ordeal faced by a television actress earlier this week. On Monday night, she was returning to her Khardah home late after her shooting when three youths - again on a motorcycle - targeted her at Kalyani Expressway off Ghola. They didn't merely stop at abusing her, they apparently rammed their motorcycle straight into her car. Her mother Sarbani said, \"The incident took place on Sunday night; her complaint was accepted the next day. Police did not take the complaint at night. The families of these youths had been to my home since, pleading us to withdraw the complaint. We will not. They didn't show any respect to the fact that even women have to return late from work; or even the fact that she was alone and scared when they kept tormenting her.\"The incident has left the actress traumatized. \"I know I can't sit at home for long. I have taken leave till Sunday. But then I have to work again, there are commitments. My job is such that I need to work in late shifts. The duo who was arrested were arrested have been released on bail. The third is still on the run. They're locals and know that I return late. They will surely target me again - now more for I have not only complained against them but I didn't listen their pleas to withdraw the complaint. I am worried on what will happen again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13088803", "title": "Petition seeking Nithyananda\u2019s removal as mutt head dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday dismissed a public interest litigation demanding the removal of self-styled godman Nithyananda as head of the Madurai Adheenam, saying the matter was to be decided by a HR &amp; CE joint commissioner or a civil court.The PIL was filed by M Solaikannan, a Hindu Makkal Katchi functionary from Madurai after Nithyananda was made the 293rd pontiff of the adheenam. The petition had alleged there was a conspiracy in the nomination of Nithyananda as pontiff of the mutt even as he is facing a slew of cases. Two years ago, a video allegedly featuring Nithyananda with a Tamil actress was telecast by a few television channels and the godman was arrested on various counts. He was later released on bail though the case is still pending.Against this backdrop, there was a conspiracy behind the appointment of Nithyananda by senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar, the petition said and sought the court's direction to order a detailed probe into appointment and to annul his appointment immediately.Stating that Nithyananda did not follow the Saivite tradition, the petitioner wanted the government to take over the adheenam and appoint a committee headed by a retired judge of high court to oversee it. Meanwhile, Arunangirinatha Desikar hit out at Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi for criticising the anointment of Nithyananda. \"I strongly object to the comments made by the Kanchi acharya regarding the anointment of Nithyananda as my successor. It was unwarranted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089394", "title": "Mercury up, so are power cuts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the mercury rising, the tall claims of the UT electricity department that they have sufficient energy have fallen flat. After many areas plunged into darkness on Wednesday night, things were no better on Thursday and residents of a dozen sectors had to go without fans on a hot afternoon.Besides there were power cuts during the day too on Wednesday. Apart from sectors like 22 and 35, the worst-affected were the southern sectors, which had to do without electricity supply for hours.\"If there is a shortfall, cuts should be imposed on a rotational basis across the city so that the duration of outages is not this long,\" said Vibha Sood, a resident of Sector 41. Suresh Bansal, a Sector 35 resident, said that every summer their sector has to put up with \"maximum problems\" because of frequent power cuts. The electricity department should have braced up for the season much in advance, he said.\"Neither can we work nor can we relax when there are power cuts. It has become an everyday problem,\" said Anand Rattan, a resident of Sector 34.Daleep Kumar, sub-divisional officer (electricity), who is incharge of Sector 35 said, \"The supply was reduced to almost half on Wednesday night, which resulted in some areas remaining without power for several hours,\" while adding, \"We did not get supply from the Mohali unit.\"In January, there was shortage of power in the city after many central and state electricity plants shut down for repair. Chandigarh has been affected because of shut-downs of plants in the central sector.\"There are unscheduled power cuts during summer and some times the voltage is so low that even the invertors don't work. Till last year, only southern sectors used to suffer but now even we have face power cuts and that too very often, said Amarjeet, a resident of Sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094055", "title": "Lakshmi\u2019s regards to all mothers", "text": "Lakshmi Ramakrishnan, a well known character artist who has recently essayed the role of Karthi's mother in Naan Mahaan Alle, is giving tribute to all mothers.As way2movies earlier reported viewers, the character artist, who has acted in about 33 films within a short span of time, has wielded the megaphone for the first time with Aarohanam. Lakshmi has released a single track 'Indha Vaan Veli...' from the album composed by K. of Yuddham Sei fame, as a respect to all mothers in the world on Mother's Day.Veeresh, Jai Quehaeni, Sampath and Jayaprakash are playing the lead roles in Aarohanam. The story revolves around the lives of a youngster and his sister, who search for their mother and a series of comical events taking place in a day. AVA Productions and Monkey Creative Labs are producing Aarohanam jointly.Source: Way2movie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "dandeli", "code": "13088097", "title": "Shivaram Appaji Patil lured tourists to private crocodile park", "text": "DANDELI: Contrary to publicity and popular perception, Dandeli does not have an authorized crocodile park.The paper town is situated along river Kali, which flows through the forest. At one point, Halamaddi nalla containing effluent treated water released by West Coast Paper Mills and two other mills, joins the Kali and attracts over 150 crocodiles as they throng the strip to eat waste pulp.Here, Shivaram Appaji Patil, who owns seven acres and 11 guntas (Survey no 5 of Kerwada village) of agricultural land adjoining the river bank, has given up 1 acre, 20 guntas of land to the government, and the Dandelappa temple has come up on this land. Slain ACF Madan H Nayak was returning from this temple with his family when he spotted a group of tourists feeding the crocodiles.Patil's land adjoins the river from where crocodiles can be seen from a short distance of about 50 metres, and which he has publicized as the 'crocodile park'.Patil allegedly charged the tourists a fee and even allowed them to cook there and spend the day. Since the meat was an attraction, the crocodiles come to the bank and sometimes enter adjoining fields. Villagers have complained to forest officials about the threat to cattle and human beings. They also feared an attack by wild animals which could come in search of beef.Violation of actForest and revenue officials have served several notices to Patil, asking him to stop feeding the crocodiles as it violated Section 9 of the Wildlife Act 1972. An FIR was also filed against him on July 23, 2011. Though Patil stopped feeding the crocodiles, he allegedly continued entertaining guests and had set up two small huts where food could be prepared. Following the death of Nayak, agitated locals set the huts on fire on Wednesday.Police fire in airPolice on Thursday night opened fire on miscreants who tried to set fire to another hut on Patil's farm, on the bank of river Kali.Patil said miscreants had been attacking his farm over the past few months.\"Now they are using the ACF's death as an excuse to take revenge,\" he said Dandeli police arrested two more persons, Shailaja Chavan and Danabai Rupasingh, in connection with Nayak's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088589", "title": "Small films score big at box office this summer", "text": "CHENNAI: It is summer but the big-budget releases that draw the crowds to theatres are missing. And industry people are saying that they are missing out on massive revenues that could have been brought in by the big releases.\"Big-budget movies are usually released on April 14 as it is the most lucrative festival time when schools are closed and people are looking for ways to entertain themselves,\" says Ibrahim Rowther, chairman of the Producers' Council. As far as collection is concerned, apart from April 14, movies released during Pongal and Diwali rake in big money.This season's biggest surprise hits are 'Oru Kal Oru Kannadi' (OKOK) and 'Vazhakku En 18/9' and industry is awaiting the release of action-comedy 'Kalakalappu'. Other movies that are pulling in audiences this summer include the Hindi films 'Vicky Donor' and 'Housefull 2'; Hollywood flick 'The Avengers' and Telugu movie 'Dhammu'. The next big Tamil release is the Ajith-starrer 'Billa 2', which is supposed to hit theatres in June. \"There is a lack of planning in the Tamil industry. Many units spend more time on pre-production without taking into account the time needed for post-production work. This leads to a delay,\" says producer and distributor Abhirami Ramanathan.Unlike Kollywood, most Hollywood production houses announce the date of release when they start shooting. \"Here, they apply for censor certification at the last moment,\" says Ramanathan. This year, a strike by the Film Employees Federation of South India also delayed film shootings.The lack of big releases have benefitted a few, like the low-budget 'Vazhakku En', a surprise hit. The makers of the 3D film 'Ambuli' also chose to release the 2D version of the film during the summer holidays at small towns in Tamil Nadu. \"We released the 3D movie in February and decided to extend to cash in on the vacation crowd,\" says director K Hari Shankar. The filmmakers are also planning to release the 3D film in Kerala and Andhra Pradesh. \"My biggest audience is children and, with no big releases, people will watch the best movie that is running now,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13086678", "title": "Two nabbed for money laundering", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police on Thursday arrested two persons in connection with a money laundering operation. Police had received a tip-off that a money laundering operation was being carried out from a hotel in Mapusa involving people from outside the state. Accordingly, a police team led by PSI Gautam Salunke raided Hotel Ashok located in Sirsat building in Mapusa on Thursday morning and arrested two persons.The accused, Suhas Bhandare, 45, a resident of Kolhapur in Maharashtra, and Vasant Bhandari, 46, a resident of Canca-Parra and native of Uttar Kannada, Karnataka, were found involved in the activity of illegal money lending to borrowers by charging a rate of interest without holding a valid licence or documents from the competent authorities. The duo was arrested and police seized cash of 61,230 from the accused and attached other articles and documents.The accused persons have been taken into police custody and police are in the process of recording the statements of the accused. Police have registered the offence under Section 5 read with 43 of the Goa Money-Lenders Act, 2001. Further investigations are in progress under the supervision of PI Tushar Vernekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13088691", "title": "Activist wants Sena to pay 2 crore for bandh", "text": "THANE: A PIL filed by an RTI activist in the Bombay high court has sought damages of up to Rs 2 crore from the Shiv Sena for a day-long bandh, reportedly called by the saffron party, in the lake city on March 4.The PIL has been filed by activist Vikrant Karnik, who was assaulted last year after he took up the cudgels against a Sena leader for allegedly drawing electricity illegally from roadside poles for an entertainment programme, orgainzed by a socio-religious outfit, reportedly managed by the party.In his PIL, Karnik has pointed out that the March 4 bandh call was illegal. He has alleged that activists of the Shiv Sena and the BJP had targeted public transport buses and also assaulted autorickshaw drivers. He argued that the common man was put to hardships due to the bandh, which was called for \"purely political reasons\".On March 4, Thane witnessed a complete shutdown after Sena and BJP leaders enforced a bandh following the alleged kidnapping of a BJP corporator, Suhasini Lokhande, in the wake of the mayoral elections.Karnik, in his PIL, has said that the authorities should tally the cost of damages but till then the party should be asked to deposit Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13091643", "title": "12% products fail energy efficiency test", "text": "BHOPAL: About 12% of products labelled for the energy efficiency (BEE) fail test, said BEE energy consultant S P Garnaik at a press conference in the city on Thursday. Star-labelleing, given by bureau of energy efficiency (BEE) indicates the level of energy saving to help consumers make an informed choice by looking at stars on the appliance. Higher star ratings means better energy efficiency and cost savings.\"We conduct random checks on appliances rated by the BEE. It is part of focusing on implementation of energy efficiency measures across the country,\" said Garnaik conceding the policy for penalties is being worked out. \"We are only a couple of years old and policies evolve with experience,\" he added.BEE, a statutory body under the Union ministry of power has upgraded requirements for star rating of split type room air-conditioners by about eight%. A 5-star energy efficiency rated split AC bought in January is now merely 4-star rated.\"Standards now at 8 % higher efficiency for star-rating of split 1.5 ton ACs and higher,\" said Garnaik. The move is intended to help raise consumer awareness on saving energy and manufacturing more energy efficient appliances across the spectrum for the industry.The star ratings for air-conditioners are categorised over a band of co-efficient performance (COP), indicating the amount of cooling capacity in watts the air conditioner delivers for every watt of power energy it consumes.At present, for air conditioners, co-efficient performance (COP) has to be minimum 2.5 to qualify for 1-Star rating which will be raised to 2.7 by January 2014. COP of 3.3 and above is 5-Star categories. BEE has plans to move up the energy efficiency level continuously every two years.BEE estimate put 60% of city's energy consumption to use of air-conditioners. With its upgraded star rating system, it plans to save Rs 2,000 crore or 400 MW of electricity during the eleventh five year plan (2007-2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091015", "title": "They are the world", "text": "In Germany, industry support and state assistance for the differently-abled help them be a part of the mainstream, says Aditi GuhaThe VFB Stuttgart touch is all around...on the bed, the sofa and the wall. It is Peter's room. His home where he lives a happy life with his other friends. He proudly shows you around the first floor... the relaxing common room and everything else that is his. He lives at the Behinderten-Forderung - Linsenhofen e.V. (BFL) in Esslingen district in southern Germany. It's a home with a difference, for those living here are either mentally challenged or have restricted mental or cognitive ability. But they are a part of us...loving, caring and hard working. A rare combination of the professional and the personal.As you walk into a room, you meet Florian. A word or two with him and you can see the warm look in his eyes. He likes silence and sleeps in a couch in the 'quiet' room watching the beautiful green grass outside the window. Or for instance, Dieter. He sits doing his work in the most professional manner. He shows how the black and orange capillary tubes (for sprayers) are fitted and checked with precision. Not that he speaks much, but his expressions and his work say it all!Once you enter the sheltered workshop at Oberboihingen (the other being at Linsenhofen) where about 100 people with specialised skills are at work, you are greeted with a warm 'Hallo'. Aged between 17 and 70, you connect with them immediately as they take pride in showing you their 'works of art', be it packaging, construction materials, electronic systems, textile metals or the foam used in car seats. And the orders for such foam come from none other than names such as BMW , Mercedes-Benz , Volkswagen and the like!The industrial training centre (berufsbildung) has students coming in from special schools or forderschule for two years and three months. In the first three months, they come to know each other and the group leader while the social worker decides whether it is the right institution for a particular student. In the following two years, the student starts working and the group leader starts assigning special duties. Special tests are taken of the attendees brain power, cognitive, numerical or physical skills and they are made aware of their weaknesses. They get to learn life's lessons through activities like money handling, how to use a bus or tram, how to cross the road etc. Not to forget working on the computer!BFL is a bright example of high to include the differently-abled into the mainstream. Founded in 1963 in Linsenhofen by parents of differently-abled children and people as a private organisation, today it has grown as a welfare service with more than 230 people and children. \"We work in three main areas: work or employment, living or housing and free-time activities. It is our endeavour to help these people live and learn like any of us. Their strengths are identified and laid emphasis on through technical work or through class rooms,\" says Ramona Koch, in-charge, integration and education.A registered society, BFL is a non-profit organisation and the finances come largely as state assistance apart from donations from the industry, social bodies, schools or people. Finance also comes in the form of support for special projects.Work done in the sheltered workshops often cater to orders placed by the industry in several areas. Most of the workers here come with some school education. \"Important issues regarding integration are being discussed with both the good and the bad sides coming up for debate. Finally, it is the faster and fitter way to education that needs to prevail,\" says Ramona.While the sheltered workshops often encourage precision learning, the exterior groups, are breeding houses of talents. The Kreativwerk - with 12 people who spend time making beautiful colourful bags from tetra pack or sewing, doing handicrafts, felting filzen or painting - is an art house in itself. You can even find a 'Miss World' there made of paper mach and perched on top of a globe made of glass! The artistry is brilliant and the thought even more beautiful!Yet another surprise lies in the Cafe Regenbogen or Cafe Rainbow that serves some real yummy dishes. It is a delight to hear the house band, Neckaraue Houseband, on a special weekend. It sure is music to the ears as you enjoy a cup of cappucino or some coke with the band crooning oldies or German hits... the 'Schlager'.A few words here will not be enough to describe the talent in these people, young and old. Be it a theatre, where they get a plot but do not have any fixed text and improvise on their own to bring out something beautiful, to serving exotic food and making some very technical things, these few rare souls are there everywhere. They are the world and they belong to us. That's the beauty of BFL.(Aditi was in Germany recently to represent TOI as part of a journalist exchange programme with the Nurtinger Zeitung. The programme was initiated by the Goethe Institut)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13094310", "title": "Mary Kom seeded 7th, gets first-round bye at World Championships", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's five-time world champion MC Mary Kom on Friday got the seventh seeding and a first-round bye in the draw for the World Women's Boxing Championships in Qinhuangdao, China -- the first and only qualifying event for the sport ahead of its historic Olympic debut in London .Women boxers will be competing at the Olympic Games in three weight categories -- 51kg, 60kg and 75kg -- and 24 quota places (eight in each weight categories) are up for grabs at the event where action kicks off from Saturday.The 29-year-old Mary Kom (51kg), who clinched the Asian crown last month, will open her campaign on Sunday against winner of the preliminary bout between Asian bronze-medallist Ayako Minowa of Japan and Athina Malefaki of Greece .A total of 55 boxers are competing in Mary Kom's flyweight division in which Asia can grab just two Olympic slots.In the 60kg category, where 58 boxers are in the competition, Asian champion L Sarita Devi will square off against Ayzanat Hajiyeva of Azerbaijan on Saturday. On the same day, Pooja Rani (75kg) will fight it out against Claressa Shields of USA.In other preliminary bouts featuring India, K Mandakini (57kg) will be up against against Bo Jana Ranic of Serbia and Neetu Chahal (69kg) will be up against Bianka Nagy of Hungary .A total of 305 boxers representing 70 countries are participating in the mega-event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13091657", "title": "DRDO offers more research funds to Devi Ahilya varsity teachers", "text": "INDORE: Appreciating the efforts by Devi Ahilya Vishwavishyalaya (DAVV) in the field of research, the chairman of board of Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) S K Salwan has evinced interest in offering more research grants to the varsity teachers to carry out more research works.He was attending a meeting in the city on Thursday.The DRDO research projects, which are generally offered to the premier institutes such as Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and Indian Institute of Sciences (IISc), will be a major achievement for the varsity as it will help develop better research standards.Officiating vice-chancellor, R C Sharma said that the varsity and its teachers commanded a good reputation in the field of research and had already been working research projects of DRDO.\"The chairman of the organisation has appreciated the efforts of the varsity and has showed interest in offering more such projects,\" said Sharma.In this direction, the DRDO will invite 5-6 teachers of the varsity to attend a workshop where they will be imparted research-related training and topics will be discussed. After returning from the training the teachers will have to make a project proposal and later funds will be sanctioned by the DRDO. The projects will be from the fields of physics, chemistry, electronics and few other streams.\"If selected individual principal investigator will be funded with a minimum of Rs 25 lakh for carrying out research work,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13091248", "title": "Ludhina writer to release books on Manto", "text": "LUDHIANA: Celebrating renowned short story writer Saadat Hassan Manto's centenary, city-based Urdu fiction writer Kewal Dheer is all set to release the second edition of his book \"Manto Mera Dost'' and a new book \"Manto - Kal Aaj Aur Kal'' in Delhi and Lahore.\"I had written 'Manto Mera Dost' in 1960 following 'Manto Mera Dushman', a book published by Upender Nath Ashk in 1956. Now I am set to launch its new edition in Delhi on Friday and along with it I will release my new book too,'' said Dheer, who has 70 books to his credit.The 74-year-old said after releasing the books in Delhi on Friday he will be leaving for Pakistan on June 1 to attend a function - 100 years of Manto - to be held in Lahore on June 4. \"I will deliver the keynote address at the function,'' he said.Talking about \"Manto Kal Aaj Aur Kal'', Dheer said it includes a collection of 11 short stories of which five were very close to Manto's heart and the others were caught in controversies. The book also has critical analysis by 11 eminent writers from India and Pakistan. Dheer said the book focusses on the relevance of Manto's works.Roots in citySaadat Hassan Manto was born on May 11, 1912, in Samrala, Ludhiana district to a Kashmiri Muslim family of barristers. The family migrated to Amritsar where he received education and then went to Mumbai. After Partition, he settled in Pakistan. His best known short stories include 'Bu' (Odour), 'Khol Do' (Open It), 'Thanda Gosht' (Cold Meat), and 'Toba Tek Singh'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088928", "title": "Quashing of FIRs against lawyer sought", "text": "PATNA: A writ petition was filed in the Patna High Court (HC) on Thursday seeking quashing of the three FIRs lodged against Samastipur advocate Anil Kumar Singh and 12 other lawyers by the district police charging Singh with taking money from his client for writing a petition for her. Singh was illegally detained for 28 hours allegedly on the orders of the Samastipur DM on April 19.Lawyer Umesh Kumar Singh, who filed the petition, said a compensation of Rs 50 lakh has also been demanded for illegal detention of Singh, besides transfer of the DM and the Samastipur DDC who were responsible for the incident.Meanwhile, members of the Bihar State Bar Council will stage a day-long dharna near Ambedkar statue outside the HC on Friday demanding transfer of the DDC for arrest of Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089200", "title": "IIM-Lucknow, Kelley School of Business to announce teaching, research initiatives", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indiana University's Kelley School of Business and Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow will announce several teaching and research initiatives resulting from memorandums of understanding. Though official announcements in this regard are yet to be made by the IIM-L management, an announcement to this effect was made by the KSB administration.Under this partnership between the two schools, two selective, graduate-level, year-long certificate programs in the emerging field of business analytics and global strategy will be available to about 100 students. One programme will be for students enrolled at IIM-Lucknow and another will be open to working professionals in India.In an official release issued by the business school, IIM-L director Dr Devi Singh said, \"Information systems and business analytics is a very strong area at Kelley. Their experience in developing programmes successfully, particularly working closely with American and multinational companies, which have operations around the world, including in India -- is impressive. What we bring to the table is a well-trained faculty and an understanding and access to large Indian corporations. I think it will be a good combination of two schools and talents.\"Kelley already enjoys strong student and faculty exchanges with India. Kelley direct online MBA programme has also paved the way for new offerings with IIM-Lucknow through courses for employees at US companies with major operations in India, including Cummins and General Motors. Students have also travelled to IIM-Lucknow for an intensive week on campus featuring faculty from both schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088907", "title": "CIC to MCI: Disclose names of doctors found guilty of negligence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the Medical Council of India (MCI) to disclose names of doctors found guilty of medical negligence or misconduct. The CIC has pulled up the Council and even awarded a compensation of Rs 3,000 for delay in giving information.\"It is necessary that information about name sof doctors who are found guilty by the ethics committee of medical negligence or misconduct are displayed on the website of the MCI ... \" said chief information commissioner Shailsh Gandhi.The order was in response to an application by S P Mancharida who had sought information related to the MCI decision holding four doctors from Max Hospital Pitampura guilt of medical negligence. The decision was taken on March 8, 2011. A year later no decision had been taken on the quantum of punishment nor information given on the reason for delay or status of the case.Gandhi asked the Council to give information all correspondence between Max Hospital, its doctors and the council by May 30. He has also awarded a compensation of Rs 3,000 to the applicant.Giving the order Gandhi said, \"The ethics committee of MCI has reportedly found four doctors guilty but is now delaying awarding any punishment since past 14 months. The complete collapse of mechanisms to punish people who have been found guilty is extremely damaging for society and denies victims a sense of justice being done.\"The CIC said that the applicant had been unnecessarily harassed and awarded him a compensation of Rs 3,000. \"Harassment of a common man by public authorities is socially abhorring and legally impermissible. Therefore the award of compensation for harassment by public authorities not only compensates the individual, satisfies him personally but helps in curing social evil. It may result in improving the work culture and help in changing the outlook.\"Gandhi added that MCI should ensure that the names of doctors who have been found guilty by the ethics committee since January, 2011, are displayed on the website of the MCI and the quantum of punishment is also displayed whenever it is decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089222", "title": "13 Mall Avenue is Kanshiram Yadgar Sthal, clarifies Bahujan Samaj Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after an RTI query revealed that former chief minister Mayawati had spent more than Rs 86 crore for the renovation of her official residence (13 Mall Avenue), senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader Satish Mishra came out in defence of BSP supremo on Thursday.Speaking to reporters in Delhi, Mishra said, \"Bungalow number 13 Mall Avenue is not only Behenji's residence, it is also the memorial of BSP founder Manyavar Kanshiram ji.\" He accused the SP government for presenting wrong facts to tarnish the image of the dalit leader. \"The place is registered as Manyavar Kanshiramji Yaadgar Sthal in official documents and the officers in the SP government are aware of this,\" Mishra told reporters.A media release issued by BSP says, \"The bungalow was allotted to Behenji in 1995 when she became the chief minister for the first time. BSP founder Kanshiram preferred staying in this residence whenever he was in the city. Therefore a number of party workers have fond memories of their leader which are associated with the bungalow.\"\"When Behenji became the chief minister of UP, party workers demanded that the place be converted into Kanshiram Memorial. But, since behenji was living here, it was important to take her permission. When asked for her view, Behenji said that she needs only a small area to live and willingly gave the place for the memorial. After formal government clearances, the place was renovated. The cost incurred was for the memorial and not for Behenji's residence,\" it said.Mishra also clarified about the four bungalows on Luytens' Street in Delhi. \"Bungalow number 12 has been allotted to Bahujan Prerna Trust, while bungalow number 4 houses BSP's central office. Bungalow number 14 and 16 are a single unit which was allotted to Mayawati ji as the chief of BSP,\" he clarified.Mishra also cornered the SP government on account of law and order scenario. \"The newspapers are flooded with incidents of murder, dacoity, rape, gang rapes, and chain snatching and other crimes. Instead of wasting time on defaming BSP, they should focus in managing the affairs of the state and controlling law and order situation,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088885", "title": "CRRI study: Dry run kicks off on BRT corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: With trial runs scheduled to start from Saturday on the Ambedkar Nagar BRT corridor, Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) on Thursday started dry runs of the proposed signal phasing on the stretch. As part of the trial run, which will go on from May 12 to May 17, vehicles will be allowed to move freely on any lane including the dedicated bus lane.Dr S Velmurugan, senior scientist at CRRI heading the BRT study team said, \"The signal cycle that will be in operation during the trial run will be different from the usual cycle. To test if the signal controller has the required inputs to execute the new cycle, we are conducting dry runs after 11pm.\" The signal controller is manned by DIMTS - the agency that manages the BRT corridor. During the trial run, the signal cycle will have five changes, four vehicular and one for the non-motorized vehicles and pedestrians. At present, DIMTS runs a signal cycle with six changes. The trial run will also keep the signal length between 180-240 seconds for different intersections on auto mode.\"But depending on the traffic volume, it will change to manual mode, in which case, traffic personnel along with marshals will manage the intersections,\" added Velmurugan.The traffic plan will be implemented from Ambedkar Nagar Khanpur 'T' point and up to Siri Fort intersection. Effective from 6am to 10pm from May 12-17, the plan will allow left and straight bound buses to ply on the left carriageway, with locations for bus stops being indicated. Other straight bound and left bound traffic would ply on the adjacent lane. Meanwhile, vehicles turning right would ply on the extreme right lane on both directions of travel, that is, on the existing BRT lane.At Chirag Delhi intersection, one additional lane has been earmarked for right turning traffic from Sheikh Sarai to Nehru Place. Similarly, one additional right turning traffic lane has also been provided at Sheikh Sarai intersection for right turning traffic from Chirag Delhi to Saket. \"Cyclists and other non-motorized vehicles (NMV) will continue to use the existing NMV lane for all directions of travel,\" added Velmurugan.According to CRRI officials, work on other changes in the corridor like metal barriers on the bus lane to demarcate the traffic along with road signage and markings will be completed by Friday. Markings for temporary bus queue shelters on the left side of the roads will also be carved out for buses plying on the left lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091043", "title": "Dazzling, Groovy divas sizzle on the dance floor", "text": "The men might be busy with their cricket excitement as Indian Premier League nears finals, but the women in the city had a different fever that kept them going this Thursday. Dance Premier League, a dance competition organized by a city-based dance academy at a hotel on Ferozepur Road, witnessed participation from gorgeous women of all ages.About 50 women, from 16 year olds to those in their 40s, competed as part of the three teams- Dazzling Divas, Groovy Girls and Dancing Sizzlers.The age difference among the dancers wasn't evident from their performances, said Gautam Sharma, organizer of the competition.\"The dances were a treat to the eyes as the women choreographed the sufi, Bollywood and western dance forms beautifully,'' said, Kritika Trikha, a BRS Nagar resident who came to watch the competition. Manjeet Kaur Hanspal, dean, Ishmeet Singh Music Institute and Sangeeta Sharma, dance teacher at Sat Paul Mittal School, Ludhiana, judged the competition. \"Such events go a long way in enthusing confidence among people to come forward and dance, no matter if they are old or young. The older dancers defied their age here with the scintillating performances,'' said Manjeet.The Dancing Sizzlers won the tough competition to win the Dance Premier League. Puja Nagpal, captain of Dancing Sizzlers, was awarded as the most promising captain, while Saloni Goyal was awarded as the most consistent performer and Meenu Dhanda as the best performer.\"The most important thing is we gave our best shot and enjoyed ourselves,'' said Sashi Malhotra, captain of Dazzling Divas.Jasmeet Dhawan, who led the Groovy Girls, said her team enjoyed performing at the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13087906", "title": "My last wish is fulfilled, says Pakistani virologist Khaleel Chisty", "text": "AJMER: Tears welled up in the eyes of Pakistani virologist Mohammed Khaleel Chisty on Thursday when he got the news that the Supreme Court has granted him permission to visit his native country. \"It was my wish to spend the rest of my life with my wife Begum Mehrunissa who is ailing in Karachi ,\" said Chisty.He said that after a gap of 21 odd years, he has got some real good news. \"I thank the Supreme Court of India which has fulfilled my last wish that had remained buried inside me for the past 20 years,\" said Khaleel. He has been living at the house of his brother Mohammad Jameel Chisty near Jhalara in dargah region ever since he stepped out of the Central jail in Ajmer last month.Jameel and other family members distributed sweets in the locality after news broke that Khaleel has got permission to visit Pakistan. There were also special prayers by relatives of Khaleel. \"We all are fascinated by uncle Khaleel. He is very nice and he often tells us stories about love and harmony,\" said the daughter of Jameel.\"I thought more about my life in solitude and came to the conclusion that life without my wife is incomplete. In our old days, not only I, even she too needs me for company,\" said Khaleel.\"This is the stage when I feel that I should go to Pakistan and live with my children and grand children who have grown up without the support of a father and a grandfather,\" he added.Khaleel also thanked all NGOs and people who had worked hard for his release. \"There was a time when I had left all hopes for life and there was darkness within and outside my life. But suddenly the light came and now it looks like my dream has come true. I suffered for 20 long years,\" he added.Talking about his future plans, Khaleel said there is still a lot to do. \"I have suffered a lot and now I am going back to Pakistan. I will spread the message of humanity. There are lot of things for me to do. The orders of Supreme Court has given me lots of energy,\" he said. Khaleel added that he will attend the marriage of his grandson in Pakistan and will meet all his relatives who are grown up and now settled.Meanwhile Tariq, son of Khaleel, is expected to reach Ajmer on Friday from New Delhi carrying the orders permitting him to visit Pakistan. \"They have to move an application in the court,\" said Manzoor Ali, special prosecutor of fast-track court. He further said that the competent court will then release the passport of Khaleel. \"The passport has expired and it needed renewal and the court will give instructions for it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088474", "title": "Medical college professor held for cheating 3 people", "text": "CHENNAI: A professor of the Sri Ramachandra Medical College here was arrested on Thursday for cheating three men of Rs 1.36 crore, promising to get seats for their children.Police said S Senthilkumar of Kamakshi Nagar in Valasaravakkam, a professor of anatomy, collected 41 lakh from A Kumar of Alwarpet, a pharmaceutical company owner, but failed to get a seat for his daughter. Similarly, K Mohammad Ali , a real estate businessman from Kumbakonam, paid 40 lakh for a seat for his son, while Samson Dev Anand of Teynampet parted with 41 lakh for a seat for his daughter.All the three victims had been referred to the professor by different people, police said.Senthilkumar's wife S Chamundeeswari, a doctor who ran a clinic at Teynampet, was present when the money was given.When he didn't get the promised seat for his daughter and Senthilkumar gave evasive answers whenever the matter was raised, Samson filed a complaint with the Kotturpuram police. The complaint was later forwarded to the CCB, which conducted an investigation.A case was registered under IPC section 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) and a CCB team headed by deputy commissioner of police Radhika, additional deputy commissioner S Maheshwaran and inspector A V Srinivasan arrested Senthilkumar in Valasaravakkam. He was later remanded in judicial custody. More complaints are likely to pour in against the professor, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13091518", "title": "They rock in folk style", "text": "HUBLI: With a perfect blend of modernity and tradition, an enthusiastic group of engineering students is making waves in Hubli. The icing on the cake is that they render folk songs in rock style.Though influenced by western music, their penchant for folk songs tempted them to mix both and carve a niche for themselves. With western background music, popular folk songs are rendered by the nine-member team, pursuing their engineering course at BVB college. They use western instruments like djembe, drums, guitars and base guitars.Many find this innovative style mesmerizing.Students of automobile, information science, mechanical, civil and other streams have come together to revive folk culture which is rapidly vanishing under the influence of western culture.The band has become a hit in a span of few days. They have performed in colleges in Hubli, Dharwad and Bangalore. \"We wanted to promote folk songs which are on the verge of extinction. We also want to draw the attention of today's youth towards folk music,\" Pavan, who plays djembe, said.Another team member Rajguru, who plays guitar, said there are plans to bring out a CD of folk songs rendered in rock style.\"After our classes, every day we practice for 3-4 hours in the evening. We will continue our efforts to promote folk music even after completion of our degrees,\" he added.Lauding the efforts of the students, BVB College principal Ashok Shettar said they provide various instruments for the rock band.We want to promote folk songs, which is on the verge of extinction and draw the attention of youth towards folk music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13082103", "title": "Salman\u2019s expert advice for Arjun Kapoor", "text": "Salman Khan has been guiding Arjun Kapoor throughout, even when it comes to giving interviews to the press!It has been reported before how Boney Kapoor's son Arjun, lost some 60 Kgs as per Salman's suggestion to get into the shape of a hero. Arjun weighed 140 Kgs before!While shooting for Wanted, Salman pledged that he won't shoot for a scene unless Arjun doesn't finish his daily workout. Today Arjun owes it all to his mentor Salman for getting him into the best shape.The Dabangg actor has not only made him loose oodles of weight but also has been guiding him throughout.Our source revealed, \"Even while Arjun was promoting the film Salman was seen guiding him on how to give interviews to the press. Salman gives him all the confidence he requires as it is Arjun's debut film. While Arjun was giving interviews, Salman was c- incidentally at the same place and was seen catching up with Arjun during breaks. Also when Arjun visited Indore for promoting Ishaqzaade Salman had even tweeted, \"Arjun Ranawat in my home town. I call Arjun Kapoor.. Arjun Ranawat.\"Arjun Kapoor's Ishaqzaade releases tomorrow on 11th May 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087889", "title": "HC asks govt to stop mining in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan High Court, headed by Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra on Thursday asked the state government to stop all illegal minings in the 21-km stretch of Kala Pahar region in Bharatpur district. The court also issued show cause notice to the state authorities on the issue.The interim order was passed on a PIL filed by one Laxman Singh, who complained that largescale illegal mining was taking placing at Kala Pahar in Alipur village. The petitioner said there were a large number of residential houses of farmers and the poor at the foothills where the illegal mining is going on.\"It was brought to the notice of the court that stone blasting results in noise pollution. As fallout of the stone blasting, 13 people have died so far,\" said Karan Pal Singh, advocate for the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13091575", "title": "Mother\u2019s Day: Stores filled with cards and gifts for the occasion", "text": "RANCHI: \"If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be Mother's Day.. everyday. Thanks for always helping me to remember what is important in life... and today it is you! You're the best! Thanks for all you do\"...... this and many such lovely quotes can be found in the cards adorning the shelves of every gift shop in the city as Mother's Day approaches.Shops are full of cards and gift items for the special day, which will be celebrated on May 13. Owner of Archies Gallery Kundan Kashyap said, \"We have a huge range of gifts and cards for the Mother's Day including mementos, photo frames, coffee mugs and soft toys. We had put up all the gifts on sale a week before and the sale has already picked up.\"Musical, pop out and poster size cards on sale range from Rs 25 to Rs 195. Teddy bears with words like, \"Mom you are a star\" and \"I love you Mom\", are very popular and are available in the range of Rs 399 to Rs 999.The latest trend is a scroll with quotations about mother written on it, which costs Rs 149. A set for Mother's Day gift includes quotation book, coffee mug and a photo frame for Rs 999 and is very popular among youths.Personalised coffee mugs, T-shirts and pillows have attained huge popularity and is a favourite gifts for the Mother's Day. \"I will wear a T-shirt with my mom's photo on it for the Mother's Day. I am sure she will be happy and surprised,\" said Saurabh, a student.Manisha Jhunjhunwala, who runs a shop for personalised gift items said, \"In the past two weeks, I have received 65 orders for coffee mugs, 10 for T shirts and 15 for pillows. The price ranges from Rs 299 to Rs 799, which is not much as it can be preserved forever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089497", "title": "Rajya Sabha adjourned twice over \u2018foul\u2019 smell", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajya Sabha was adjourned twice during the pre-lunch sitting on Thursday after members complained of a 'foul' smell due to leak of some kind of gas. Later, it was found that the smell was due to ongoing maintenance work on a nearby drain.At 11.28 am, when minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy was responding to a question, Congress member R C Khuntia complained that there was a gas leak. Other members too made similar complaints.Chairman Hamid Ansari adjourned the House for 15 minutes. When the House reassembled, deputy chairman PJ Kurien announced another adjournment till noon. The House could resume its business only after secretariat staff switched off the air-conditioning system briefly for circulation of fresh air.The gas leak complaint comes three days after the Parliament complex faced three brief power cuts on May 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087633", "title": "Bidding adieu to pollution, zoo to get battery cars", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pollution has always been a major concern at the Nehru Zoological Park which is all set to launch 25 battery operated vehicles in its 360 acre premises. Zoo officials said that the Zoo Authority of AP has given its nod on Wednesday and soon they would start the process by floating tenders.Apart from cutting down pollution levels, the vehicles would also be of great help for the physically challenged visitors, senior citizens and general tourists to take a complete round of the zoo. Officials said that people get exhausted by the time they cover half of the zoo but now they can opt for a ride in this vehicle and see the entire park in about two hours. Officials stated that the vehicles would halt for a few minutes at all the important spots in the zoo including the reptile house, the butterfly park, nocturnal animal house among others.The proposed fare for adults is Rs 40 for a ride in the battery operated vehicles. For children up to 12 years, the fare would be Rs 20.Since last year, the authorities have been initiating steps to make the zoo environment friendly. One step was a hike in the entry fee of four wheelers from Rs 500 to Rs 750 to discourage entry of cars. \"They (the battery operated vehicles) are environment friendly as they are smokeless and noiseless. Visitors would have a comfortable time while exploring the zoo,\" said an official. He added that the vehicles would be in place in about two months. Currently, the zoo has four CNG visitor vans, but the battery-operated vehicles will rule out pollution completely, he added.In addition to the Nehru Zoological Park, the other two zoos in the state would also get these vehicles. While the Sri Venkateshwara Zoo at Tirupati will get four, Indira Gandhi Zoo at Vishakhapatnam would get three battery operated vehicles. Each vehicle costs Rs 6.5 lakh. Similar vehicles are already plying in zoological parks at Mysore, Chennai and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089405", "title": "Reforms get a jolt as cabinet defers decision on three bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bid to jumpstart economic reforms and quicken governance by pushing through pending policy decisions failed to make it past the cabinet on Thursday as the ministerial panel further deferred long overdue legislations related to insurance, coal and competition law.Differences over scope and authority of regulatory bodies and investment levels proved to be speed breakers. The keenly awaited Insurance Bill - where a critical clause to raise foreign investment ceiling from 26% to 49% had in any case been dropped - was deferred as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee sought more time.Although the reason for Mukherjee's decision was not immediately known, the minister is learnt to have said that he wanted another week or so before the cabinet deliberated on it. Ministers, however, said it may have gone into limbo again and suggested the 26% cap might be a point of discussion.Similarly, the cabinet decided to refer a bill for setting up a coal regulator to a ministerial panel after senior members expressed reservations over the sweeping powers and role envisaged for the watchdog. Top government sources said home minister P Chidambaram, urban development minister Kamal Nath and corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily voiced reservation over the provisions in the bill.Government sources quoted Chidambaram as pointing out to the Cabinet that the powers and role envisaged in the bill for the regulator would render the executive - or the coal ministry - redundant.\"You may have to wind up the coal ministry ... if the regulator is also going to play the role of the executive, it (ministry) would be left with the task of just deciding transfers and postings,\" sources quoted Chidambaram as saying.The third casualty was the bill to amend the Competition Act, which among other things, intends to widen the ambit of the watchdog to deal with banking and pharmaceutical mergers and acquisitions.Sources said, Mukherjee was the first to raise the red flag over permitting the Competition Commission of India to approve bank M&As;, a proposal strongly opposed by Reserve Bank of India which fears loss of turf to the newly set up body. Telecom minister Kapil Sibal pointed to similar issues with regard to the telecom regulator.According to the provisions of the coal regulator, it would decide the price of coal, allotting or cancelling allotments of coal blocks, set performance parameters and advise the ministry on formulating policy and implementing them.Such vast powers spanning both executive and regulatory functions have drawn opposition from ministries overseeing consumer industries such as power and steel.The coal ministry first moved a note for a panel of secretaries on the need for a sectoral regulator in 2009.The idea of an independent regulator for the coal industry was first proposed in the Integrated Energy Policy framed by former Planning Commission member Kirit Parikh and the TL Shankar Committee on coal sector reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13089831", "title": "No payment of salary, Kingfisher Airlines pilots call in sick", "text": "MUMBAI: A large section of Delhi-based pilots of the Kingfisher Airlines , rostered for flights, called in sick Wednesday midnight onwards. Mumbai-based pilots joined the agitation Thursday evening. There was no perceptible impact on the airline's flight schedules or passengers though.\"The airline management roped in pilots who also hold managerial positions to fill in for absentee pilots. As the carrier operates a skeletal flight schedule, these pilots could handle the workload,\" said a source. From Mumbai airport only one flight, the morning one to Chennai, was cancelled and it was for operational reasons, said a Mumbai International Airport spokesperson. The airline spokesperson was not available for comment.Kingfisher is now the smallest airline in the country in terms of market share with its operations down to 110 daily flights compared to 400-odd daily flights it operated last summer. The pilots' agitation could cause flight delays and cancellations if it continues beyond 48 hours. \"The airline cannot roster its handful of management pilots everyday. They would have to give them their mandatory rest. That is when the airline will find it hard to maintain its flight schedule,\" the source said.The pilots who have called in sick are largely commanders. \"First-officers or co-pilots generally stay away from protests as they are at a greater risk of being penalized by the management because of their junior position,\" said a source.The airline has about 120 commanders, out of which about 20 fly A330 and cannot be rostered for domestic flights for which ATR and A320 aircraft are used. Fifteen pilots have not renewed their license ratings and cannot be rostered for flight duties.The pilots had earlier planned to protest from Monday. Around 7 pm, they received a mail from Chairman Vijay Mallya listing the accomplishments of the airline as Kingfisher completed seven years of operations on May 9. \"The UB Group has infused cash of Rs 1,500 crore into Kingfisher over the past 15 months alone,\" the letter said. \"We face multiple challenges, almost on a daily basis which we take in our stride despite stiff odds. This includes salary payments which have commenced from today,\" wrote Mallya. However, the pilots did not receive their salary on Wednesday or Thursday. \"The management has been blatantly lying to us. They told us they have deposited the money for our salary in the bank. However, when we checked with the banks, they revealed that not a cent has been deposited,\" said a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai/mettur", "code": "13089740", "title": "Probe ordered into fire at Mettur plant", "text": "CHENNAI/METTUR: The Tamil Nadu government has ordered an enquiry into the fire accident at the 840MW Mettur thermal power plant which killed one person. The fire was sparked off from a conveyor belt carrying coal to the furnace. Sources in the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board told TOI that a probe would unearth the causes of the fire at the plant which forced managers to shut down the plant and deprive the state of a much-needed 800MW of supply.Raising the issue in the state assembly, chief minister J Jayalalithaa said the fire, which broke out past midnight on Thursday, had completely damaged the conveyor belt and the space between the two towers in the coal handling area. All the four units at the power station were halted. Station chief engineer C Madhu told reporters soon after the fire was brought under control that the accident could have been caused by electrical short-circuit.However, a section of the Central Organization of Tamilnadu Electricity Employees (COTEE) blamed it on low quality coal, poor maintenance and a serious shortage of manpower. Said COTEE secretary V Elangovan, \"When coal is taken through a conveyor belt to a height of 52 metres from the ground, some of it is bound to fall. This is highly combustible coal and could easily catch fire.\" Added to this is the manpower shortage, claimed Elangovan.TNEB officials, however, dismissed the claims, saying the quality of the coal imported from Indonesia was good and the shortage of manpower was not restricted to one plant alone. They confirmed that an enquiry has been ordered to find out the reasons for the fire in the plant.\"The EB is making arrangements to get power from North Chennai and Tuticorin thermal plants as well as a private power plant. All these plants will contribute around 750 MW every day. With wind energy also on the rise, contributing 2,500MW now, we don't see much change in the existing power situation in the state. However, we are continuously monitoring the functioning of other power plants in the state,\" said TNEB officials. \"As of now, there won't be any increase in the scheduled power cuts in the state, including Chennai,\" they added.Power loss to be made up through other sources: CMCHENNAI:The loss of 800MW due to a fire in the Mettur thermal power station would be made up through other sources, said Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in the state assembly on Thursday. The chief minister said some of the units in the Turicorin and North Chennai thermal power plants, which had been shut down for maintenance, would be reopened immediately. She said the fire accident at the Mettur plant had stopped power production to the tune of 840MW.\"However, in order to ease the trouble faced by the public, steps have been taken on a war footing to commission non-functioning units at Tuticorin and North Chennai from today,\" she said. A total of 420MW of power would be generated from these units. In addition, 330MW would be purchased from a private power producer at Pillaiperumalnallur. As against the loss of 840MW in power production, 750MW would be made up, she said.The chief minister said she had directed officials to get the Mettur plant back on track at the earliest. Conveying her condolences to family members of Nallathambi, the plant worker, who had died in the fire accident, the chief minister announced compensation of Rs two lakh.She said Gopal, who was injured in the fire, would be given Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089614", "title": "MP govt wants to lease forest patches to private tour operators", "text": "NEW DELHI: After demanding that the core of tiger reserves be opened to tourism, the Madhya Pradesh government has mooted another controversial proposal, to lease out large tracts of reserved forest lands to private tourism operators.The proposal to develop 'ecotourism forests' through PPP mode could stir a controversy like the earlier one to open tiger reserves to tourism, which is now being contested in the Supreme Court.TOI accessed a draft of the proposed policy, shared by state officials with other stakeholders, lamenting the impact of UPA's Forest Rights Act which hands back forests to traditional owners claiming that would increase pressure on the green zones. It instead proposes that the forest department bid out forest patches of 50-150 sq km through competitive bidding to those interested in tourism to control the lands for a period of 10 years.While the Forest Conservation Act of 1980 notes that no forest can be diverted for non-forest use without permission of the centre, the Madhya Pradesh government believes that tourism falls outside the purview of the regulations.HS Pabla, head of the ecotourism board of Madhya Pradesh government, told TOI that the state law department had suggested that tourism operations did not fall foul of the act's provisions.Similar attempts by forest departments and governments to lease out forest lands to paper, pulp and other industries has failed over the past two decades owing to pressure from communities that have traditional rights.Laying the blame for decimation of forests squarely on the people living in proximity to forests, the MP policy paper suggests that tourism would help save the green patches and provide jobs to tribals and others living off the forests.At a time when state and central governments are attempting to give back rights to tribals, the move is bound to raise concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089551", "title": "Helplines: No solace for harried callers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In case of a power shutdown, city residents find it difficult to get information about when the supply will be restored as numbers of sub-station concerned are continuously busy during the duration of the cut. But the much-touted service of grievance redressal outsourced to Doecce by UT engineering department too fails to deliver during the power cut, as was the case on Wednesday night.\"Electricity went off in my Sector at 10.30pm on Wednesday and the number of Sector 35 power sub-station (2602524) was constantly busy. Around midnight, the area again plunged into darkness. I desperately called the police control room (100) and they gave me number of Chandigarh electricity helpline (4639999). However, no one attended the call. A mobile number was also given which was switched off,\" said a Sector 35 resident.\"The facility is an unnecessary burden on the department's exchequer. Residents complain that they do not get proper information as there is no mechanism in place to provide updates to this call centre. Eventually, people have to call up the sub-station or the power men to make complaints. The issue has been taken up several times with the authorities but to no avail,\" alleged Gopal Dutt Joshi, secretary, UT Powermen Union.An employee of Doecce, however, claimed that 24-hour helpline had four operators and an attempt is made to provide prompt information by making a call to the sub-station and finding out the status of the repair work. \"All calls are attended,\" he insisted.The helpline number is printed on electricity bills and the department has been making an appeal to residents to call there instead of at sub-stations. A UT official, meanwhile, said a dedicated customer care centre would soon be set up and a team of 10 persons will take calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088757", "title": "Brihan Mumbai Corporation to probe Sion hospital doctor\u2019s role in drug scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government asked Brihan Mumbai Corporation (BMC) to probe if a city doctor, attached to the Lokmanya Tilak Muncipal General hospital (popularly known as Sion hospital), has endorsed the scientific recommendation of some drug companies.Medical education minister Vijaykyumar Gavit said, \"Sion hospital falls under the BMC jurisdiction. The state has no direct control over it. But since the scam, discussed at the Union government level, has named a doctor attached to the city-based civic hospital, the state has intervened and directed the authorities to conduct a probe and submit the details of the investigations.\"The order comes in the wake of the drug scam involving top doctors where they (doctors) are believed to have endorsed some products for which the scientific recommendation has been written by drug manufacturing companies. The parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare has arrived at this conclusion in its latest reports. The parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare has found that in case of several drugs, expert advice and letter of recommendations from various doctors read exactly the same.Gavit said, \"If the BMC finds anyone guilty, then the state government will ask the Medical Council of India ( MCI ) to initiate stern action against the erring doctor.\" TOI reported on Thursday that three doctors, located in three different states, recommended Sertindole (Lundbeck), an anti-psychotic drug and interestingly, letter of recommendation by these doctors was almost identical in nature. The head of department (HoD) of Sion Hospital's psychiatric department is one of the three doctors who has been named for giving the recommendation.Meanwhile, public health department minister Suresh Shetty on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with department officials regarding online inventory of the drug stock in the state. The meeting was attended by Jayant Banthia, additional chief secretary (health), Bhushan Gagrani (secretary, health), Vikas Kharage (commissioner of family welfare) and other senior officials. After the meeting, Shetty said, \"The online inventory system helps the department to have accurate details of medicine available with the hospitals in the state.\" Speaking on the drug scam, Shetty said, \"To prevent such malpractices in procurement of medicines, the public health department has started online tendering and procurement of drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13091504", "title": "Biomass power production unit on the cards", "text": "RANCHI: The day is not far off when the state will have its first biomass power production unit in Ramgarh. The green energy project of Rake Power limited (RPL), part of Secunderabad-based Shalivahana Geeen Energy, the plant is awaiting a nod from the ministry of forest and environment and assurance of the state government for water supply.The company has already purchased 29 acres of land required for the project from the villagers at Bongai under Gola block of Ramgarh district and sought generation tariff order from the Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission (JSERC), for its 23 MW biomass based power project.The plant is to be fed by biomass from its catchment area in Ramgarh and adjoining districts. The biomass plant burns fuels like cotton stalks, red gram, jowar, soyabean stalks, rice husk and other crop residues along with coal to charge a boiler fitted with a condensing type turbine of 23MW capacity.Project in-charge Sunil Lal said the company had applied to the commission for determination of generation tariff in 2010. The petition was minutely considered by the commission after several rounds of public hearing and finally disposed in October 2011. Disposing the tariff petition, JSERC ruled generation tariff at the rate of Rs.5.30 per KWH for water cooled plants and Rs 5.53 PKWH for air cooled plants for the financial year 2012-13. While the company clearly mentioned in its petition that after signing of agreement with the state government it would require 18 months time to establish the plant, things have been held up since then.With over 20 big and small projects on renewable energy all over the country, RPL has 35MW of biomass-based power plants, 15.4MW of municipal solid waste and 3.4MW of wind energy-based plants in the country. Four biomass based projects comprising 7.5MW in Adilabad, Andhra Pradesh, 7.5MW at Tumkur, Karnataka, 10MW in Yavatmal, Maharashtra and another 10MW plant in Nagpur, Maharashtra are already operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13089448", "title": "Abducted sarpanch killed by Naxals", "text": "GONDIA: The body of Ghanshyam Koreti, sarpanch of Istari in Deori tehsil who was abducted from his residence on Monday night, was found near the tank of village Dhamni Tola on Thursday morning.Koreti was prosecuted in 2010 for allegedly misappropriating funds received for water supply scheme of the village. He was playing double game since then. Although he was a Naxal sympathizer, he was pretending that he was a police informer. On Monday, some 10-12 Naxals came to his residence around 9pm, confided in him and took him with them with the assurance that he would be released the next day. But that did not happen.SDOP Shashikant Borade is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13091498", "title": "Army officers, jawans involved in scuffle in Ladakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army officers and jawans based in Ladakh were involved in a scuffle during field firing, official sources said on Friday.They said the scuffle took place between officers and jawans of an artillery unit deployed in Nyoma in Ladakh on Thursday night.Commenting on the situation, Army headquarters said that, \"Due to some administrative reasons, there was a scuffle in an artillery unit during field firing. The incident is under investigation and necessary action will be taken.They said no casualties occurred during the scuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13093553", "title": "Raja to stay in jail, court reserves order on his bail plea till May 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Friday reserved its order on bail plea of former telecom minister A Raja till May 15.Raja is in custody since his arrest on February 2 last year and is facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case.The CBI opposed Raja's bail plea in the court, who had moved his first bail application on Wednesday after over 15 months of his arrest.The DMK MP had filed the bail plea on the ground of parity with other 13 accused who all have been granted the relief by the Supreme Court, the Delhi high court and the special court trying the case.Raja had filed the application soon after former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, who was arrested along with him on February 2 last year, was granted bail by the Supreme Court.Raja, in his bail plea, contended that he is \"innocent\" and the case against him is \"false and fabricated\".\"The case against the petitioner (Raja) is false and fabricated and is not sustainable on law or on facts. The petitioner is innocent and is likely to get acquitted.\"All the individual accused persons in this case, except the petitioner, have been released on bail .... The petitioner is entitled to bail on the grounds of parity,\" Raja had said. Raja is the only accused yet to secure bail in the case.Besides him, DMK MP Kanimozhi, Behura, Raja's former private secretary R K Chandolia and corporate executives Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, Unitech Limited MD Sanjay Chandra and Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group executives Gautam Doshi, Surendra Pipara and Hari Nair are facing trial in the case.Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar, filmmaker Karim Morani and Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd directors Rajiv Aggarwal and Asif Balwa are also facing trial along with three telecom firms Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Reliance Telecom Ltd and Unitech Wireless ( Tamil Nadu ) Ltd under various penal provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091312", "title": "Sanand is hurt by CM's silence on issue of Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The silence of Akhilesh Yadav , the young chief minister with masters degree in environmental engineering, on environmental issues is hurting the scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swaroop Sanand (earlier known as Prof GD Agrawal), who has left oral consumption of even water as a part of his austerity protest due to alleged inaction of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for saving holy river Ganga.During a chat with the TOI on Thursday Swami Sanand said, \"I came to know recently that provision of small sewage treatment plants (STP) for residential colonies and other establishments mushroomed along the Ganga has been made and the UP Jal Nigam is being assigned to handle such projects. It was surprising because no decision in this regard had been taken during the National River Ganga Basin Authority (NRGBA) meeting. It seems that this act was done at the level of the officials only. It is more shocking to see that despite knowing the ground realities and working on such agency, the young CM, who is also an environmental engineer, is sitting silently.\"Swami Sanand said the fact could not be denied that regular monitoring of the STPs operation by the agency like UP Jal Nigam is not possible for any government. But why the government avoided forming committees at local level for such monitoring, he wondered. Regarding stopping treated wastewater for irrigation from its Dinapur STP by the UPJN by showing an instruction of agriculture department not to allow irrigation, he said when the quality of water was not satisfactory for irrigation, why it is being disposed in the Ganga.He said the much awaited April 17 (when the NRGBA's meeting held under the chairmanship of the PM in New Delhi) had passed away and it would never come again. It may be recalled here that during the same meeting, the PM had assured that he would take any decision after holding talks with Swami Sanand. After waiting for fixing a date of such talk for 15 days, Swami Sanand decided to quit water as a part of his on-going austerity on May 2 and on the very next day, he was admitted to the SPG Hospital and also force-fed by the doctors. After him, two more seers, including Brahmchari Krishna Priyanand, were also admitted to the same hospital by Wednesday. Swami Sanand, who is of the view that his austerity should not be termed as an agitation, said everyone (government) is doing 'Kadam-taal' on the issue of the Ganga as well as other environmental issues despite the fact that any solution could be found only by marching ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087501", "title": "Carelessness at Coimbatore corporation swimming pool results in mishap", "text": "COIMBATORE: A seven-year-old boy has been admitted to a private hospital here with critical brain damage after he met with an accident while taking summer swimming coaching at the Coimbatore corporation swimming pool near Gandhi Park in the city.The boy has been admitted to the intensive care unit of KG Hospital and his distraught parents are praying for his survival. Corporation officials, meanwhile, claimed that fresh tenders were being called for maintenance of the swimming pool and that they would ensure it was handed over to proper contractors for maintenance and safety of swimmers.\"The condition of the boy is still critical. We cannot say anything at this point of time,\" said a hospital source.The incident occurred on Wednesday when the boy and his father had gone to the corporation swimming pool where a summer swimming coaching camp is being conducted. The boy reportedly dived into the pool and since there was no proper trainer in the vicinity, he almost drowned and a lot of water went into his internal organs. The blood supply to his brain was also cut off for more than 20 minutes since he was not given any first aid or Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) immediately after the mishap.The pool is about 62X22 feet in size and the shallow end is about 3.5 foot deep. The depth at the other end is about 12 feet. The pool was not being properly maintained as there was only a group of youth, all in their early 20s, without any proper training in first aid attending to the swimmers at the pool.\"His father and close family members are in a state of terrible shock and are not in a position to speak,\" said a distant relative.According to a hospital source, the boy reportedly went to the swimming class and dived into the water following instructions of the driving instructor. But he did not surface and the trainer also noticed it late before he was pulled out of the water.The boy had reportedly gone for the session along with his father, a professor at a private university in the city.\"We had noticed the boy underwater and immediately took him down. We are in touch with the hospital authorities,\" said Arun Kumar, one of the workers employed at the pool.The corporation officials said the pool has been closed for two days since the tender has been expired. The contract will be awarded to a new set of private individuals for further maintenance.Swimming experts and coaches in the city expressed shock over the incident and claimed that it was extremely unfortunate that swimming coaching was being given at the corporation pool without proper guidance. \"At least three life guards should be present at the pool whenever swimmers enter it, going by the sheer size of the pool,\" said M A Gireesh, a certified swimming coach at a private educational institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089361", "title": "Citizen's panel to investigate Kalamna incident", "text": "NAGPUR: Several social organizations, prominent social workers and alert citizens expressed their anguish at the lynching of three members of 'bahurupiya' community by a mob at Kalamna on Wednesday. They also decided to set up a fact-finding-committee to investigate the incident and suggest measures to curb the growing public tendency towards vigilante action bordering on mobocracy.Squarely blaming the police for their inaction, the speakers said that the way the victims were dragged out of the police van and lynched by a mob in the presence of police personnel, who were supposed to protect reflected the sad state of affairs in the city. Lawyers, social workers stressed that whatever the grievances or suspicions were, people had no right to take law into their own hands under any circumstance.The meeting to condemn the Kalamna episode was called by Jan-Aakrosh. Despite the short notice of a few hours, several prominent citizens and representatives of at least 10 social orgainsations had gathered at Mor Bhavan demonstrating sensitivity. Senior activist Umesh Choube presided over the meeting.Jan Aakrosh president Dr Anil Laddhad said that the gathering was of right-minded people who have joined hands to check the falling moral values and a system that often failed to protect the weak. \"Unless some committed people come together and demand corrective measures, things would only go from bad to worse,\" he said. He pointed out that Jan-Aakrosh was the first to raise the question of poor training imparted to drivers of Starbuses in the city, but authorities paid no attention. Several innocent lives have been lost under the wheels of the city buses run by ill-trained drivers. Similarly traffic problems have remained unattended, he said.Chhaya Sawarkar of Andha Sharddha Nirmulan Samiti and a city lawyer R Sathe said mere condemning of such incidents has become a ritual. Time has come for serious social action, holding authorities and elected leaders responsible for failures in the system.Gyaenshwar Rakshak, Atul Ghatwai, Ghanshyam Fuse, Dr Milind Mane, Sunil Sariputta also expressed concern over the growing lawlessness in society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088863", "title": "Supreme Court allows Chishty to visit Pak till Nov 1 on surety of 5 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty years after he got involved in a brawl resulting in a person's death while on a visit to India, octogenarian Pakistani virologist Mohammed Khalil Chishty may get to see his home and family in Karachi again.The Supreme Court on Thursday allowed Chishty to visit his Karachi home till November 1 on a security deposit of Rs 5 lakh. The virologist has been convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He is out on bail pending an appeal against the verdict in the apex court.The go-ahead by a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar came despite additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran's apprehension that absence of an extradition treaty with Pakistan would make it difficult for India to bring Chishty back if he decided not to return.Bench takes view of old ageParasaran argued that the Indian government was ready to facilitate visits by Chishty's relatives from Pakistan if he was yearning to see his family members.But the bench said in view of his old age and scholarly achievements, it was inclined to allow Chishty's plea to visit Karachi. However, it asked him make the security in the apex court registry within two weeks as a guarantee for his return to India on November 1.The court also asked Chishty to surrender his passport to the Indian high commission office at Karachi immediately after he reaches his hometown.A trial court on January 31, 2011, convicted him for murder and sentenced him to life imprisonment. The Rajasthan HC upheld the verdict. During pendency of Chishty's appeal against the HC decision, the SC had granted him bail. Now, the court has fixed November 20 for hearing on his appeal against his conviction and sentence in the murder case.Chishty was born into the family of caretakers of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti's shrine. During the partition, he was studying in what became Pakistan and decided to stay on in that country. In 1992, he came to see his ailing mother but got involved in a brawl in which a neighbour was shot dead and his nephew was injured.Chishty, who suffers from heart, hearing and other ailments, lived in his brother's poultry farm till his conviction. A former SC judge, Justice Markandey Katju, had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh advocating grant of pardon to Chishty, who was a renowned professor of virology in Karachi Medical College and also holds a PhD from Edinburgh University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "toi got talking to ut finance secretary v k singh on the issue of outages in over a dozen sectors in the city. excerpts", "code": "13089519", "title": "\u2018Unforeseen problems are the pitfall\u2019", "text": "TOI got talking to UT finance secretary V K Singh on the issue of outages in over a dozen sectors in the city. Excerpts:Has UT made adequate arrangements for ensuring interrupted power supply this summer? We have made arrangements for the season. Agreements have been worked out with generating units and additional power will also be bought during peak time, for which tenders have been floated. What was the reason for the long duration of cuts on Wednesday and Thursday? The problem was a breakdown in the transmission system in Mohali, which affected supply in Chandigarh. Is there a plan to strengthen electricity infrastructure in the city? It is an ongoing process and infrastructure is being provided as per the requirements of the electricity department. Is there any gap in demand and supply these days? The city is getting adequate supply from various sources. The problem arises due to unforeseen problems like breakdowns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092317", "title": "Suspected Maoist arrested by Delhi Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police have arrested a suspected Maoist belonging to People's War Group (PWG) from Rohini.Pradeep Kumar Singh, hailing from Jharkhand , was apprehended from Rohini area on Thursday, a senior police official said on Friday.Pradeep joined PWG in the late 1990s and was alleged to be involved in the murder of Lohardaga SP Ajay Kumar Singh. After this incident, Pradeep had gone underground.Pradeep's son, Rakesh Kumar Singh, is an area commander of Maoists in Jharkhand.Acting on a tip off about Pradeep's presence in Delhi, a team of crime branch laid a trap and caught him, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13086987", "title": "Supreme Court asks Centre to examine complaints against former Chief Justice of India KG Balakrishnan", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented move, the Supreme Court on Thursday \"requested\" the Centre to examine the allegations of serious corruption and misconduct against former Chief Justice of India KG Balakrishnan and take suitable action, including his removal as the chief of National Human Rights Commission, if they were found correct.A bench of Justices BS Chauhan and JS Khehar said if the competent authority found that that the allegations deserved to be acted upon, then the President on the advice of the council of ministers could go ahead as per Section 5(2) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993, and send a reference to the Supreme Court for its opinion on removal of Justice Balakrishnan as chairperson of the apex human rights body.This is the first instance when the apex court has told the government to take a decision on a complaint against a former Chief Justice of India. It is also the first time that the SC has said the government could consider sending a reference against an NHRC chief if the accusations against him were found worth inquiring into.\"If the allegations, in the aforesaid determination, are found to be unworthy of any further action, the petitioners shall be informed accordingly. Alternatively, the President of India, based on the advice of the council of ministers, may proceed with the matter in accordance with the mandate of Section 5(2) of the 1993 Act,\" the bench said.The order came on a PIL that NGO 'Common Cause' filed a year ago, detailing serious allegations leveled against the former CJI by Committee on Judicial Accountability and Reforms (CJAR), including acquisition of several properties in the name of his family members.Charges of misconduct have dogged the ex-CJI ever since he quit office, anti-graft activists highlighting them to hammer home their demand for measures to tackle corruption in judiciary.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Khehar said the PIL could be disposed of by requesting the competent authority to take a decision on the memorandum CJAR had submitted to the President demanding action against the NHRC chief.On April 4 last year, CJAR wrote to President Pratibha Patil requesting her to make a reference to the SC \"for inquiry into the misbehaviour of Justice K G Balakrishnan, chairman, National Human Rights Commission and ex-Chief Justice of India, under Section 5(1) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993\".Section 5(2) of the Protection of Human Rights Act provides that \"the chairperson or any member shall be removed from his office by order of the President of India on the ground of proved misbehaviour or incapacity after the Supreme Court, on inquiry held in accordance with the procedure prescribed in that behalf by the Supreme Court, reports that the chairperson or the member, as the case may be, ought on any such ground to be removed\".The five charges sought to be inquired against Justice Balakrishnan and his relatives are:* Benami properties in the names of his daughters, sons-in-law and brothers (CJAR complaint lists a huge number of benami properties allegedly purchased by them) * Benami properties in the name of his former aide M Kannabiran allegedly given from discretionary quota of then Tamil Nadu chief minister M Karunanidhi * Justice Balakrishnan allegedly approved of evasive and false replies given by CPIO, Supreme Court in response to RTI application filed by Subhash Chandra Agarwal regarding declaration of assets by judges * Resisting attempts to stop elevation of Justice Paul Dinakaran to the Supreme Court despite many charges of land grab, encroachment and possessing assets beyond his known sources of income * Suppressing a letter written by a High Court judge alleging that former Union minister A Raja tried to interfere in his judicial function and later lying to the press that he had not received any such letter implicating any Union ministerThough the apex court asked the \"competent authority\" to look into the CJAR communication, it did not prescribe any time limit for it.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13092096", "title": "Elephant census to be done by May-end", "text": "MYSORE: The countrywide elephant census, which is taken every five years, will be done by May-end. Project Elephant field director Ajai Misra, chief conservator of forests, held a meeting of officials in this regard, here on Thursday. Misra said according to the last census (conducted in 2007), Karnataka had 4,000-6,000 elephants.The figure has remained the same for the past two decades. \"Elephant is a unique animal which keeps changing territories. Their census will be done in co-ordination with forest officers of the neighbouring states,\" he said.Normally, two types of elephant census are taken -- countrywide and reserve forest-wise. The second type of census is taken once in four years.Even during this period, the number of elephants was found in the same bracket. Misra said he has given instructions to forest personnel, and officers in their respective places will carry out the census in association with volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086932", "title": "Film appreciation camp begins at public library", "text": "KOCHI: One should appreciate a film not only with the brain, but also with the heart and mind, said renowned film director Kamal who inaugurated a three-day film appreciation camp at the Ernakulam Public Library on Thursday.He paid tribute to the father of Malayalam movies J C Daniel and father of Indian cinema Dadasaheb Phalke during the function. He said, \"Film is an art of the masses, dedicated to them and savoured by them.\"The film appreciation camp is organized to help people appreciate films better through all its elements - music, visuals, background scores, frames etc.The camp includes sessions by camp director John Paul, professor C S Jayaram, scholar on the subject of film grammar, P F Mathew, director Anjali Menon, writers professor I Shanmugha Das and C S Venkitesan.The third day will also include a session on acting by Muthumani of 'Rasathanthram' fame. Screening of many short films and movies will also be held. Director Ashique Abu will give away the certificates to the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087788", "title": "Maharashtra health and technology common entrance test: Students find physics tough", "text": "PUNE: Students appearing for the Maharashtra health and technology common entrance test (MHT-CET) on Thursday said the physics paper was tough, but, overall, the difficulty level was similar to that of the last three years.Nearly 36,000 students appeared for the test in 77 exam centres, which qualifies them for professional courses in health sciences, pharmacy and engineering in the state.Students aspiring for health science courses, appeared for physics, chemistry and biology papers; while engineering aspirants appeared for physics, chemistry and mathematics papers. Students also had the option of writing all the four papers to be eligible for both engineering and health science courses.Sushmita Swami, a student of Jain Kanya Prashala, Chinchwad, said, \"The physics paper was tougher than usual. The numerical questions in part I of the paper were lengthy and a bit confusing.\" Biology and chemistry papers posed no problems, but the calculus portion of mathematics paper was a little tricky as well, she added.Many other students echoed Sushmita's reaction regarding the difficulty level of the physics paper. Ishita Ghosh, who hails from Durgapur, West Bengal , and was in the city to appear for the test, said, besides being tough, the physics paper was lengthy as well.\"One-and-a-half-hours was too less to complete the physics paper. The chemistry paper was also lengthy,\" she added.Vivek Patil, who appeared for physics, chemistry and mathematics papers, said barring physics, the rest of the question paper was easy. \"Some problems in wave theory were difficult. I felt part II of the physics paper was toughest in this year's test,\" he added. Kandan Saswade, who appeared for all the subjects, however, did not think that the physics paper was the toughest of the four. \"Personally, I felt mathematics to be the toughest paper,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13091247", "title": "Water tariff likely to go up by 3%", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government has proposed to make water tariff slab-based just like power as against the present practice of flat pricing per kilo litre (KL). The tariff will automatically go up by three per cent annually if the plan materializes.A meeting on revision of Odisha Water Works (OWU) Rules chaired by chief secretary B K Patnaik has suggested Rs 4 per KL for the first 10 KL for domestic and below poverty line (BPL) users, minutes of the meeting said. For above 10 KL and up to 25 KL, the meeting proposed Rs 6 per KL. For use of more than 25 KL, the government plans to charge Rs 10 per KL. At present, domestic users are charged around Rs 3.20 per KL irrespective of the volume of use.\"Most states are already using the telescopic tariff under which the price per unit is dependent on volume of use. We have suggested the government for the shift,\" said chief engineer, public health (urban) Dilip Singh. As per the proposal, Odisha Water Utility (Urban Local Bodies) Rules 2012 would replace OWU Rules.The meeting suggested that apart from three per cent automatic rise every year, a rate revision committee will review the rates every five years.Government-run schools, colleges and universities, hostels and hospitals shall pay water tariff same as domestic users. Other institutions will pay Rs 15 per KL for monthly consumption up to 100 KL and Rs 20 per KL for above 100 KL. Industries and commercial establishments will pay Rs 18 per KL for the first 100 KL and Rs 28 per KL for above 100 KL.Non-meter domestic consumers will pay Rs 100 per month for first tap and Rs 60 per month for each additional tap. Non-meter BPL consumers will pay Rs 40 per month for first tap and Rs 35 for each extra tap. The same meeting has also suggested automatic increase of sewerage tariff on all categories of consumers @ three per cent every year and tariff reviewed every five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094343", "title": "Jr.NTR New Movie under Harish Shankar", "text": "Sometime back there was a buzz that young tiger Jr. NTR would team with director Harish Shankar for a hilarious flick . And now, the director himself has confirmed that he would be wielding the megaphone for the star hero. Harish submitted the bound script to NTR and the actor has given the green signal to start rolling the camera.The screenplay team is already on the job and the movie is expected to hit the production deck around September. Sources further say that the film will have a political backdrop and is titled 'MLA', although the makers are yet to confirm it. NTR's close friend and Gudivada TDP MLA Kodali Nani is producing the movie under Vaishnavi Arts banner. Touted to be a full-fledged entertainer, the shooting for the film will kickstart after Jr. NTR wraps up 'Baadshah'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088112", "title": "3-year-old's body fished out of pond", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of a three-year-old boy was fished out of a pond near Doddakallasandra on Bangalore-Kanakapura Road on Thursday morning.Subramanyapura police were alerted by passersby about the floating body in the pond filled with rainwater in Marutinagar.Police said the body appeared to have been in water for at least a day and that the boy didn't seem to be from the area. \"We are on the lookout for the boy's parents. We are in touch with other police stations, checking whether any missing complaint has been filed. Postmortem will reveal whether the boy drowned or was murdered before being dumped into the pond,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13087615", "title": "Mining truck kills motorist in Devrem", "text": "MARGAO: Dilip Varak, 22, from Devrem, Quepem, died after the motorcycle he was riding came under the wheels of a mining truck in an accident at Sulcornem, Quepem, on Wednesday.Varak was rushed to Hospicio hospital, Margao, but died on the way. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088422", "title": "Bouncers to secure hospital, posted at sensitive spots", "text": "NOIDA: Following recent incidents of vandalism in BR Ambedkar Multispecialty hospital and assault on doctors by angry relatives of patients, the administration has appointed 'bouncers' to guard its premises and staff.A team of 10 bouncers of a private security agency with \"good physique\" has already been appointed and they have been deployed across the hospital, particularly at sensitive spots like the entry gate, hospital emergency, labour room, burns ward and the operation theatres.\"There have been some incidents of vandalism at the hospital. Last month, relatives of a victim of a road rage accident had gone on a rampage and even beat up the doctor on duty. While there were some guards posted at the time, they were unable to avoid the situation. To prevent such incidents, we have appointed the bouncers to provide additional security,\" said an official.The bouncers have been directed to keep a tight vigil on each and every activity in the hospital. Besides this, the administration is taking all possible steps to ensure maximum security in and around the hospital premises. A new fleet of 73 \"uniformed security guards,\" who will be deployed across the hospital premises, has also been appointed and new metal detectors are being installed at all the entry gates.The doctors and other staff at the hospital, meanwhile, said that they were \"very happy\" with the new arrangements. \"The guards that were posted in the hospital earlier were not managing security very well and were not equipped to handle emergency situations. The situation was so bad that anybody could walk in to the hospital, stroll around and do whatever they wnted. Due to the daily rush of patients, one would not even notice this,\" said a doctor at the Ambedkar Hospital. \"We needed someone who looked strong and was capable of managing unruly elements and situations,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088950", "title": "Pilots\u2019 strike hits Kingfisher, Air India operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Domestic operations in Delhi took a major hit on Thursday with Kingfisher Airlines cancelling about 15 outbound flights after its pilots went on strike. Air India's international flights cancellations have already been creating confusion with its pilots on strike as well.On Thursday, the national carrier cancelled 11 flights, both incoming and outbound, and rescheduled three with no end in sight to the pilots' agitation.\"The situation has become absolutely absurd with pilots declaring a strike as and when they please. I was supposed to be in Jaipur on Thursday for a meeting but I am stuck in the capital now. In fact, Kingfisher cancelled both its flights to Jaipur,\" said Arvind Joshi, an executive in a telecom company.Shirley Jones , an Australian tourist realized it too late that she and her friends would have to spend the next few days in Delhi's searing heat after their flight was also cancelled. \"We had five days in Delhi so we bought tickets to Chandigarh from where we were to drive down to Shimla. However, Kingfisher cancelled its flight and other tickets are now too expensive,\" she said.Adding to the confusion was the fact that no information on further cancellations was forthcoming from the airline. Thursday's cancellations included flights to Chandigarh, Shimla, Jaipur and Dehradun .On the other hand, Air India stopped bookings on some of its international flights till May 13. \"In case the flights do not operate at all, we will accommodate the passengers in other flights. We are not taking any fresh bookings and plan to clear the backlog through these flights, on the presumption that they operate at all,\" said an official. Air India has been witnessing an average of 72% occupancy in its west-bound long-haul flights, which it why it has found it easy to combine flights. For the next few days, the occupancy has dropped to about 50-55% as bookings have been falling steadily.The AI-101 to New York , scheduled to depart at 1.45am on Thursday, was delayed at the last minute to Thursday afternoon when the crew for the flight did not show up.\"Usually we get to know about three hours in advance whether a flight will operate or not since that is when the pilots are to report for duty. In this case however, the crew backed out at the last minute. The standby crew would have completed its mandatory rest-hours only in the afternoon so the flight was delayed,\" said an Air India official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087629", "title": "Gujarat Bar Council election today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Bar Council of Gujarat will hold its statewide elections on Friday. This is touted to be one of the biggest elections in the state and an important one too. Hasmukh Parikh and Rashmin Jani have been appointed as the returning officers for the elections. In Ahmedabad there are roughly more than 14,000 lawyers who will participate in these elections. The elections will be held at the Gujarat club in Bhadra area. The council has arranged parking facility at Gurjari Bazaar for members who will be coming for voting on Friday morning.A detailed electoral role was printed in five printed volumes - each representing a zone in Gujarat and the information was circulated in CDs and books few days ago.The list of electoral rolls is being sold by the council at its counters for reference claims a press release.\"There will be a dedicated team that will help members to negotiate the elaborate arrangements at the voting venue. Civic authorities have been asked to provide public conveniences at the venue while traffic police personnel will present to divert traffic while the voting process is on,\" says a senior member of Gujarat Bar Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13082988", "title": "RR vs CSK: Chennai Super Kings beat Rajasthan Royals by 4 wickets", "text": "JAIPUR: Chennai Super Kings kept alive their chances of qualifying for the play-offs by eking out a four-wicket win over Rajasthan Royals in a crucial Indian Premier League match on Thursday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsAfter restricting Rajasthan to 126 for six, CSK rode on Albie Morkel and Srikkanth Anirudha's late bursts to romp home with 11 balls to spare.However, CSK's run chase were off to a bad start as they lost wickets at regular intervals to totter at 84 for six at one stage.Chasing a modest total, CSK were dealt an early blow when Shane Watson went through the defence of a struggling Murali Vijay in the first over.New man in Suresh Raina (23 off 17) played a cameo before he was brilliantly caught by Ajinkya Rahane off Pankaj Singh.Mahendra Singh Dhoni's decision to promote Dwayne Bravo up the order failed to yield the desired result after the West Indian was caught at deep square-leg by Stuart Binny off Siddharth Trivedi in the 12th over.To make matters worse for CSK, Michael Hussey fell victim of an unnecessary mix up with Dhoni in the next over.Needing 30 off the last three overs, Morkel and Anirudha scored identical six-ball 18 and stitched undefeated 43 runs for the seventh wicket to guide CSK to the vital win.Morkel and Anirudha tore apart the Australian duo of Watson and Shaun Tait to notch up the required runs in 18.1 overs.By virtue of this win, CSK moved up to the fourth position in the standings with 13 points from as many games, while Rajasthan have slipped to the sixth spot with 12 points from 13 games.Earlier, CSK produced a disciplined bowling performance to restrict Rajasthan to 126 for six.Sent into bat, Ben Hilfenhaus (2/8) produced a stunning opening spell to dent Rajasthan's prospects at the start.Hilfenhaus scalped two vital wickets of Rajasthan skipper Rahul Dravid and Watson early during his breathtaking opening spell of four overs which yielded just eight runs.Dravid was Hilfenhaus' first victim as he fell in the second over, top-edging one to Hussey at mid-off.Hilfenhaus then accounted for dangerman Watson cheaply three overs later to derail Rajasthan's innings which was marred by three brief rain interruptions at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium.Watson was brilliantly caught by a diving Ravichandran Ashwin at the third-man boundary as the batsman went for a huge heave over square-leg only to get a leading edge.In-form Rahane (17) too perished soon in search of quick runs, again caught by Ashwin off Yo Mahesh (2/21) as Rajasthan slipped to 43 for three in the ninth over.Binny, however, tried to force a comeback with a fierce counter-attack and thrashed Dwayne Bravo for two boundaries and a six to pick up 18 runs off his opening over.But Binny departed in the next over in search one too many, caught by Raina off Mahesh.Brad Hodge and Johan Botha then added 32 runs for the fifth wicket to give impetus to Rajasthan's innings before the two fell in quick succession.While Botha was cleaned up by Ravindra Jadeja, Hodge's 28-ball 33-run knock was cut short by Ashwin.Hodge top-scored for Rajasthan with 33 off 28 balls, while Binny played a vital 18-ball 27-run knock in the middle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13087630", "title": "Parrikar wants changes at new S Goa district headquarters building", "text": "MARGAO: Not very pleased with the \"extravagant\" manner in which the new South Goa district headquarters building is being constructed, chief minister Manohar Parrikar is learnt to have suggested to the revenue department to ensure that the space within the complex be put to optimum use. Sources in the South Goa collectorate said that Parrikar was of the view that all the revenue offices like the income tax, excise department, etc be shifted to the new collectorate building, as against the original plan to have the entire building complex house all the district administration offices itself.Parrikar, it is learnt, has also made known his displeasure over the \"huge\" court rooms provided for in the new building which can be doubled up as counting halls during elections.Parrikar's view is not shared by a certain section of administrative officials who maintain that the building is planned keeping in view the growing requirements of the next 25 years. \"As time passes, our requirements for space will keep growing. Take for instance, the current (old) collectorate building. Here too, there were several revenue offices which had to be later shifted to alternative places in the city to make room for administrative departments. The court rooms need to be airy and spacious, as these can be put to use as counting centres, etc, it should not be viewed as a waste of space,\" an official remarked, preferring anonymity.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, at a function held to celebrate Vanamohatsav at the site of the new collectorate building two years ago, had said that the new South Goa Collectorate building will answer all questions relating to space constraints and inadequate facilities and would take care of the requirements for the next 25 years.The construction work of the project undertaken by the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) was estimated to cost nearly 75 crore. While work on the project had commenced in December 2007, nearly 80% of the work is completed so far, GSIDC sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087625", "title": "Bahadurpura in the fast lane of development", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bahadurpura is all set to become the next residential and commercial hub of the Old City going by the spurt in real estate activity in the area and its surroundings. Connected to developing areas such as Shamshabad and Attapur via Kishan Bagh as well as with the core Old City localities, Bahadurpura is fast becoming the preferred destination for businessmen and residents alike.Unlike the cluttered core Old City, Bahadurpura has wider roads and relatively larger tracts of land and showroom space available. Of late, construction activity here has visibly gathered pace. While high-rise buildings are not allowed in most parts of the Old City as they are declared \"congested areas\" by the municipal administration and urban development department, Bahadurpura is one among a handful of areas in this part of the city that are exempt from such a restriction.Observers say that at least five big ventures, residential-cum-commercial properties, are being developed along NH 7, also known as Zoo Park Road. \"Buildings are coming up in 15,000 square feet and 35,000 square feet area and are being constructed for commercial and residential use. Also, it is a high-rise buildings approved area. So, the sky is the limit,\" notes a real estate expert. Complexes with modern amenities and ample parking spaces are being constructed, with prices on a par with developed areas from the other parts of city. NRIs too have started investing in real estate projects. Saurabh Shetty from Krissh Housing and Real Estate says, \"Buyers from affluent backgrounds and NRIs have started buying apartments in Bahadurpura. The ground floors are being constructed with the intention of giving them on lease to showrooms and other retail chains. The connectivity of this neighbourhood to the airport also contributes to the increase in commercial activity here.\"S A Qaisar, another real estate developer, notes that there has been increasing construction activity not only here, but also areas in Kishan Bagh inching towards Bahadurpura. \"The construction here is more organised than in other parts of the Old City. Prices of residential areas have reached Rs 2,800 per square feet,\" he informed.Interestingly, most conspicuous in this part of the city are the bike showrooms. In fact, there are five bike showrooms in a half a kilometer stretch near Bahadurpura crossroads. Figures from the Bahadurpura RTA indicate a strong two-wheeler market, recording 950 registrations per month, although unofficial estimates peg it at a strong 1,200.S M Raza Abidi from Prestige Hero at Bahadurpura crossroads says, \"I set up shop here in 2001 when the land prices were around Rs 8,000 per square yard; now the price has gone up to Rs 28,000 per square yard. My customers are from both the Old City and the newer parts of town. There is hardly any two-wheeler showroom in the Old City proper due to space constrains. That gives us an edge over others and we sell between four and five hundred bikes per month. The area, especially near the crossroads, is more developed than many other parts of the Old City.\"Dinesh Rathi, manager, Sri Ganesh Motors, authorised Yamaha dealer said, \"Youngsters from as far as Tolichowki and Mehdipatnam come here to buy bikes. The future of this area looks promising for business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088949", "title": "HC notice to 21 Magadh University principals", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday issued notices to 21 principals of Magadh University (MU) and the members of the selection committee who had selected them. The order was passed by a single bench of the court presided over by Justice Jayanandan Singh on a writ filed by Arun Kumar Sinha and others.In his petition, Sinha had challenged the appointment of these principals on the ground that that they were appointed in violation of the established norms. Sinha's advocate Sunil Kumar Singh said, \"Appointments of these 21 principals were made on March 2, 2012. This was challenged by the petitioner who termed the appointments as 'illegal'. The court was informed that the committee constituted for the appointment was not in consonance with the statute of the Bihar Universities Act, 1976.\"Singh said the court was also informed that no panel had been prepared for the appointments. The MU vice chancellor (VC) had filed a false affidavit in the Supreme Court on the basis of which the appointments were made, he said, adding that the VC had filed an affidavit stating therein that five members, including two experts, were in the panel for the appointments, whereas, in fact, the two experts never signed the selection committee list, thereby making the list legally questionable.The HC on Thursday also directed the state government and the MU authorities to state as to what happened to the inquiry conducted by the I C Kumar Committee into the matter. It may be recalled that an inquiry committee headed by Kumar, a retired IAS officer, had probed the alleged manipulation in the preparation of the panel for the said appointments.Incidentally, the varsity had earlier claimed that nothing was found amiss during the inquiry. However, this was found to be in contradiction to Kumar's statement, who earlier said that 'prima facie', doubtful cases had surfaced during the inquiry. The court on Thursday held that the appointments were subject to the outcome of the inquiry carried out by the committee. The committee is yet to submit its report.It may be mentioned here that a former member of the committee, Shiv Jatan Thakur, had charged MU officiating VC Arun Kumar with appointing 'inferior' candidates as MU principals. He had also written a letter to governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar alleging that the VC had not followed the legal protocol in the appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092892", "title": "Who\u2019s this Babumoshay?", "text": "Questions the GenNext after seeing Balki's new ad featuring Rajesh KhannaBalki's new ad featuring Rajesh Khanna has many smiling at the quirky punch line aimed at the Big B. And coming from Balki, whose hit films have the senior Bachchan, adds to the punch; making it an intelligent comment on reality in a light vein.While the social networking sites are full of comments saying Rajesh Khanna looks frail or Balki has not shot him in the right angle, we have many youngsters asking what's context of the punch line of the advertisement. \"Why does he say 'Babumoshay'?\" asks Vinay Joglekar, an IT professional. \"Doesn't make any sense.\" And Vinay is probably one of many under 30 who have not got the quirk of the ad. Nivedita Fernandes, TY Bcom student, feels that the ad is completely out of place. \"It's only after my parents explained to me that 'Babumoshay' was one of the popular lines from Rajesh Khanna's film Anand that I could get the twist. And then I could relate to it.\"\"Rajesh Khanna? Who's that? Oh...Akshay Kumar's father-in-law?\" was twenty year old call center worker Gauravi Savaikar's reaction.\"Problem is that hardly anyone from the youngsters have seen or heard of Anand, though it's a classic in itself,\" says Radhika Samant, 36 year old mother of two. \"Our generation at least knows of it and most have seen it. And the earlier generation swears by its dialogues. But the 'connect' is lost when it comes to GenNext.\" Savio D'Costa, 55, agrees. \"We were completely besotted by Anand,\" he admits. \"I was in Mumbai that time and the city had gone mad over Rajesh Khanna. Women sobbed loudly in the theaters. And if I remember correctly, some even fainted!\"It's difficult for the younger generation to understand this euphoria. \"The ad portrays the irony of a 'then' superstar well, but, loses out on the connect,\" says Ketan Mehta, renowned film director. \"Today's generation doesn't have time to remember what happened last year. They have an information overload; their media memory is weak. It's wrong to even expect that they will know who's Babumoshay\"Aryan Khedekar, actor from Konkani films, agrees. \"Life's too fast moving today. Even I feel old in comparison with these fast moving youngsters!\" says this 32 year old. \"I know Anand as a classic because I am part of the industry. I don't think many of my age also know of the film; forget younger than me. So, knowing the 'babumoshay' context is out of question. And to be honest, even I didn't get the satirical reference to Big B till you told me about it!On this backdrop, Ketan Mehta makes sense when he says, \"It's a calculation misfire. An intelligent concept that has misfired because I am sure that someone as intelligent as Balki will not a story board like that if he thought it wouldn't connect with the GenNext.\"Director's Take The target audience is the middle aged, who will go to buy fans and who are fans of Rajesh Khanna since their teens. The entire ad and its story board was written by me. We wanted to show fans and play on the word 'fans'. And who would understand 'fans' better than the first super star who has maximum fan following? So it had to be Rajesh Khanna. And he was so sporting. He said, \"Chal karte hain...let's show them the reality. I have seen it all. Let's do it.\"About the younger generation not understanding the ad or not relating to it, good for them! They should make the effort to find out the hidden meaning, its humour. At least, thanks to this ad they will find out about Rajesh Khanna and Anand!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091274", "title": "Socialist leader cremated with full state honour", "text": "VARANASI: The mortal remains of veteran socialist leader and freedom fighter Prabhu Narayan Singh were consigned to flames with full state honour at Manikarnika Ghat on Thursday.Following a prolonged illness, Singh passed away on Wednesday. He was 93 years old. The funeral procession began from his house in Kashpura locality. A large number of people, including leaders of most political parties attended the last rites and paid tributes to the departed soul.Singh showed active participation in the Quit India Movement of 1942. He took up the leadership of students of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and was appointed as the deputy speaker of BHU student's Parliament in 1947. He also served the state as law and health minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "13087511", "title": "National Park status for Jaldapara Sanctuary", "text": "JALPAIGURI: The Jaldapara Wildlife Sanctuary - home to a wide variety of wildlife, particularly the Great Indian One Horned Rhinos - has been given the status of a \"national park\" in a notification by the Union forest and environment ministry.\"We haven't received the notification yet. But we have come to learn about the development. We are expecting to get a copy of the notification shortly,\" said S B Mondol, principal chief conservator of forest, wildlife.The state wildlife advisory board had sent the proposal to the central wildlife advisory board for promoting Jaldapara into a national park in February. The Union forest and environment ministry approved the proposal after getting a green signal from the central board.The Jaldapara forest was given a \"wildlife sanctuary\" status in the British Era in 1941 when its area was 141 sq km. At present, Jaldapara is spread over in an area of 216.51 sq km and houses more than 160 rhinos, apart from numerous bison, deers, leopards and six Bengal tigers. Other animals found in Jaldapara include wild elephants, deers, swamp deers, hog deers andbisons. Some rare species like the hispid hare and the hog-badger are also found here.Jaldapara is exceptionally rich in avifauna because of varied terrain, mosaic of vegetation and rich insect life. More than 240 species of birds - including Orioles, Barbets, Woodpeckers, Parakeets, Hornbills, Drongos, Cuckoos, Babblers, Brahminy ducks, and whistling teals - are found in variety of habitat- Grassland, water bodies, woodland. A wide variety of vegetation makes it a botanist's paradise as well.Earlier, too, the state wildlife advisory board had sent the same proposal to the central board. But it was rejected on ground that there were too many forest villages in the buffer zone of the forest.\"Within the 216.51 sq km area, there is no forest village and that is going to be the actual size of the national park. Once we get the official correspondence, we will take up all conservative measures that is taken for a national park,\" said Rajendra Jakhar, DFO, Wild Life III, Cooch Behar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13090846", "title": "Sports hostel construction halted at Jeypore", "text": "KORAPUT: The district administration stopped the construction work of a sports hostel at Dasahara ground in Jeypore and put red flags around it on Sunday, following allegations by a group of sportspersons of the town that the Sub-Divisional Athletic Association (SDAA) has been carrying out the construction work illegally.\"After receiving complains that the construction work is being done illegally, we have asked the SDAA to stop the construction work with immediate effect till the issue is solved,\" said Jeypore sub-collector Birendra Korkora, who is also the ex-officio president of the SDAA.\"Very soon we will convene a meeting of SDAA officials and will try to sort out the problem. If we fail in our attempt then necessary lawful action will be taken,\" the sub-collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13090982", "title": "Enable the differently-abled", "text": "The government needs to be more pro-active and look into the various issues to allow differently-abled children better education, says Swapna MukherjeeAll may seem well in the education scenario with RTE (Right to Education) Act putting rest to scuffles but a major area that needs attention is the special education to come under the umbrella of an empathetic society and a conducive government. There are lacunae but the courage of the students and the support of teachers make special education a battle almost won. But certainly more needs to be done to cement the crevices that can later develop into cracks.Germane InfrastructureInclusive education demands great attention in the form of the infrastructure of the premises where buildings for edifying the children with special needs is built. Physical access to education is the most important aspect that requires to be barrier free. The first big problem that children with special needs face is when the school building requires them to go upstairs for attending classes. Many of them require assistance, thus classrooms for them need to be located on ground floor so as to help them move easily.Another problem with many schools is that the toilets don't have facilities for the differently-abled. The school building needs to be well equipped. There are students with wheel chairs and those who require special wash basins, handles etc. Naturally washrooms without these facilities can be cumbersome for students. Adding to these worries can be narrow doors. Doors need to be wide enough to accommodate differently-abled children moving in their wheel chairs. Clutches and handles are also required on the walls so as not to let these kids fall. Few are very sensitive to the environment around them and need to be guarded in a way so that they don't leave the school premises on their own.Candid CommunicationOnce the differently-abled children are inside the classroom, sometimes the behaviour of the teachers can be excruciating enough for the innocent minds when they are referred to as \"patients\"! Teachers need inputs from us on handling these children because sometimes unknowingly they do or say things which are misinterpreted. BEd in special education helps a lot.RTE should open wider perspectives for these children especially when it comes to their participating in debates/ workshops/ seminars, etc in public places. Government needs to be more supportive in forming rules.Leading by ExampleThere are some special students who are very intelligent but need writers and one-on-one interaction with the teacher. \"Barsha Bhattacharya is an example,\" says Swapna. Aditi Das, coordinator, National Resource Centre for Augmentative and Alternative Communication IICP, avers, \"It took time for Barsha, who has got cerebral palsy, to overcome her difficulties, given the fact that she's bound to wheel chairs and needs a writer, but she has shown remarkable progress. She uses special software called Sanjog and takes the help of switch to write and now has started using keyboard. What's more commendable is that she has learnt to use the Internet &amp; MS office.\" In spite of such advancements on the part of the differently-abled children there is room for improvement with a little bit of backing. Barsha's National Institute of Open Schooling teacher Gita Bose asks, \"The government is doing so much for reservation. What about these differently-abled children who study the same syllabus as the rest? Are there any jobs or special quota for them?\"(Swapna is principal, Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "13087394", "title": "Tour operators to move HC for emergency services tag", "text": "DARJEELING: Tour operators from North Bengal, Sikkim and the northeastern states have decided to move high courts of respective states to keep tourism out of the purview of strikes and will submit a plea to the chief ministers demanding emergency services tag for the sector.The decision was taken in a tourism convention held in Siliguri on May 8. under the banner of Bandh Free Tourism - Tourism for Peace and Harmony.\"The process for filing the appeal before the high courts has already been started.We will move the high courts at the respective state level for keeping tourism out of the purview of any bandhs,\" said Raj Basu, chairman of Eastern Himalayan Travel and Tour Operators. The association plans to involve tour operators from the Northeast where the problem of bandhs is manifold.\"We will file our petition by next week,\" Basu added.In North Bengal, tour operators had to bear the brunt of the four-year agitation by pro- and anti-separate statehood agitators. In fact, the region is also facing an agitation at present with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha and a faction of ABAVP protesting against the ban on public rallies and meetings.\"We lose at least Rs 12 to Rs 18 crore in a single day when a bandh is enforced. This does not auger well for the region as it depends on tourism industry. More than 3.5 lakh people of North Bengal and Sikkim get affected by bandhs,\" Basu said. The association will also organize a 'Great March' in North Bengal and northeast regions and the stakeholders will address a letter to the chief ministers of respective states and request them to declare tourism as an emergency service.During the convention, attended by 120 tour operators, an eight-point resolution was also adopted, including introduction of a transparent insurance policy and extending the repayment period of tourism purpose bank loans in case of strikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089237", "title": "NRHM scam: Court sends Verma in CBI remand", "text": "LUCKNOW: Special CBI judge JP Singh gave 48-hour remand of contractor RK Verma, who was till now accused of hiring shooters for deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan. Dr Sachan had wanted to eliminate CMO, family welfare Dr BP Singh. UP STF in June 2011 had arrested three persons -- RK Verma and two shooters Anand Tiwari and Vinod Sharma. However, on Thursday, CBI moved an application before the special judge naming RK Verma as accused in NRHM scam. According to CBI, Dr Sachan had allegedly made payment to RK Verma from NRHM fund without allotting any work to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092039", "title": "Tollywood to pay tribute to Mrinal Sen", "text": "Mrinal Sen will be completing 90 years on May 14 and Tollywood is all geared up to pay tribute to the filmmaker.Says actor Arindam Sil, one of the organizers for this event, \"We will be celebrating the stalwart's birthday and pay respect for his contribution to cinema. It will start with a face-to-face interaction between the director and Soumik Bandopadhyay.Plus, there will be an exhibition of rare photographs of posters and stills of his movies. Actors who have been part of his projects will also be present on the day. Younger directors and actors like Srijit Mukherji, Anik Dutta, Raj Chakrabarty and Parambrata Chatterjee will participate in the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086693", "title": "Police and revenue officials to inspect sand mining spots at night", "text": "KOCHI: In the wake of growing number of irregularities being reported in connection with sand mining, the district administration has taken measures to close down sand mining spots (kadav) from where anomalies are being reported. The district administration will also keep an eye on the 54 kadavs functioning with the Centre for Earth Science Studies (CESS) under 18 grama panchayats.Collector P I Shiek Pareeth has issued orders to the tahsildars concerned to take measures to ensure transparent distribution and mining of sand. He has already banned the functioning of the kadavs at Perumbavoor and Angamaly municipalities and the neighbouring panchayats. But sand stored at these spots will be allowed to be distributed after proper inspection by a geologist.The geologist should give a stock report based on a joint examination report by village officer, assistant geologist and assistant executive engineer from the Irrigation Department. He should testify that the sand is river sand and not sand mined from land.A team comprising top police officials in rural and city areas and revenue officials will inspect the kadavs and places from where sand is being mined during night.The same team will take action on complaints of illegal land filling.In Kodanad and Malayattoor areas, the help of the Forest Department will be sought to check illegal sand mining. Special inspections would be carried out on Sundays and holidays. Special teams comprising police and revenue officials have already started checking at the Taluk level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "13093929", "title": "Centre to support any Punjab govt project on safe drinking water", "text": "GURDASPUR: After visiting the border areas of Gurdaspur district along with MP Partap Singh Bajwa, minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh on Friday said that full assistance would be given to Punjab government if it comes out with any proposal to tackle the uranium contamination in underground water.Among others who accompanied Ramesh included Punjab Pardesh Congress Committee (PPCC) member Raman Behal, Ashwani Sekhri (MLA ) and Sukhjinder Singh Randhawa (MLA).While admitting that nothing much bad been done to improve the quality of drinking water Ramesh said that his ministry would focus on providing quality drinking water. He also said that an additional budgetary provision was made for the purpose. \"We will support any project submitted to the ministry by the Punjab government for providing safe drinking water,\" he said.In the recent past, the government had issued directions to install Reverse Osmosis (RO) water purifier system in the villages of Tarn Taran district where presence of radioactive material was found in the water samples.The RO purifying system is a preventive measure against the spread of toxic particles in water that can cause kidney diseases, cancer apart from deadly diseases.Water samples taken from Sarhali Khurd and Chambal villages of Naushehra Pannuan confirmed traces of uranium after they were tested at Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Mumbai.The rural development minister said that his ministry had recently directed the setting up of International Centre for Water Quality in Kolkata. This centre would primarily deal with problems relating to arsenic contamination.Known as Green Man, Ramesh said that he aimed at providing green cover to the rural India by way of afforestration, water conservation , restoration of water bodies under various schemes.Ramesh said he had asked Punjab chief minister to make the state 'open defecation free' in next three years time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088685", "title": "Odisha CM wants Jayalalithaa to head sub-panel on National Counter Terrorism Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Odisha chief minister and Biju Janata Dal leader Naveen Patnaik said on Thursday that he had suggested that chief minister J Jayalalithaa head the sub-committee, which will have all the chief ministers as members, to oversee the functioning of the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre, instead of just the Centre having sole control over it. Jayalalithaa will share dais with Patnaik in the city at a ceremony for laying the foundation stone for the Odisha Bhavan Foundation on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089332", "title": "More mob violence incidents averted in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Another lynching would have taken place in the city on Thursday, if a section of right-minded citizens would not have summoned the police on time.According to sources, a mob at the Pipla Phata locality started chasing a bunch of men, clad in women's attire. While one to them was pinned down, remaining half a dozen managed to flee the spot.Hudkeshwar police rushed to the spot where public had detained the man. He was already roughed up by some before police could bring him to the police station for quizzing. The man, who later identified himself as Manoj, had earned wrath of the public as he had some medicines with him. Police said that the medicines were of blood pressure related complexities. He was changing his versions frequently.In another separate incident, public damaged a car and was about to target its driver at Chhaprunagar chowk following a minor accident. Lakadganj police had to strive hard to bring the driver and car to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13090851", "title": "Residents to make a clean sweep", "text": "SBS Nagar: The D block residents in SBS Nagar could not wait any longer for Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) officials to clear the empty plots in the area, which have turned into garbage dumps, and engaged private labourers on the job as they want to organize a religious programme in the locality.They rued the LIT authorities collect development charges from them, but do not pay heed to their problems.The area residents have organized a 'Sunderkand Path' at a park they have been maintaining for a long time. They had asked the LIT officials to provide some sweepers to clean the area, but had to hire labourers personally when they did not respond. With this arrangement, the area besides the park would be cleaned, but the other areas in the locality would still have garbage scattered around.Area resident R K Sharma said, \"Despite SBS Nagar being one of the posh localities, the cleanliness here is in a pathetic state. This is a temporary arrangement we had to resort too, but in the long run, I think it would become difficult for us to live here.''Sub-divisional officer of the area Jaswinder Singh admitted the state of sanitation is poor in the area. He said, \"We had framed a policy for hiring sanitation employees, which the residents didn't agree to and the work got stuck. We are trying to find a solution to this problem.''There is no check on throwing of garbage on empty plots. LIT recovers development charges from us, so it should check it Veena Sachdeva | homemakerMost of the people in our locality are retired and want the area to be clean so that they can step out without getting hassled R S Gill | retired police officerHalf of the problems will be solved if slums are removed from SBS Nagar. Avtar Singh | businessman", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088403", "title": "Drive to cover manholes and drains starts", "text": "NOIDA: After the recent death of an ONGC official who fell to his death in a chamber of pipelines in Ghaziabad, Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran, has ordered the Authority to ensure prompt closure of open manholes and drains in the city. After his appointment, Saran has given the sanitation department a fortnight to ensure that the city turned 'spotlessly clean' while the health department has started a campaign to make Noida less susceptible to the outbreak of vector borne diseases.Saran ordered the water/sewer department to ensure that open drains and manholes are covered immediately. \"In the case of negligence, the responsible official will face strict action. It's also important for the residents to complaint to us on the newly-launched helpline and let us know about drains and manholes in their area so that the Authority can take swift action,\" he said.Noida Authority officials said that the sanitation-drive, which started earlier this week, will ensure that the problem is speedily dealt with. \"Large sections of the city are struggling due to poor sanitation and we will be looking to deal with these problems. Open drains will be covered while the sewerage system will also be repaired to prepare for the monsoons,\" said Vedpal, sanitation department, Noida Authority.Vedpal added that the sanitation drive will also deal with other problems like broken roads and footpaths, the repair work of which has already started. Earlier, the Authority had got the Housing Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) to conduct a survey detailing the poor state of infrastructure and sanitation facilities and the current requirements in industrial Sectors 1 to 11 alongside another survey conducted by the Authority's engineering department. \"We have already gone through the details of the two surveys and the repair work will seek to repair, re-tar and re-carpet the existing roads to increase their longetivity,\" said an official.In order to ensure that the onset of monsoons doesn't lead to outbreak of vector borne-diseases, such as dengue and malaria, the sanitation and health departments are also conducting regular testing of water bodies to identify areas that are conducive for breeding of mosquitoes. \"The health department is regularly collecting samples of water from different sources and testing the chlorine content in the water,\" said Dr Satyendra Kumar, district malaria officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13081037", "title": "New age films mediocre: Geethu Mohandas", "text": "Actor turned director Geethu Mohandas says she is disappointed with the current crop of 'new age' films which are said to signify a new dawn in the industry.\"Everyone is talking about the new wave in Malayalam cinema. But frankly speaking, I find all the so-called new age films rather mediocre. I don't feel entertained by them.\" To the extent that she fears there is something wrong with her, she says. \"When we go as a group to watch films, everyone else seems to enjoy them. I've started to wonder if the problem is with me.\"The new age filmmakers are to blame for the poor quality of the films, according to Geethu. \"I cannot find one true filmmaker today; the films seem carelessly made to me, full of gimmicks. Malayalam films of the 70s and 80s are what I call good cinema. Geethu just finished work on her second film, Liar's Dice. Does she feel that the Malayalam industry is opening up to a woman director? \"Well, the industry should make sensible films first to welcome a change,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13088116", "title": "Lack of water is Pokhran\u2019s bane, but India\u2019s boon", "text": "JAISALMER: Lack of water has always been a bane for any place. But for Khetolai in Pokhran, the moment of pride came due to its lack of groundwater water.It is the lack of groundwater for thousands of metres that this nondescript village in Jaisalmer was chosen 14 years ago on Buddha Purnima, May 11, 1998, for a series of nuclear tests, the Pokhran II. Since then Khetolai has become a pilgrimage for people from all over the world and for mediapersons.Existence of ground water holds dangers of contamination through radiation. Water is supplied to Khetolai through pipeline from Lathi village situated 30km away.According to senior groundwater scientist Dr Narayan Das Inkhia, Khetolai has volcanic rock formations and hence was selected by scientists for the Pokaran II series of explosions. These rocks were formed during volcanic eruptions thousands of years ago from molten lava and are non-porous. Therefore it neither absorbs water nor retains it.Inkhia said scientists prefer areas with such rocks for nuclear explosions so that after the blasts, the radiation does not pollute the underground water. According to him, there are many places like Khetolia in Pokhran area - Falsoond, Bhaniyana, Dantal, Ujala, Naniyai, That, Nachatala - where volcanic rocks prevail and that do not have any water. And even if water is found it is at great depths and is very saline.The scientist said from Bhaniyana to Pokaran for around 50 sq km area there is no sign of water even at the depths of 2000 metre. He said for first nuclear test on May 18, 1974, Loharki village of Jaisalmer district was chosen for the same reasons.Former president and missile man Dr APJ Abdul Kalam had stayed at the Khetolai field firing range donning an Army dress and under a pseudonym along with two scientists for over two months for giving shape to the series of nuclear tests in 1998.Khetolai village is just 2.5km away from Asia's biggest field firing range Pokaran. Whenever any outsider comes to this village even today, a resident takes great pride in describing about the nuclear tests that took place here. The Army guards the place here where the five underground explosions took place on May 11 and 13, 1998.No one can enter the test area without the permission of the Army. If one gets the permission, the nuclear testing area can be reached passing through a 3.5 km route from four gates having strict security systems. The site can be seen after approaching from Kohinoor gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087240", "title": "7 arrested in jewellery store burglary case", "text": "NASHIK: The city police on Thursday nabbed seven miscreants, including a woman, involved in the burglary of gold and diamond jewellery over Rs 1.79 crore at the Tanishq showroom, Mahatma Nagar, in the wee hours of Wednesday.DCP Sahebrao Patil of Zone 1 said the break-in was committed despite two armed security men deployed at the main entrance of the showroom. The accused, however, entered the store from its rear entrance with the help of Ashok Avhade, who works at the store and had complete knowledge of the same.While the safe they carried with them had jewellery worth Rs 14.65 lakh, the accused also took away 349 gold bangles, weighing about 5.177kgs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13092305", "title": "Inconsistent Mumbai Indians up against rampaging Kolkata Knight Riders", "text": "KOLKATA: Yet to seal their last-four berth, heavyweights Mumbai Indians would look to stop the Kolkata Knight Riders' six-match winning streak in what promises to be an exciting Indian Premier League contest on Saturday.Thanks to the scheduling, both the teams face each other for the first time this season despite the tournament already into its business-end.It has been a contrasting journey for both teams as the Kolkata Knight Riders find themselves comfortably placed at number two with eight wins from 12 outings and virtually assured of a place in the play-offs.They have lost just once in their last 10 appearances as consistency has been the middle-name of the Knight Riders, a team mired in controversies in its forgettable first three seasons.On the other hand, the Champions League Twenty20 winners and pre-tournament favourites Mumbai Indians are yet to find consistency and have been slightly lucky with seven wins out of 12.Mumbai Indians batting has looked ordinary with some domination in patches while their bowling -- superbly led by Sri Lankan sling bowler Lasith Malinga -- has been quite potent.The Knight Riders too have been outstanding with their slow bowlers but it's Gambhir's aggressive captaincy and the way he has led from the front that has brought results.With five half centuries -- that included three man-of-the-match performances -- Gambhir has not only led by example but has motivated the side.The way he handed over his MoM award to youngster Debabrata Das (11 from 4 balls) for playing the finisher's role in their spectacular five-wicket win in Chennai, speaks highly of the left-handed skipper.At a time, the team's star-studded batting line up of Brendon McCullum, Jacques Kallis, Yusuf Pathan and Manoj Tiwary was going through poor form, Gambhir showed faith in his teammates and backed his batsmen to the core.In their last outing, Gambhir once again set the tone with a 21-ball 36 but it was Brendon McCullum who anchored the 154-run chase with a 44-ball 56, his first half-century this season.The Knight Riders would be high on confidence after their win in Delhi and the much-needed four days' break in between would have recharged their batteries, with four matches remaining in the league stage.An interesting battle would be on the cards when West Indies tweaker Sunil Narine would look to spin a web around Sachin Tendulkar.It will be exciting to see Tendulkar unravel the mystery of Narine who has been constantly troubling the batsmen in the shortest format of the game.His contest against Knight Riders speedster Brett Lee would also give the sellout crowd a full worth of their money.Mumbai Indians' loss to Bangalore at their home turf in their last outing has meant that the battle for the last two spots has become more competitive as the Harbhajan Singh-led side would be keen on the upsetting the Knight Riders applecart.Solving the opening riddle would possibly rank high on the Mumbai think-tank's priority.The team has struggled to find a partner for Tendulkar at the top as James Franklin has not yielded much results.Barring Tendulkar and Rohit Sharma, no Mumbai batsman has displayed consistency. The team would look for the likes of Kieron Pollard to fire in the next few crucial matches.Teams (from):Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (c), Brendon McCullum (wk), Jacques Kallis, Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan, Debabrata Das, Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Rajat Bhatia, Sunil Narine, Brett Lee, Iqbal Abdulla, Chirag Jani, Iresh Saxena, Jaidev Unadkat, Manvinder Bisla, Pradeep Sangwan, Sanju Samson, Sarabjit Singh Ladda, Mohammad Shami Ahmed, Eoin Morgan, Marchant de Lange, Ryan ten Doeschate and Shakib Al Hasan.Mumbai Indians: Harbhajan Singh (Capt.), Sachin Tendulkar, Abu Nechim, Amitize Singh, Aiden Blizzard, James Franklin, Kieron Pollard, Y Chahal, Clint McKay, Herschelle Gibbs, Davy Jacobs, Richard Levi, Rahul Shukla, Dinesh Kartik, Dhawal Kulkarni, K Yadav, Lasith Malinga, Sushant Marathe, Pragyan Ojha, Munaf Patel, Robin Peterson, Sujit Nayak, Rohit Sharma, Suryakumar Yadav, Jaydev Shah, Rudra Pratap Singh, T Suman, Pawan Suyal, Aditya Tare, Apporva Wankhe.Match Starts 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089067", "title": "Government to assess anti-graft measures to fulfil UN body norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of its mandatory obligation under the United Nations Convention against Corruption (UNCAC), the government has invited expression of interest (EoI) from registered Indian law institutionsfirms, academic or research organizations to undertake the self-evaluation study.Selected agency will be required to complete its works - assessment of compliance of domestic lawsmeasures vis-a-vis requirements under UNCAC provisions - within 36 weeks. India had ratified the global convention to check corruption on May 9, 2011.As per the EoI, invited by the department of personnel and training (DoPT), the independent agency will also be mandated to find gaps and interact with ministries of home affairs, external affairs, law &amp; justice, corporate affairs; Central Vigilance Commission and CBI to gather inputs or clarifications while fulfilling norms laid down under the UNCAC.However, two major areas - bribery of foreign public officials and bribery in private sector - will not be part of the report.The UNCAC is an international legal instrument to deal with corruption, which imposes obligations on member states to provide legal and administrative measures for facilitating recovery of assets in trans-border corruption and promoting international co-operation in combating trans-border graft through measures like mutual legal assistance, extraditions and joint investigations among others.India is among the 160 nations that have either ratified or acceded to UNCAC provisions.The DoPT, during the course of the due diligence exercise of ratification of the UNCAC, has carried out in-house inter-ministerial consultations for a broad assessment of the state of compliance of the provisions of the global initiative.\"The process of corrective course of action is currently on ... The relevant documents in this respect will be shared at a later stage of the tender process after evaluation of EoIs with the shortlisted agencies,\" said the EoI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13088166", "title": "Bhanwari Devi murder case: Verdict on bail plea of accused on May 15", "text": "JODHPUR: Arguments over bail applications of the accused in the case of abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi was completed on Thursday by the court of ACJM (SC/ST Cases), which reserved the decision to be pronounced on May 15.So far, four accused have applied for bail in this case, of which the application of Shahabuddin has already been rejected and the decision on bail applications of Paras Ram, Reshma Ram and Dinesh is yet to come.The defence has argued that all the three have no significant role in the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi and all of them have just been targeted for being the family members or close friends of the main accused. But the prosecution contradicted the arguments citing the charge-sheet against all the three.Special Public Prosecutor of CBI, Ashok Joshi argued that the roles of Paras Ram, Reshma Ram and Dinesh Bishnoi are clearly mentioned in the charge-sheet, which said that all the three were not only well aware of the entire conspiracy but were part of the execution of the plan also.\"Reshma Ram was present in the meetings of planning with Indra Bishnoi, whereas Dinesh took the delivery of money from Mahipal Maderna and signed on the agreement for the sale of Bhanwari Devi's car,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093130", "title": "Raghu and Mayuri have big plans to impress the Queen of England", "text": "Musician Raghu Dixit and contemporary dancer Mayuri Upadhya from Bangalore reveal plans for their performance in LondonContemporary dance company from Bangalore Nritarutya and musician Raghu Dixit who have been invited to perform at the special pageant to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Her Majesty The Queen of England at Windsor Castle in England on May 13 are off to London.The artists have been working hard to curate a spectacular music and dance performance representing India at the Diamond Jubilee Pageant. The performance will feature Raghu singing his popular track 'Mysore Se Ayi' from his debut album backed by a 70-piece orchestra along with twelve dancers from Nritarutya and over 550 of The Queen's horses.Mayuri Upadhya from Nritarutya has choreographed the dance sequences for the performance. The musicality and motif of the song have dictated the choreography and it is naughty, light, energetic and vibrant in spirit. Raghu remains at the centre of the piece throughout with the dance choreography woven around the musician. Says choreographer Mayuri, \"In terms of dance vocabulary it is spatially dynamic, very circular with Indian rhythms, classical articulations on folk movements and emotive in expression.\"Mayuri has also conceptualized special puppets to complement the dancers and add vibrancy to the overall act. India has long used puppets in order to tell a tale, and the puppets help bring out the flirtatiousness of the Mysore girl and her beguiling beauty. The puppets are inspired from both Rajasthan and Karnataka's Channapatna Gombe puppets and they are dressed in the traditional clothing of Raghu's hometown Mysore. \"The costumes for the puppets were actually inspired by colourful lungis Raghu wears on stage while performing. As the dancers perform, the puppets come alive and help tell the narrative of the girl from Mysore,\" she explains.We also hear that designer James Ferreira has created the costumes for the performance. The costumes are inspired by both the north and south of India. They're a combination of a beautiful chholis for the girls with Kutch embroidery and dhoti-inspired pants. The costumes are in red and orange which are bright and also very Indian. Says Mayuri, \"The song itself has both a Rajasthani and a South Indian element so the costumes were designed to complement the song and the styling also incorporates that blend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13089572", "title": "Why boasting online feels as satisfying as sex", "text": "LONDON: Bragging about yourself on Facebook really does make you feel better, tests have revealed. A study found that it triggered the same sensation of pleasure as food, money or even sex.Participants in the research were so keen to brag about their achievements that they would rather give up money than their chance to carry on doing so, the Daily Mail reported.According to Harvard University neuroscientists, the findings applied to boasting not only in person but also on online social networks such as Facebook.The US team used an MRI scanner to monitor brain activity in subjects who were asked to talk first about their own beliefs and thoughts, then those of others.The results showed that whenever participants talked about themselves there was increased activity in the mesolimbic dopamine system, the area of the brain linked to the feeling of reward in sex, winning money or enjoying a good meal.In a separate test the Harvard team offered the test subjects small amounts of money if they answered questions about somebody other than themselves, such as US President Barack Obama. But they regularly opted to relinquish between 17% and 25% of their potential earnings just to gush about their own lives.\"Self-disclosure is extra rewarding,\" Harvard neuroscientist Diana Tamir, who conducted the experiments with her colleague Jason Mitchell, said. \"This helps to explain why people obsessively engage in this behaviour. It's because it provides them with subjective value,\" Tamir said. (ANI)Addiction to porn starts at early agePeople start watching porn very young, as a study by Indian-origin psychologists has found that the starting age of people viewing pornography on internet was between 11 to 13 years. Indian-origin psychologists Raj Sitharthan and his wife Gomathi Sitharthan surveyed 800 people about their pornography use and found that more than 80% of those who watched porn on internet were male. (PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089517", "title": "Rajya Sabha passes bill to protect children against sexual abuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ignoring concerns expressed by child rights activists on the age of consent being increased from 16 to 18 years, the Rajya Sabha on Thursday passed the Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Bill. The bill provides for special courts and stringent punishment including life imprisonment for sexual assault against a minor but it also seeks to criminalize teenage sex, making any intercourse below 18 years of age an offence.Activists have opposed the bill saying it was retrograde and would allow enforcement authorities to harass young couples.The House passed the bill through voice vote after a brief discussion with members expressing concern over the increasing number of child abuse cases.Piloting the bill, women and child development minister Krishna Tirath said the legislation was necessitated due to the fact that incidents of child abuse had increased immensely, particularly in the NCR region. The minister said according to a study conducted by her ministry in 13 states, 33% of children said they had been sexually exploited.The minister said the bill had a provision for state governments to set a court of session to be a special court to try offences under the Act.The bill also has a provision for stringent punishment for perpetrators of crime against children. \"Whoever commits penetrative sexual assault on children shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which shall not be less than seven years but which may extend to imprisonment for life and shall also be liable to fine.\"Initiating discussion on the bill, Smriti Irani (BJP) said the matter was \"sensitive\" and welcomed the government's efforts to check the menace of sexual abuse of children, many a time perpetrated by relatives of the victims. She emphasized on adequate funds for relief and rehabilitation of victim child.T N Seema (CPM) also supported the bill, saying existing legislations had failed to control crimes against children. Ramkripal Yadav (RJD), Bimla Kashyap (BJP) and D Raja (CPI) also spoke on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13087058", "title": "Construction of Ponnani port to be delayed", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The proposed cargo port in Ponnani is likely to be delayed by another six months.Construction can start only after the ministry of environment conducts an environmental impact study during the monsoon.The project has already received administrative and technical sanctions from the government.Ponnani port officer A V Kuriakose said the ministry had already informed the port office about the environmental impact study.The government signed an agreement last September with Malabar Ports Private Ltd (MPPL) for the construction of the initial phase of the port at an estimated cost of Rs 763 crore. The total project cost is more than Rs 2,000 crore.According to the agreement, Malabar Ports will pay royalty of 2.75% to the state during the first 15 years and 4.5% in the next 15 years. It authorizes the MPPL to develop and operate the port for 30 years. The deal was signed in the presence of the then port minister K Babu.The proposed all-weather port is expected to speed up the all-round development of Malappuram, Palakkad and Thrissur, and also prop up the Coimbatore-Palakkad industrial belt.The port will have both rail and road connectivity between Thirunnavaya and Ponnani for the movement of cargo to hinterlands.The proposed port will be the first in Kerala to be constructed through Pubic Private Partnership (PPP) as well as the first to complete its tender processes according to the Swiss Challenge method. It will also be first port in India to be developed by reclaiming land from the sea.Malappuram: The work of the Cargo Port Project, Ponnani likely to be delayed further six months, as the ministry of environment going to conduct a detailed study also on the environmental impact of the proposed project during monsoon.Earlier it was expected that the ministry will grant sanction for the project by May first week and the work of the port can be commenced by May end. However a recent communication from the ministry informed the Port Office that the study team will conduct a detailed study also during monsoon months, and the final decision regarding the approval, would be taken after that.The Port officer, Ponnani, A V Kuriakkose told TOI that the ministry has already informed the port office that the study would be extended to monsoon season as the environmental impacts of the project during monsoon also to be studied. 'The construction works can be started only after monsoon months', he said.The State government, signed an agreement with Malabar Ports Private Ltd. (MPPL) for construction of the port at an estimated outlay of Rs.763 crore, for the initial phase, in last September. Acording to the pact the Malabar Ports will pay royalty of 2.75% to the state during the first 15 years and 4.5% in the next 15 years. The total estimated cost of port project is more than 2000 crore. The agreement, which authorises the MPPL to develop and operate the port for 30 years on the basis of some specific conditions, was signed in the presence of the then Ports Minister K. Babu, who hoped to secure environment clearance for the port at the earliest. The project has already received the administrative sanction and technical sanction form the government. But the sancton of the project by Environment ministry being delayed due to various reasons.The port is proposed to be developed as an all-weather port and it is expected that when fully operational, it is expected to speed up all-round development in the Malabar region and act as a big stimulus to the proposed Coimbatore-Palakkad industrial belt. The port will have both rail and road connectivity between Thirunnavaya and Ponnani, for the easy movement of cargo to hinterland destinations. The Port is first in Kerala to be taken up the development works through Pubic Private Partnership(PPP).It is considered as the port would be the first port in India to be developed by reclaiming land from the sea, and the first port to complete its tender processes according to the Swiss Challenge method.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088406", "title": "Undertrial hurls slipper at magistrate", "text": "MUMBAI: Losing his cool over repeated postponements of hearings, an undertrial hurled a flip-flop at a magistrate in the Andheri court on Wednesday. The man, Sunil Babu Nanavre (30), charged with theft, has been in judicial custody for nine months. After the flip-flop incident, he also got booked for assaulting a public servant.The police said Nanavre, along with another accused, was brought to the court from Arthur Road jail. Around 3 pm, when his case came up for hearing, the magistrate, K R Joglekar, asked him about the whereabouts of his advocate. When he said he did not have an advocate, the court postponed the hearing and instructed him to bring along a lawyer on the next date. Peeved, Nanavre removed a slipper and hurled it at the magistrate, missing him.When court staff and a police constable tried to restrain him, he abused them. The constable later filed a complaint at the Andheri police station.An eyewitness said Nanavre's behaviour was violent and abusive. \"He kept saying he was languishing in jail for months, but there was no progress in his case.\"The police said 11 cases were registered against Nanavre in various police stations in 2008 and 2011, most pertaining to theft and robbery. They said that on July 30, 2011, he was caught by passers-by while trying to flee after snatching a chain from a 50-year-old woman on the Western Express Highway. He was handed over to the Vile Parle police, who discovered he waswanted in at least six cases registered with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088738", "title": "UP demands 100 ambulances to carry road accident victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh, which ranks third among the states as far as road fatalities are concerned, has demanded 100 ambulances for quicker transfer of accident victims to nearby hospitals. Sources in the road transport and highways ministry said that UP CM Akhilesh Singh Yadav had put forth this demand when he met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here recently.\"We are looking into the demand. The state government has claimed that they need more ambulances, and around 50 cranes for road safety across the state,\" said a senior ministry official. In 2010, at least 15,175 people had died in road accidents in UP, and the state accounted for 11.3% of total fatalities across the country.Kanpur, Lucknow and Varanasi have an unenviable record for their killer roads.So far, both the ministry and National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) have provided about 750 ambulances to all state governments for rescue and fast shifting of accident victims. But, officials said that they have no clue of how these ambulances were being used by state governments.It has asked all state governments to furnish details of these ambulances and the number of accident victims shifted to hospitals using these vehicles. \"It's one way of carrying out an audit of the resources we provided to the states. Once we get the feedback, it will help us take better decision about deployment and allocation of ambulances to states,\" said a ministry official.There have been allegations galore about under-utilization of these ambulances, or the vehicles being used for purposes other than ferrying accident victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087698", "title": "Campal promenade to offer fruity delights", "text": "PANAJI: The seventh 'Konkan Fruit Festival' will turn the stretch from the Kala Academy to the Bhagwan Mahaveer Park at Campal into a fruity delight over the weekend. The annual festival brings nature's summer novelties from the Konkan belt to Panjimites every year.The festival will commence on May 11 at 2pm and will conclude on May 13 at 8pm. The festival is organized by the Botanical Society of Goa in collaboration with the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) and will comprise 32 stalls this year.\"The event is held to bring the people, government and scientists together so they can see local fruits and products. It is not only for people of Goa but from the entire Konkan province,\" said Miguel Braganza, festival organizer.The Konkan Fruit Festival aims at bringing not just people from the entire Konkan belt together but brings rare and unique fruit products from the province to the fore. The festival promotes horticulturists who have an array of summer rarities to display, which are not available in the open market, for the delight of connoisseurs.Different competitions will also be held during the three-day festival at the promenade off the D B Marg. The three main competitions will showcase the different summer fruits grown in Goa; different kinds of processed fruit products such as jams, jellies, marmalades, pickles, etc; and different varieties of mangoes, jackfruits, kokam and other summer fruits.Several on-the-spot competitions like fruit-eating competition and fruit fancy dress will also be held. A photography competition will be an added attraction at the festival this year.The cash prizes to be won at the competitions are 1,000 for first place, 600 for those who finish second and 400 for third prize winners. No fee will be charged for entry to the festival or to participate in the competitions. The organizers said that the prices of the fruits on sale at the festival will be lower than those in the open market as it is the farmers who will be directly interacting with the buyers and there will be no retailers involved. The festival's formal inauguration will be done by Panaji mayor Vaidehi Naik at 10.30am on May 11. The festival will remain open to the public till 8pm throughout its jurisdiction. Dr B S Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeet, Dapoli-Maharashtra; ICAR-Goa; directorate of agriculture; and other government agencies, NGOs, companies and individuals have joined hands for the festival's organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089159", "title": "Now, Uttar Pradesh gets Rs 600 crore canal scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh is in the midst of yet another scam: the canal scam, which took place during the previous Mayawati regime. Some irrigation department officials have allegedly swindled around Rs 600 crore in the name of building canals from Bansagar dam to Allahabad and Mirzapur. Between 2007 and 2011, around Rs 1,290 crore were shown spent on construction whereas only half the work was done.\"We've initiated an inquiry by the economic offence wing (EOW),'' irrigation minister Shivpal Singh Yadav told reporters on Thursday. The revelation came after Yadav toured Allahabad and Mirzapur and found \"gross irregularities\" in use of funds under the Bansagar canal project. Shivpal said that the role of former irrigation minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui is being scrutinized and five senior officials including a chief engineer and an executive engineer are being probed.The Bansagar canal project was conceptualized in 1973 under an agreement between the state governments of Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The MoU was signed the same year. The scheme came into operation in 1998.The project aimed to irrigate around one lakh hectares in Allahabad and 70,000ha in Mirzapur.Yadav alleged it was during Mayawati's regime that things turned for the worse.\"The project was partially only on paper. As a result farmers did not get even a drop of water,'' he charged. Likewise, the Sharda and Saryu canal projects too are being scrutinised. Around Rs 2,600 crore were spent on two projects by the previous state government.Yadav said irrigation projects in UP are in a shambles.According to irrigation department officials, some 7,000 tube wells in the state are dysfunctional, which has affected agriculture badly.Meanwhile, the department has decided to make cleaning of canals a labour intensive project.The work will be part of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS). UP chief secretary, Jawed Usmani told this to all divisional commissioners, saying that until now cleaning of canals was contracted. Now desiltation will be done under MNREGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "malacca (malaysia)", "code": "13092003", "title": "Nobbs sees positives in the current set of juniors", "text": "MALACCA (Malaysia): India might have been knocked out of the Junior Asia Cup but the senior side's Australian coach Michael Nobbs is not overtly dismayed as he feels the youngsters showed enough potential for long-term interests such as the Junior World Cup next year.Indian failed to defeat hosts Malaysia in the semifinals of the Junior Asia Cup on Thursday.Nobbs said India's prime target is next Junior World Cup and therefore long term interests are more important.\"If winning this tournament is our priority we could have easily packed our team with some of our sparkling talents with us like Kothajit Singh, Chengalsana, SK Kuttappa and Manpreet Singh, who all played in the recent London Olympic Test event,\" he said.\"They will in any case be there in the junior team after the Olympics. However, Malaysian's target was to qualify for the Junior World Cup, so they targeted peak performance here,\" he reasoned.\"We did not have that pressure as we qualified for the 2013 Junior World Cup as hosts. That's why Malaysia had as many as six players in the present team who will be over age by the time 2013 event is held. Contrarily, all our boys here in Malacca will have age on their side for the same tournament,\" he added.Nevertheless, Nobbs said the young players have a lot of work to do as far as fitness and tactics were concerned.\"The juniors here have to improve their fitness, tactical play and set-piece drills. They are with us in the camps, and will have continued training in the future where all these aspects will be taken due care of,\" the Australian said.Nobbs feels Indian coaches have to go a long way in seamlessly training the boys on the style and pattern which is in sync with the seniors.\"Yesterday we gifted away our game to the Malaysians. We should have gone for full press, at least in the second half,\" he evaluated.\"We at the senior level advocate Asian style of attacking hockey and it should be the key for the junior programs too. This will happen with the players getting enough practice, fitness.\"This lot of players are hugely talented and skillful. We will persist with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13089411", "title": "7 tigers spotted at Nagzira, none at Navegaon during census", "text": "Bhandara: There is mixed news for wildlife lovers, as a number of tigers were sighted in Nagzira tiger sanctuary while not a single tiger was seen at Navegaon Bandh national park during the recent machan census. Forest officials assured though that there are tigers in the national park, but they might not have visited waterholes during the census.Assistant conservator of forest (Nagzira) Ramesh Saraf said that during the water hole census in Nagzira tiger sanctuary on May 6, volunteers and staff sighted 7 tigers, 7 leopards, 196 wild dogs, 45 sloth bear, 712 sambar, 476 bison, 1,177 chital.The waterhole census begun on May 6 and concluded 24 hours later, with 84 wild life lovers and NGO representatives, including 15 ladies, participated in the census. These people came from as far away as Amravati, Akola, Akot, Pune, Nagpur and Bhandara.Census was also conducted in Navegaon Bandh national park on the same day, said ACF Govind Yede. Here, people sighted 6 leopards, 85 sloth bear, 311 bison, 36 sambar, 30 chital, 151 wild boar, 272 blue bull, 46 wild dogs, 19 wolf, 2 hyena, 56 barking deer, 16 mongoose, 129 peacocks, 1,365 rhesus macaque, 565 langoor, 7 porcupine, 5 civet cat and 9 wildcats.Chintu Rajput and Munna Nagori, activists of Wild Watch, said the high tiger density in Nagzira tiger sanctuary's 355 sq km area is proven by sighting of 7 tigers.As for Navegaon Bandh national park, though no tiger was counted during census, officials said the forest stretches up to Deori, and the resident tigers might have gone into the adjacent forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092396", "title": "Aamir Khan to connect through radio", "text": "After being widely appreciated for his TV show 'Satyamev Jayate', Aamir Khan will now connect with millions of radio listeners in a programme called 'Dil Pe Lagi Aur Baat Bani'.From May 12, the show anchored by the actor will be broadcast every Saturday at 11 am on primary channels of All India Radio covering Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Bihar , Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan and West Bengal. It will be also available on all Vividh Bharati stations of AIR on Saturdays at 3.30 pm, a Prasar Bharati release said.'Dil Pe Lagi Aur Baat Bani' aims at stringing together real-life incidents touching a common chord across people of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091998", "title": "Bhandarkar, Bachchan on talking terms again", "text": "We know that Aishwarya Rai had to quit Madhur Bhandarkar's film Heroine midway, courtesy her pregnancy.We also know that in the wake of this incident, Bhandarkar expressed his displeasure and disappointment over having been kept in the dark about Ash's condition. Reportedly, this wasn't taken too kindly by pa-in-law Amitabh Bachchan , who spoke out in his daughter-in-law's defence saying every actor has a right to get married and have children.Ever since, the relationship between Madhur and Big B has been anything but cordial with the two keeping a safe distance from one another. However, all's well that ends well and Mirror can now reveal the two have mended fences.The patch up happened last weekend at a suburban five-star. An eyewitness told, \"The cold war is a thing of the past. Bhandarkar actually walked up to Bachchan while he was shooting for a commercial at the hotel. Bachchan looked at him, smiled and met him very warmly. After that, the two were seen chatting quite animatedly. Both appeared very gracious toward each other. \"The witness further said, \"It was difficult to overhear what the two of them were saying but it was clear that they had put the past behind them. While onlookers were surprised, it was quite a heartwarming sight.\" Both Bachchan and Bhandarkar remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13089547", "title": "Panchkula is UT\u2019s cooler cousin", "text": "PANCHKULA: If you want a little respite from scorching heat, just move towards Panchkula as, according to met department, Panchkula is cooler than Chandigarh.\"We have automatic weather station at Panchkula that gets daily updates and it has been observed that there is a difference between the weather of Panchkula and Chandigarh. The UT is warmer than Panchkula. There is a temperature difference of about 2-3 degrees,\" said met director Surinder Paul. He added, \"Also, rainfall in Panchkula is 5-10% more than that in Chandigarh. The reason can be attributed to Panchkula being closer to Shivalik hills.\"\"Though people think that weather remains the same in both cities, when travelling at night from Chandigarh to Panchkula or vice versa, one can feel the difference,\" said another officer of the met department.Minimum temperature on May 8, 2012, in Chandigarh was 25.6\u00b0C and that of Panchkula was 22.9\u00b0C. Similarly, maximum temperature on May 9 was 39.7\u00b0C in Chandigarh but it was 37.4\u00b0C in Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088707", "title": "Maharashtra seeks Aamir help to correct skewed sex ratio", "text": "MUMBAI: Encouraged by actor Aamir Khan's proactive role in curbing female infanticide, the government has urged the actor to support the department in dealing with issue of skewed sex ratio in the state. Public health minister Suresh Shetty on Thursday wrote to Khan 'congratulating' him for taking up the issue in his TV show Satyamev Jayate.\"The episode has touched the cords of many. Such programmes will help change the society's mentality. We have thought the episode can also help create awareness that a girl child is also precious,\" Shetty said.In his letter, Shetty has listed out various steps that his department has taken to clamp down on female infanticide, including shutting down standalone sonography test centres and a drive against doctors conducting sex determination tests.According to government reports, the state's child sex ratio in 2011 was 883 girls to 1,000 boys as against 913 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001.The national average stands at 914 this year.Asenior health department official said the matter of concern is the falling sex ratio in urban areas. According to the department's statistics, Mumbai's child sex ratio fell from 922 girls for every 1,000 boys in 2001 to 874 girls for 1,000 boys in 2011. The suburbs' sex ratio slipped from 923 girls for 1,000 boys in 2001 to 910 girls for 1,000 boys in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13092209", "title": "Zilla panchayat utilizes major part of funds released for road works", "text": "MANGALORE: A sum of Rs 50.65 crore, out of the Rs 52.76 crore released for various road works undertaken by rural development and panchayat raj departments in Dakshina Kannada district has been, spent during 2011-12.While the entire allocation of Rs 22.31 crore under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana has been spent, Rs 18.83 crore of the total Rs 19.35 crore released under Namma Grama Namma Raste scheme has been utilized so far.According to the Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat, out of the Rs 2.01 crore released under CM's Rural Road Development scheme in 2010-11, the entire amount has been utilized. Under this scheme, the engineering section of the panchayat utilized Rs 2.46 crore, of the Rs 2.50 crore released for the purpose in 2011-12.The section also utilized the Rs 3.15 crore released to fill up potholes on rural roads completely.Of the Rs 10 crore grants sanctioned under CM's Rural Road Development scheme in 2012-13, the zilla panchayat has received Rs 3.33 crore so far. Of which Rs 1.78 crore has been spent till date. The engineering section has fully utilized the Rs 10.64 lakh grants released for asphalting of rural roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087720", "title": "Island country minister pays tribute to Bapu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Singapore foreign affairs and law minister K Shanmugam visited the Sabarmati Ashram on Thursday. The minister visited the residence of the Mahatma - Hriday Kunj and paid his respects. Shanmugam was narrated the history of Gandhiji's stay at the ashram and his struggle against the British.When asked why he chose to visit the ashram, Shanmugam said, \"I have been reading for quite sometime on Mahatma Gandhi and his life. For me, the Mahatma is an epitome of humility, simplicity and duty. I feel honored to be at the Ashram today, as this is the place where he started his freedom struggle for the country.\"When asked about his visit to the state, he said, \"Gujarat was part of my three-day country tour. I have visited Assam and few other places. Our country has been exploring business opportunities here.\"\"Some weeks ago, a team of Singapore-based businessmen were in Gandhinagar to hold detailed discussions. I cannot comment on behalf of the business delegations that have visited Gujarat, as it is up to them to whether they want to invest here.\" The delegation was keen in developing new sectors of partnership between Gujarat and Singapore. Shanmugam showed interest in Gujarat government's projects like GIFT, Dholera SIR and other investment regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088954", "title": "CPI(ML) bandh evokes mixed response in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The day-long Bihar bandh call given by the CPI(ML) on Thursday evoked mixed response in different parts of the state. The bandh was called in support of the demand for action against the Aurangabad DM and SP for a recent lathicharge on demonstrators and a CBI probe into the murder of mukhiya Chhotu Singh Kushwaha. The bandh was peaceful in the state, by and large, except for the incident of breaking of windowpanes in Gopalganj civil court by the ML supporters.Gopalganj SP Nitasha Gudia said an FIR against 50 ML activists had been lodged with the Town police station in this connection.Meanwhile, Gopalganj District Bar Association general secretary Rajesh Kumar Pathak said about 100 ML activists entered the civil court premises demanding closure of the court to mark the bandh. He said that all the courts were functioning at that time. Pathak said that the ML activists broke the windowpanes of court rooms of ADJ-1, ADJ-2, ADJ-3, ADJ-4, ACJM and additional munsif-2. He said the court's registrar has lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned. Senior administrative officials and Gudia also reached the court premises after the incident.While the bandh call had good response in Jehanabad, Arwal, Aurangabad and Bhojpur districts, it had virtually no impact in the state capital where hundreds of party workers, led by ML general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya , were arrested by the police when they were trying to disrupt traffic at Dak Bungalow roundabout. The workers were detained for over an hour at the Kotwali police station.Shops, business establishments, schools, banks and all government offices remained opened in the state capital and reported normal functioning on the day.According to reports reaching here from different districts, the ML workers mainly targeted the railways to register their protest. The party workers, holding banners and placards in their hands, squatted on the railway tracks and disrupted movement of some express/mail trains at different railway stations. While the Purva Express was stopped at Ara railway station, Sampark Kranti was stopped at Darbhanga, Shramjivi Express at Biharsharif and Vaishali Express at Samastipur railway station.However, East Central Railway (ECR) public relations officer Neeraj Ambastha claimed that the bandh did not have any impact on railway services and the trains were running as usual.The bandh supporters also disrupted vehicular traffic at different places by blocking national and state highways. They blocked the GT Road at Barachatti, Ara-Mohania NH-30 at Isarhi village, Barhi-Biharsharif NH-31 at Nawada and NH-98 at Arwal, Kaler and Obera for a few hours, according to a press release from ML.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089357", "title": "Bahurupiyas had no criminal records, says CP", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has give a clean chit to the three Bahurupiyas who were lynched on Wednesday at Abha Colony in Kalamna by an irate mob on the suspicion of being thieves, molesters and rapists. While praising the Kalamna cops for their quick reaction, the top cop said the victims were innocents who got killed due to frivolous canards that were doing the rounds in the area.\"There are no cases against them in any police station in the city,\" Dhanvijay told TOI.The police have arrested around 25 people so far charging them with murder, attempt to murder and rioting. They have also now registered another offence for attacking police and damaging police vans. The arrested people were remanded to custody for a day by the court where they were produced on Thursday.Three Bahurupiyas were dragged out of a police van and lynched by an angry mob. While two were killed with the cops as witnesses, one was lynched around a half-a-kilometre away after being pinned down by the mob near a school. The fourth escaped as a constable held on to the doors of the police van and kept the mob at bay.While Punjabrao Solanki survived, Hasaan Solanki, Supra Nagnath and Punjabrao Shinde were the unlucky ones to fall prey to the vicious mob.Dhanvijay had asked additional CP Chandrakant Ugadhe to conduct an enquiry. \"The mob indiscriminately rained blows on the Bahurupiyas with sticks and stones. Most of the blows landed on the head which proved to be fatal,\" he said.Meanwhile, a mob thronged the Kalamna police station alleging highhandedness by the cops. The local residents were demanding the release of the people arrested claiming that the wrong people have been detained and the real culprits are still at large.Dhanvijay said cops have video-clippings and footage of the incident. \"We are tallying with the footages available and also manual intelligence to make the arrests. All precautions are being taken to ensure that no innocents are being framed,\" he said.\"The police responded within seven minutes after receiving the information as per the data collated from the control room and Kalamna police station. There was a call at the control room at 9.16am and another to Kalamna police station a minute earlier. The inspector was at the spot at 9.22 and the two sub-inspectors within another three minutes,\" said CP.\"The control room's electronic data shows that the Kalamna police van with some more personnel reverted to the control room stating that they reached the spot at 9.27am. As the police jeep had gone to fill fuel, the officials travelled on bikes,\" said Dhanvijay.Local MLA Krishna Khopde alleged that police indifference led to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092156", "title": "Rituparna has a lucky escape!", "text": "Rituparna Sengupta recently had a brush with death. The actor was shooting a paragliding sequence for Anup Das' \" Khola Hawa\" in Deolo, the highest point of Kalimpong, on May 7, when the accident happened.\"My co-actor, Samadarshi, and I were shooting the landing scene in two different glider aircrafts. As soon as the helpers pushed me from the cliff, wind started blowing in the other direction and the aircraft overturned. Instead of going up, I started falling towards the gorge. I started screaming at the top of my voice. The Swedish pilot, Roger, who was manoeuvring the aircraft, saved me by lifting me up. He then confessed that this was his first such experience in the thousands of flights he has guided till date,\" she said.The actor has hurt her arms. The incident forced an early pack up. \"The fear of what could have happened was there to see on the faces of the unit members. My husband, Sanjay, later chided me for doing such things. I then decided that I don't need to be so adventurous and should just concentrate on my acting,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13081711", "title": "Ready to go nude for Hollywood, says Koena Mitra", "text": "Bong beauty Koena mitra reveals that Hollywood projects interest her more as compare to Bollywood films.The actress who is busy filming Michael Hershel's, 'The Story Of Naomi' was in the capital for the launch of a skin clinic.Koena plays the character of a wife involved in an extramarital affair. Commenting on her filmy career she said, \"Nothing came easily to me. For the story of Naomi' I gave at least ten auditions before they called me. I don't find anything wrong with sex scenes, going nude or doing item numbers if the script demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087863", "title": "Hurdles off Laxmi Road pavements", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday sent squads to remove encroachments on footpaths along Laxmi Road and other areas of the city including congested areas of Bibvewadi, Kondhwa and Dhankawadi. The drive was conducted between 10 am and 1 pm and continued from 4 pm to 7 pm.Though the May 9 deadline set by the state urban development department (UDD) to make footpaths walkable expired on Wednesday, the action to clear them continued.In a three-hour drive on Laxmi Road that began at Belbaug Chowk at 4 pm, the squad cleared impediments on both sides of the road till Alka Talkies Chowk. The squad also cleared Appa Balwant Chowk of obstructions.As many as 80 encroachments, mostly stalls selling clothes, paan and nira were removed. Confiscated items included tricycles, plastic chairs, wooden carts, tables, steel water drums and travelling bags.Twenty police officials, 30 squad members, and about 20 civic officials participated in the drive. The squad removed 24 encroachments on Shivaji Road and another 20 on Bajirao RoadVishrambaugwada ward officer Arun Khilari said they faced some protests from Laxmi Road vendors. \"Those who conduct their business here have been doing so for a long time. It is difficult to evict them and they come back once the drive moves elsewhere. But on Thursday we managed to evict many of them. \"City engineer Vivek Kharwadkar told TOI that ward officials found neglecting their duty of clearing encroachments on pavements will face action. \"We have undertaken a massive drive to remove the encroachments from footpaths. This drive will continue for some more time,\" Kharwadkar told TOI.The squads removed encroachments including by roadside tea and food stalls and sugarcane juice stalls on Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Kondhwa and Dhankawadi. They also cleared debris blocking the right of way on footpaths in some other areas.The city was divided into four zones and actions were carried out through 14 wards offices. Squads were asked to remove the encroachments. Officials from the building encroachment, health, sky signs and road departments were involved in the drive.The civic administration had identified 2,078 obstacles on 26 km of footpaths in the city that were damaged or encroached upon, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Wednesday. The drive resulted in the removal of 649 encroachments across the city.Kharwadkar said that the civic administration had warned of action against PMC officials who would not perform their duties. \"We will see if anybody has not fulfilled the duties and action could be taken against them,\" he said.\"The drive was carried out in different parts of the city by different ward offices. The work of collecting data about the number of encroachments removed will continue till in the late night. A detailed report on the number of encroachments removed will be available in a day or two,\" Sanjay More, public relations officer, said.The city has 591 km of footpaths and most are out-of-bounds for pedestrians as they are blocked by encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13091063", "title": "Odia teachers in Jharkhand threaten stir", "text": "KEONJHAR: Teachers in Jharkhand-based Odia medium schools have threatened to launch an agitation over non-payment of salary.\"We have not received our pay for the past 20 months. As it is, we get a monthly remuneration of just Rs 1500. Our situation is very grave and we have written to the Odisha chief minister, the finance minister and the education regarding this. If the government does not clear our dues by May 25, then we will be forced to go for a hunger strike in front of the Odisha assembly,\" said Saroj Pradhan, a teacher in an Odia medium school in Jharkhand's West Singhbhum district.Pradhan said the state government has been paying the teachers of Odia medium schools outside Odisha through Utkal Sammilani since 2003. \"But the government stopped sending the money for some unspecified reason from July 2010,\" he added.Laxmipriya Mishra, a teacher in a primary school in Sareikela district, said, \"We want to keep the Odia language and culture alive in Jharkahand. Hence we agreed to work for a pittance. We are now finding it very difficult to maintain our families and on top of that, we are not getting our salary regularly. This is very discouraging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13087862", "title": "Aircel-Maxis deal: P Chidambaram rebuts charges against son Karti as BJP screams scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The hostility between home minister P Chidambaram and BJP flared up again on Thursday, with both sides locking horns over the allegation that the former finance minister had misused his office to help his son Karti acquire business interests in telecom operator Aircel.Tempers flared, sharp words were exchanged and Lok Sabha was repeatedly interrupted on Thursday as BJP's charge that home minister Chidambaram had an interest in the Aircel-Maxis deal was angrily rebutted by Congress benches.The House plunged into turmoil after senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha alleged a \"big scam\" and said Karti picked up a 5% stake in Maxis, a Malaysian company, ahead of a controversial takeover by Indian telecom firm Aircel. With finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , who is also the leader of House, present on the occasion, chaos reigned supreme.Later in the afternoon, just after lunch, Chidambaram read out a clarification issued by Karti amid the din denying that he or any member of his family had acquired or held any stake in Aircel or Maxis. He added that he had no interests in any telecom company.BJP's attack, part of an on-going offensive against the home minister, is based on Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy's allegation that Chidambaram as finance minister delayed the FIPB clearance for Aircel-Maxis until Karti got a share in Aircel Televentures Ltd owned by C Sivashankaran.\"I categorically state that neither me nor any member of my family have acquired or hold any stake in Aircel or Maxis. The person is known to make wild and reckless allegations. It is deeply regretted that the privileged forum of Parliament is misused to level wild and reckless allegations against a private citizen,\" Chidambaram said.Using a dramatic turn of phrase, he borrowed from the Bible to exclaim: \"God, forgive them for they know not what they do. I pray that God will forgive the sins of these people\" while alluding to the shouting BJP benches.BJP's attempts to corner Chidambaram, however, did not quite succeed, as the minister forcefully rebutted the charge. He, in fact, walked up to the TV crew in front of Parliament to reject the allegation. He had support from his Congress colleagues as they insisted that no evidence had been produced to establish whether any alleged payment to Aircel actually led to a transfer of shares.However, the latest confrontation seems set to escalate into a long drawn-out row, with the BJP threatening to produce what it called \"evidence\" of Chidambaram's alleged misuse of finance ministry to enable his son acquire interest in Aircel. The principal opposition looks set to raise the matter in both Houses again as part of a widening face-off which can affect government's legislative agenda.The drama on Thursday was also marked by a showdown between the BJP and Mukherjee. The veteran minister, who is basking in cross-party adulation over his prospect to be the next President, refused to respond to BJP's demand for a response from the government, saying he could not be forced to speak. The pandemonium aggravated as opposition MPs claiming the minister had used insulting language.A subsequent perusal of records revealed nothing objectionable and Mukherjee ambled across to opposition seats and seemed engaged in normal conversation soon after the House adjourned. Later, when the House met at 4pm, he apologized for losing his cool.Coming out strongly in Chidambaram's support, Congress argued that Swamy's documents were not verified, and the interpretation that Karti acquired shares in Aircel was unsubstantiated. Although the controversy once again saw opposition gunning for the home minister, by afternoon the storm had blown over as the House resumed normal proceedings.Swamy, a known critic of Chidambaram, on April 26 had released documents alleging a firm Advantage Strategic Consulting, in which Karti has interests, having paid Rs 26 lakh to Aircel when the telecom firm was owned by C Sivasankaran.Swamy alleged that as finance minister during UPA-1, Chidambaram ensured that Aircel-Maxis was not cleared until Sivasankaran had given shares to Karti.The entire Aircel-Maxis deal is now subject to a CBI probe, with DMK leader Dayanidhi Maran having to quit as cabinet minister following Sivasankaran alleging he was arm-twisted into selling to Maxis.In Lok Sabha on Thursday, BJP alleged the Rs 4,000 crore Aircel-Maxis deal was a ``big scam'' and Yashwant Sinha said: \"Prima facie, what has happened is a big scam and government should not hush it up.\" He said Karti picked up a 5% stake in the Malaysian company.The home minister dismissed the charges as \"wild and reckless\". Speaking outside the House, he said he had read out Karti's statement to which he had added a couple of lines of his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088732", "title": "Over 3 lakh students take \u2018glitch-free\u2019 Maharashtra Health and Technology-Common Entrance Test", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 3.38 lakh students appeared for the Maharashtra Health and Technology-Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET) on Thursday. The test result will determine entry into medical and engineering colleges across the state. Most students who appeared for the test claimed that both the sections were error-free and simple.Some students, however, found the physics section slightly tougher. \"The physics paper had tough questions as they were more application-based unlike the previous year's paper,\" said Pooja Chaudhari, a student aspiring to get into an engineering college. Another student claimed the test was a bit lengthy.While reportedly the exam went off smoothly at most of the 867 centres, a parent claimed one of the centres in Sion did not allow three students to appear for the exam as they reached the centre late.The parent, Chandrakant Mhatre, said, \"The girl reached the centre three minutes late and other two boys reached the centre around 10 minutes late. The authorities, however, did not allow them to appear for the exam. They were not even accompanied by their parents. Though they were allowed to attempt the second section of the exam, it was pointless. The girl wanted to opt for engineering and not biology, which was in the second section.\"Officials from the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), which conducts the exam were unavailable for comment. An official from Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER), which conducts the exam along with the DTE, said there was no confusion at any centre and everything went off smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13087048", "title": "Arrested French national awaits support from his govt", "text": "KOCHI: French national Ludovic Rebillard, arrested for allegedly trespassing into Eravikulam National Park and illegally staying there, is awaiting support from his government.The 44-year-old, currently lodged in Devikulam sub-jail after being remanded in judicial custody, has refused to apply for bail and decided to stay in jail till representatives of the French government show up.\"We don't know why he is behaving like this. While the court was ready to release him on bail if he executed a bond of Rs 25,000, he refused to do so and agreed to go to jail in judicial custody for 14 days,\" said a senior forest official. \"He kept on saying he wanted to trek to the Anamudi peak,\" the official said.Though forest officials have informed the French Embassy about his arrest, there has been no communication from the embassy so far.\"We are yet to get a reply from the embassy. We expect embassy officials to turn up to complete the legal procedures and get him out of jail,\" said the official.Eravikulam wildlife warden P U Saju told TOI that they had launched a probe to ascertain whether Ludovic Rebillard was involved in any bio-piracy or wildlife theft. \"We have passed on the details of the foreigner to the Wildlife Crime Records Bureau. A detailed investigation will be launched if we get any inputs from the bureau,\" he added.The French national was found staying in a temporary tent inside the forest on May 3 by a group of forest officials who were conducting annual census of the Nilgiri Tahr at Eravikulam National Park. The accused had valid travel documents. He also had a GPS-enabled mobile phone and a digital camera.Ludovic Rebillard came to Munnar on April 30. He then went to Eravikulam National Park and sought permission to trek to Anamudi, the highest peak in Western Ghats. But the authorities denied him permission, so he allegedly trespassed into the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13089433", "title": "Anand and Gelfand only the 7th higher age-group pair in the history of WCC", "text": "CHENNAI: Viswanathan Anand and Boris Gelfand will form a rare pair of World Chess Championship contestants when they start their 12-game match, in Moscow on Friday. In the 126-year history of the championship, this would be the first time since 1993 that twoGrandmasters in their 40s figure in the title contest. And there have just been seven such pairs since 1886.Ever since Bobby Fischer became the youngest Grandmaster in the 1950s, chess seems to have broken barriers and become a young man's game. The youth brigade rewrote the record from 1990 onwards, and 15-year-olds and 14-year-olds became Grandmasters before they could even play a serious GM tournament. Not long ago, we had Ruslan Ponomariov of Ukraine setting a world record by becoming the youngest world champion at the age of 18, and right now, we have a 22-year-old at the top of the rating list in Magnus Carlsen of Norway.Well, all these marks don't count now as 42-year-old Anand will be up against 43-year-old Gelfand for the most prestigious contest in world chess.Chess history has instances when 40-year-olds played the title match but most of them were against younger rivals; it also provides instances of 50-year-olds fighting for the world title. But they are from the distant past, almost 50 years ago. Gary Kasparov once said, \"A world champion should retire at 40.\"But what he said was true to him because he had been fighting the battles since he was in his early 20s. Vishy Anand would beg to differ, because he got to know the system rather late when he was in his mid-30 s and reached his peak when he was nearly 40.If you talk of the oldest pairs in world championship history, this match features two masters who are almost of the same age. Only twice did such pairs in the 40s locked wits -- Emanuel Lasker vs David Janowski in 1910, and Jan Timman vs Anatoly Karpov in 1993.Players such as Viktor Korchnoi (Switzerland), Wilhelm Steinitz (Germany), Mikhail Botwinnik and Vassily Smyslov (both Russia) contested in the World Championship matches when they were in their 50s, but in those days technology and information were non-existent compared to what we have now.Indians usually mature slowly, what with Manuel Aaron winning the Nationals in 1981 when he was in his 40s, and TN Parameswaran repeating the feat 15 years later.In fact, Aaron was on record saying of Parameswaran's triumph , that though he felt happy for his Tamil Nadu mate, he was sorry for the health of Indian chess that a 40-year-old had come ahead of the young talents.40-Plus Pairs At Worlds2012: Viswanathan Anand (42) vs Boris Gelfand (43)1993: Anatoly Karpov (42) vs Jan Timman (41)1934: Alexander Alekhine (41) vs Efim Bogolyubov (45)1910: Emanuel Lasker (41) vs Dawid Janowski (42)1908: Emanuel Lasker (40) vs Siegbert Tarrasch (46)1892: Wilhelm Steinitz (56) vs Mikhail Chigorin (41)1886: Wilhelm Steinitz (50) vs Johannes Zukertort (43)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13089274", "title": "Three withdraw nomination in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Three candidates have withdrawn their nomination forms for MLC elections, slated to be held on May 25.On Thursday MLC Jagdish Gupta, Adesh Bobde and Chandrakumar alias Lappi Jajodiya withdrew their forms which left Congress candidate Anirudha alias Bablu Deshmukh, BJP's Pravin Pote, Ajay Nawandar and Ganesh Roy in the fray.When Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre declared that Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will contest the elections jointly, it was expected that former president of Chandur Railway Municipal Council Ganesh Roy of NCP will withdraw his nomination but he didn't.Sources said that he Roy was told by party higher-ups to withdraw but he defied. Surprisingly MLC Gupta, whose term will end on June 21, has withdrawn. Gupta was elected on BJP ticket but he was expelled from the party for alleged anti-party activities.Speaking to TOI, Gupta said, \"Many heavyweights have jumped into the fray. They will use money power to make it to the council. Since I do not believe in using money power I preferred to relinquish.\"Jajodiya, who is very close to independent MLA from Badnera Ravi Rana, too has withdrawn. Congress has given candidature to former president of Amravati zilla parishad Bablu Deshmukh who would be pitted against a strong contender Pravin Pote of BJP.Traditionally, the BJP has ruled the MLA elections in Amravati but this time Congress is leaving no stone unturned to upset the applecart of the saffron party. Also with businessman Ajay Nawandar jumping into the fray the poll equation will change a lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13080992", "title": "Prabhu Deva goes the Rajini way?", "text": "The choreographer-director's next might be inspired by the Superstar's BaashaPrabhu Deva seems to be a much sought-after filmmaker in Bollywood. Now that he's done with Rowdy Rathore , which releases next month, the choreographer-director has signed a film with Ajay Devgn and will start work on it soon. Buzz is that the film's subject is inspired by Rajinikanth's evergreen superhit Baasha , where he played an autowallah and don.While Ajay has two film commitments this year, the dancing sensation is showing off his moves in choreographer Remo D'Souza's debut venture Any Body Can Dance (ABCS). Their combination is slated to take off once the duo is done with their current projects. It is also understood that Ajay Devgn is working on a specially-toned body for one of the roles in the flick, which is said to be similar to the portions in which Rajinikanth plays the don, Baasha . So, will this be as effective as the Superstar act? Can Prabhu Deva get Ajay to essay the role as stylishly?Cricket Fan The director seems to be having a blast in Mumbai. He was seen enjoying a cricket match with his kids a few days back and in fact, thanked his heroine Sonakshi Sinha for taking them to the match. Ask him about this and he says, \"Yes, my kids are with me as it's their vacation time. We went to the match and it's actually the first time I went to watch a cricket match in the stadium!\"When we contacted Prabhu Deva, he said, \"Yes, I will be doing a film with Ajay Devgn. But, it's too early to talk about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "13091012", "title": "Dribblers he trains bring laurels to nation, state", "text": "GND Stadium: There are a few sportspersons, who are a walking school in themselves, just because of the experience they have in their respective sport. Sankaran Subramanian, 74, is one such person, who has nourished a five-decade-long relationship with basketball and continues to train talented players till date.Subramaniam has been training the players of Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) for last 12 years at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium. LBA has produced more than 20 international players under his training.He says he joined Indian Air Force in 1958 and served till 1973. \"In 1962, I was sent to Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) on deputation and during that period, I used to play basketball with some of the American pilots who were visiting India,'' says Subramaniam.After improving his game with the skills he learned from the Americans, Subramaniam applied for a coach certification course from National Institute of Sports and completed it in 1968. Once certified as an NIS coach, Subramaniam trained the IAF team until he retired.After his retirement, he took up the responsibility of coaching the senior and junior teams of his native state Tamil Nadu , sometimes extending his support to rural schools voluntarily.Born and brought up in Tamil Nadu, Subramaniam came to NIS, Patiala, in 1973 and retired from the organization as a director, training, in 1998. In 1974, he had visited Germany for a year-long advanced coaching course, winning a gold medal upon its completion and later, did his doctorate in sports psychology from Germany in 1987. Subramaniam was also among the coaches who trained the national team during 1982 Asian games.\"Many of the teams I trained were recognized nationally. Even the junior boys team at LBA I am training now is the undisputed champion at the state level for last nine years,'' says Subramaniam, adding, \" Ludhiana is one of the best cities to play basketball and has a treasure of talent to be tapped.''Even at this age, it wouldn't be easy to beat Subramaniam on the court, as he dribbles and dodges with the energy and agility of a young man.His family stays in Patiala, but Subramaniam rarely parts from his first love for basketball, to visit them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089255", "title": "Forest Department red flags Arkacheri work", "text": "NAGPUR: After initial hesitation, the Buldhana forest division has finally asked the irrigation department to stop work on Arkacheri, a minor irrigation project that falls within 10 km of Melghat tiger reserve (MTR).The letter was issued by Buldhana deputy conservator of forests Dilip Gujela on the direction of Mohan Jha, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Amravati Circle, who made it clear that although project site is non-forest land, it falls within 10 km of MTR and hence needed prior permission from National Board for Wildlife (NBWL).Gujela wrote on May 7 to executive engineer of minor irrigation department asking to stop the work but sources said irrigation department actually increased the pace of work. The matter is already being heard in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court through a PIL filed by Sonala villagers. Irrigation department chief engineer R B Shukla claimed work had been stopped but asserted that the site was beyond 10 km periphery of the tiger reserve and was not even in the buffer zone. When asked about forest department letter, he said, \"I will let you know.\"Gujela said he had asked the irrigation department to stop work till permission was received from wildlife department. A report on Arkacheri has been submitted to the CCF Mohan Jha. The project violates provision of Environment Protection Act (EPA) 1986 which is not being implemented seriously by the forest department. \"As per provisions of the Act, irrigation department has to submit a proposal to wildlife department and take permission as the project site is within 10 km of tiger reserve,\" Gujela said.The irrigation department plans to divert Ar river into Kacheri nala. Ar comes from Wan wildlife sanctuary. As per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, diversion of river water from a protected area is prohibited without wildlife department permission. The Rs 47.51 crore Arkacheri will irrigate 1,900 hectares land but farmers claim over half of the command area land was already under well irrigation.Villagers of Sonala, where Arkacheri is coming up, said they never demanded the project as Wan medium irrigation project was situated just 5 km upstream of Arkacheri and was an assured source of water for the wells falling in submergence of the new project. Besides, the new site has no hard stratum generally needed to construct a dam. Ravikiran Govekar, assistant inspector general (AIG) with NTCA's Nagpur regional office, said he had written to MTR officials and was awaiting reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13090077", "title": "State govt gives land worth crores to private company, sans authority: HC", "text": "SHIMLA: Around 325 bighas of land worth crores was handed over by the Himachal Pradesh government to Jai Prakash Associates Limited (JAL) without any authority, which has left the high court shocked.In its recent judgment, the division bench of the court has observed, \"Can the state act like a land mafia, take over the possession of the village common land and hand it over to a private company without even following the semblance of the rule of law? Can a private company take possession of public property and erect a factory thereupon without any legal authority? Obviously the answer has to an emphatic No.\"In its May 4 judgment, the division bench of Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Sanjay Karol has pointed out that the speed at which the action was taken and the manner in which JAL was put into possession of the plant clearly reflects that everything is not above board.The verdict said that as per the documents, which are on record, single window clearance for the plant was conveyed to JAL on September 16, 2004, which thereafter approached the state level site appraisal committee for approval of the site at village Pandiyana (Tikkri) near Bagheri and the proposed site was finally recommended and approved by the committee on May 27, 2005.The court observed that the version of state is that the land selected was forest land and therefore permission for diversion of the forest land was sought under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980 for being diverted for use of non-forest purpose for setting up a cement plant. This permission was granted on September 8, 2005. Thereafter, on October 18, 2005 the industry department took up the matter with the revenue department for leasing out the land to JAL.\"Admittedly, the revenue department transferred the land to industry department only on November 29, 2008 and the industry department took notional possession of the land on March 4, 2009. The company had been put in possession of the land in October, 2005 without any legal document or order. We vide our order dated September 30, 2011, had directed the chief secretary to the Himachal Pradesh government to explain how the possession of land was handed over to JAL,\" the court said.On the reply filed by the chief secretary, the court observed that shockingly in a matter which was being dealt with at the highest levels of the executive, nobody looked into this aspect of the matter as to how JAL had been put in possession of this land, merely because the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had granted permission to divert the forest land for non-forest purpose.The court further pointed out that in fact the land, even as per the government, was village common land and possession was not of the revenue or industry departments. \"If the possession of the land was not with the departments how was the possession of public land handed over to the company,\" it said.While referring to the issue of transferring land from the common pool to allotment pool, the court observed that again only the interest of JAL was watched and the interests of the common people were totally forgotten. \"It appears that the officials were more concerned about the interest of the project proponent and nobody bothered about the interest of the villagers or the purpose of the village common lands act,\" the court added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089217", "title": "Youth to get training in food courses", "text": "LUCKNOW: Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management (MKITM) will start short quality training courses covering food and beverage service and food production under the skill development programmes called as 'Hunar se Rozgar'. The programme will target persons with limited means of learning who need to acquire skills for employment. Youth between 18 and 28 years will be targeted. The trainees will be given stipend and a certificate after the completion of the training.The institute under the Capacity Building Service Providing scheme will also make an attempt to inculcate tourism traits and knowledge among the trainees which will enable them to act and work as student volunteers. It will provide trained guides for the Mahakumbh in Allahabad early next year. \"It is expected that about seven crore pilgrims will attend the Kumbh and for this we at least need 2,000 guides. At present, we only have around 850 guides. This is a major challenge before us and therefore we aim at training people to act as guides,'' said MKITM director Professor Manoj Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087761", "title": "53 eateries get notices from the FDA", "text": "PANAJI: The food safety officers of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) visited 130 eateries across the state as part of the pre-monsoon checks. 'Improvement notices' were issued to 53 establishments.The FDA personnel also directed eight eating houses and two bakeries to stop activities until the defects pointed out are rectified. The eating houses and bakeries have been pulled up unhygienic conditions and lack of health sanitary cards. The drive, which commenced from April 15 at hotels , restaurants, eating houses and bakeries, was carried out in Panaji , Mapusa, Vasco, Margao, Ponda and Calangute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13091607", "title": "Barkatullah University bid to finish 6-month course in 17 days flat", "text": "BHOPAL: Apparently realising that a slew of under-graduate 6-semester, including BA, are running way behind schedule Barkatullah University is now in a tearing hurry to finish courses. At a mind-boggling pace-in 17 days flat. After declaring fifth semester result on April 30, the university announced May 17 as the exam date for the sixth semester.The higher education department directives to complete the present session by June 15 for smooth introduction of on-line admission from June 20 perhaps explain the undue haste. The university has 354 affiliated colleges.Most of the graduate level exams of sixth semester have yet to be organised. According to university schedule, B Com exam will be organised from May 17 to 26 whereas BCA exam is scheduled to be organised from May 17 to 24. Another important exam of BSc will be organised from May 17 to June 12.The university appears to be in a position to complete the exam process by the deadline decided by the higher education department. Most of the exams will be completed either in the first week or mid of the next month, sources said.Interestingly, even after declaring the result, the university would still need to give time to students for revaluation which takes almost ten days. Another few days will be spent on declaring the revaluation and supplementary results which lands university in completing the exam process by the first week of July, sources further explained.When contacted, university authorities refused to comment. \"The exam section does not come under my control. Talk to the exam controller or anyone else from the exam section,\" assistant registrar BD Bharti reacted when asked the university's preparation to complete the exam within the set deadline.The rush hour has forced university authorities to reduce minimum number of days for academic session in one semester. \"Conducting six months' classes in 17 days is nothing, but jeopardizing students' future. I don't have any choice except to appear in the exam with hardly any preparation,\" a student of sixth semester Vidya Dhulekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13087760", "title": "Erra Matti Dibbalu to get facelift", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The much-neglected Erra Matti Dibbalu (red mud hills) would soon get a facelift with the Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) planning to develop facilities at the tourist spot on the outskirts of the port city. The red mud hills, located on the way to Bheemunipatnam, are not only a favourite with Telugu movie makers but also with Odisha and Bengali directors. Several dance sequences have been shot against the backdrop of these fascinating ravines.Vuda has chalked out plans to provide solar powered lighting facilities at the tourist spot. The authorities are also planning to erect a fencing to preserve the nature's bounty. Sources said once lighting and fencing are in place, the authorities would allow tourists to visit the spot at night at a reasonable entry fee.Some time back, Vuda's plans to set up a coffee shop and other amusement facilities faced strong opposition from heritage activists. Following a proposal from the tourism department to improve the facilities at the spot, Vuda stepped in after a private company expressed its willingness to provide solar and wind power.\"The Vuda Board passed a resolution to provide lighting for the benefit of tourists in the night,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089316", "title": "Tanvi, Nishigandha hog limelight", "text": "NAGPUR: The third and final day of the Mayor's Cup drama competition, which was being held at the Sai Sabagruh, received a good response from drama lovers.The session started with a play named 'Aata Paas' which was staged by a group from Pune. It was well received by the audience.However, it was 'Visanch Ganit' by another group from Pune that stole the show. The story was based on the closeness of two childhood friends who promised to stay together. The story goes on to reveal how circumstances make one compromise on their friendship.The drama was about how an orphan who is despised by her friend after she comes to know that 'Veena' is a prostitute when they meet 12 years later. Many years of friendship took a hit because of 'Veena's' profession.While Tanvi Kulkarni who played the role of the friend 'Devaki' kept the audience glued with her bubbly performance and spontaneity, it was Nishigandha Devikar's 'Veena' that received the applause for her expressions, voice modulation and conviction in her body language.\"It was a great experience working for this show. We have learnt so much more about life's harsh facts. We were floored by the response of the crowd,\" said Tanvi.The director/writer did a fantastic job with the script and dialogues. He also portrayed the transitions of the play with the help of the lights that made the flashback scenes credible.\"Every scene was presented beautifully. We also got to see some good acting. The music could've been better though,\" said Nikhil Tongle who watched the play.However, Sarang Maste, another person from the audience, said, \"The drama could have been made compact. It needed speed. The message was not very clearly portrayed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091044", "title": "'Time spent on the study table matters the most'", "text": "At least a dozen candidates from Odisha have qualified for the civil services. Three of them - Anupam Saha, Manish Agarwal and Rashi Dogra - share their motivation and secret for success of cracking the prestigious exam with Ashok Pradhan. While one was attracted by the dream of pursuing the 'top most career' in the government sector, another rued the lack of 'proper coaching' in Odisha. The biggest motivator for the third was the desire to work for society in an efficient way. They, however, agree that at the end of the day it is one's own hard work and perseverance that is responsible for successAnupam Saha of Kesinga (Kalahandi), rank 35Q-How did you prepare?A-It is a three-stage examination, i.e., prelims, mains and interview and this was my third attempt. For the prelims, I studied extensively from the syllabus and emphasized on current affairs. Clarity of concept is the key to success in the preliminary test. Intensive study, answer writing practice with emphasis on presentation is of utmost importance in the mains. At the interview, what I feel is the board tries to assess the aptitude of the candidate for a career in civil services by asking questions from diverse fields.Q-How was your interview?A-My interview lasted for 25 to 30 minutes. I was interviewed by Alka Sirohi's board. The questions asked were on contempt of court, knowledge economy of India and its scope and challenges, questions on challenges in higher education in India, difference of demographic problems between developed and developing world, Malthusian theory and its relevance in current era, National Sample Survey Organization and its scope and significance, whether the state government was justified in releasing the alleged Maoists from jail, why I left my previous job and to elaborate \"not taking a decision itself is a very good decision.\"Q-Can someone get into IAS without attending a coaching?A-Coaching makes the preparation time-bound and keeps the competition spirit high. But it is the time one spends on his/her own study table that matters in the examination hall. I consistently studied for seven to eight hours everyday. I did take coaching. But many cleared the examination without going for coaching. So joining a coaching or not is a personal call.Q- What are the problems for preparing for the civil services in Odisha?A-I did my entire preparation in Delhi. I am not exactly aware about the problems faced by candidates who are preparing in Odisha. But I feel we lack an atmosphere for preparation here.Q-What will be your advice for aspirants?A-Plan well and work hard. Have confidence in yourself, success will be yours.Q-What is the importance of college teaching in civil services?A-I did my graduation in electrical engineering, but I opted for geography and public administration as optionals. I had an inherent interest in geography right from my school days and I thought public administration will be useful for me in my career. Apart from that, these subjects are high scoring and there is no dearth of study material and guidance. Good academic background is definitely helpful. But there is a big gulf between the academic curriculum followed by universities and the demand of the UPSC examination.Q-What is your education background?A-I did my initial schooling from Saraswati Sishu Mandir, Kesinga. I passed my matriculation from Kesinga Vidyapitha. I studied in vernacular medium till Class X. Then I studied +2 science from BJB college Bhubaneswar. After that, I joined the prestigious National Institute of Technology, Rourkela.Q-What was the motivation to prepare for civil services?A-It is the top most career in India in the government sector. Job satisfaction is of the highest order. It gives the opportunity to be part of the nation building process.Q-What can be done by the government to improve state's performance in the exam?A-The government should start thinking of promoting candidates preparing for the civil services as done by various other state governments. The state government can infuse enthusiasm into the civil services aspirants by providing financial assistance to the needy and deserving people. Such steps have paid rich dividends in some states and there has been a substantial improvement in the number of people selected from these states in the last 3 to 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13088522", "title": "Power shutdown on Saturday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday between 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Supply will be resumed before 5pm if the works are completed.Red Hills: Part of Redhills GNT road, Naravarikuppam, Padianallur, Sothupakkam, Alinjivakkam, Vilangadupakkam, Kossapur, Sendrambakkam, Theeyampakkam, Sirungavur, Theerthakaraiyan Pattu, Palavoyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089636", "title": "Project cost of second food street goes up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The second food street in the southern part of the city which was planned around three years ago has hit a road block, as the engineering department doesn't seem to think that the project can be executed at the 2009 cost, when it was planned. The road wing of the civic body has suggested increasing the rates by at least Rs five to seven lakh and only then would it be possible to execute it.In a detailed letter by road wing-1, it was stated that the present conditions as far as availability of raw material is concerned are bad. It adds, things have changed a lot in the last three years, therefore there is a need to revise the cost of the project.Executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"We have written to senior officials in this regard and have highlighted the present market rates related to the project. We have tried our best and also floated tenders several times, but no contractor has responded. Therefore if the project has to be executed, then a revised estimate of the project is needed. Its cost was around Rs17 lakh when it was planned and now the revised cost is over Rs 22 lakh.\"An official, who is associated with the food street project said that even Rs 22 lakh is quite less in the present scenario, because raw material is not available while construction costs of all the projects have gone up. Due to this reason, a number of development works of the Chandigarh municipal corporation have been affected.The issue of revision of rates had even come in the road committee last month and members of the committee had agreed that rates should be revised.Municipal councillor Mukesh Bassi, who is a member of the road committee had said, \"We had told the engineering officials to bring the revised rates in the house for members' approval, but they did not do so. It is shocking that public works are affected, but the engineering wing is too lethargic to act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13091830", "title": "Nation needs a healthy sex ratio, says expert", "text": "DHARWAD: Female foeticide continues to be rampant in India as the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test Act has not been effectively enforced, said Sarasu Thomas, National Advisory Committee (NAC) member and faculty of National Law School University. Speaking at the two-day workshop organized by the women's wing of Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha here, she said Indian society has not accepted the Act, hence inequality still prevails. Under the Act, female foeticide is considered as a cognizable, non-bailable and non-compoundable offence. But cases of violation of the provisions of Act were not being registered with the appropriate authorities. One of the major reasons for this is both parties, the parents and the doctors, are involved in getting a female foetus aborted.\"The time is ripe to launch a massive movement against such anti-social activities and enlighten the community on the evil impacts of female foeticide\", she said.The Act is clear that the consent of the woman is needed before aborting a foetus. However, due to family pressure, the woman is unable to ascertain her right, Sarasu observed and called upon the educated class to come together and enlighten society on the need for a healthy sex ratio.Delivering a key-note address, social activist Reshma regretted that with every passing year, the sex ratio is getting increasingly skewed. The sex ratio according to 2011 census is 914 women per 1,000 men. It was 927 women per 1,000 men in 2001, she pointed out and said female foeticide is not confined to a particular community. \"Maternal mortality, child marriage, dowry and malnutrition are some of the major issues that need to be addressed,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087719", "title": "41% kids underweight in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As many as 41% of the children in the state are underweight and 55% of the women between 15 to 45 years of age in the state are anemic. This was revealed in a Rajya Sabha session on Thursday.Union minister of state (independent charge) for women and child development, Krishna Tirath in Rajya Sabha gave the details of the number of women and children suffering from malnutrition. Tirath was replying to a question posed by Member of Parliament from Jharkhand , Parimal Nathwani.The minister provided information based on the third national family health survey of 2005-06. The minister also informed that government gave priority to the issue of malnutrition and was implementing several schemes and programmes through state governments.\"During the 11th plan against the budget allocation 43,186.70 crore, the expenditure incurred under the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme was Rs 43,829.53 crore,\" said Tirath. She added that the government introduced two new schemes during 2010-11 namely including Rajiv Gandhi Scheme for Empowerment of Adolescent Girls (RGSEAG) which is also known as SABLA and Indira Gandhi Matrutva Sahyog Yojana (IGMSY).The minister, however, made it clear that the responsibility of implementation of most of the government schemes lay in the hands of the state governments or union territories administration. The states have been advised from time to time to set up State Nutrition Council and other mechanisms to address the issue of malnutrition, she said.The minister added that the Prime Minister Council on India's Nutrition Challenges has recently taken several decisions including strengthening and restructuring ICDS with special focus on pregnant and lactating mothers as well as children under three; preparation of a multi-sectoral programme in select 200 high-burden districts to address the maternal and child malnutrition; launch a nation-wide campaign against malnutrition. and bring strong nutrition focus in programmes related to health, drinking water supply, sanitation, school education, agriculture, food and public distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088263", "title": "Lifestyle diseases remain No. 1 killer of Mumbaikars", "text": "MUMBAI: Lifestyle diseases have emerged as bigger killers than infectious ones in Mumbai yet again. Heart ailments and heart attacks topped the BMC's list of top 10 killer diseases for 2011, the sixth consecutive year that they have occupied the slot. Blame it on our sedentary lifestyle or unhealthy diet, with every passing year more and more Mumbaikars are dying of non-communicable diseases.Tuberculosis is second on the BMC's list, followed by cancer, pneumonia and lower respiratory diseases. The silver lining in this otherwise dark cloud is that death due to diabetes-another lifestyle disease affecting Mumbaikars-has dropped 22% from 2,920 in 2010 to 2,270 in 2011.That Mumbaikars are susceptible to cardiac arrests and related diseases does not surprise doctors. Death certificates issued by the BMC for 2011 show that 26,540 Mumbaikars died of heart diseases and heart attacks between January 1 and December 31. That's a 1.5% rise in deaths due to cardiac problems since 2010. Dr Arun Bamne, joint executive health officer in the BMC, said, \"Mumbaikars have a habit of consuming junk food. Coupled with a lack of physical activity and exercise, cardiac problems are only going to increase.\"Experts says heart diseases alone cannot be blamed for the deaths. For instance, a heart attack may occur as a culmination of issues like diabetes, kidney failure or even lung fibrosis. But Bamne said in such a case the death certificate will mention more than one cause of death.\"For instance, it is mentioned that the person died of a heart attack which was probably triggered by diabetes. Such a death will be counted as a diabetes death. But if a person had developed a heart disease without being a diabetic patient, then we will count it as a cardiac death,\" he said.Cancer, which ranks third on the list of deadly diseases, claimed 5,524 lives in 2011-a 3% increase from 2010 when 5,360 people succumbed to the disease. The figures were higher in 2009, when a total of 6,098 Mumbaikars had died.Dr Surendra Shastri, head of preventive oncology at Tata Memorial Hospital, said, \"According to a publication by the Indian Cancer Society, if age-specific deaths are taken into consideration, then cervical cancer mortalities have decreased and breast cancer deaths have increased slightly. Most other cancer-related deaths have remained more or less similar.\" He attributed the rise in cancer deaths to the growing population. \"What we need are better facilities to provide early diagnosis and better treatment. The city also needs active data collection on cancer so that a proper trend can be spotted.\"Diabetes, the eighth deadliest killer, claimed 2,270 lives in 2011, a 22% fall over 2010. The number of deaths is still significant, say doctors, because diabetes kills more people than communicable diseases like malaria, dengue and leptospirosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087431", "title": "Distribution of class XII books begins", "text": "COIMBATORE: Distribution of books for plus two classes in the district commenced on Thursday. The books for schools run by the government and the corporation as well as aided schools will be distributed free of cost. There are 141 schools with higher secondary courses in the district, which include 71 government schools, 20 schools run by the corporation and municipality as well as 42 aided schools.Books for these institutions will be distributed from the corporation-run Middle School at Puliyakulam. Chief education officer of Coimbatore T Rajendran said around 2 lakh books would be given away to 32,000 students.School officials started collecting books on Thursday from the school. P Loganathan, headmaster of the Corporation Higher Secondary School at Sidhapudur, said they would start distributing books from Friday. He said they announced the results for the plus one courses on Thursday and students would be soon handed over the books.At the same time, some headmasters of higher secondary schools said they would distribute the books after some contemplation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087783", "title": "Injured, abandoned elephant shifted to Manikdoh rescue centre", "text": "PUNE: Injured elephant Chanchala who was abandoned by her mahout and had been lying in a nullah for over four days was shifted to the Manikdoh rescue centre, Junnar, by the forest department officials on Thursday.Chanchala, who is in her forties, was used for begging on the streets. She had developed gangrene in one leg, while her other leg was injured rendering her completely immobile. She was found writhing in pain by the local people, who informed the authorities, fed the elephant, gave water and erected a temporary shed for her.Veterinary doctors from the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and the Katraj zoo were giving preliminary treatment to the elephant.Forest department officials and veterinary doctors decided to shift the elephant to Junnar rescue centre for treatment on Thursday. At present, both the owner and the mahout are absconding. As per the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, using elephants to beg on the streets is a punishable offence.A person who lives near the nullah told TOI that the mahout had camped nearby with the elephant.\"For the last 15 days, the elephant was showing difficulty in walking because of the gangrene and the injury. Four days ago, she fell into the nullah, following which the mahout went missing. His belongings are still lying here.\"Manoj Oswal, animal welfare board officer, said using elephants to beg is an offence under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act. \"We book such mahouts and owners, but we still find elephants being used for begging on the streets.\"Anil Khaire, director of the PCMC-run Bahinabai Chaudhary zoo, said that the mahout had been staying in Nigdi with Chanchala for over a year and had been using her for begging.R S Kadam, range forest officer, forest department, said that the elephant was shifted to the Manikdoh rescue centre so that she could be under constant supervision of the veterinary doctor. \"The elephant will also be away from human interference, since she is in distress. The rescue centre is managed by the forest department and Wildlife SOS Agra. We have informed the chief wildlife warden about the development,\" he added.Kadam said the elephant was evidently neglected by the owner and the mahout.\"We have lodged a complaint with the police and they are looking for the duo. In this case, the owner did not even have any transit permission for the elephant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087543", "title": "Bhangar College professor surrenders, court grants bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Bhangar College professor Debjani Dey, who had accused former Trinamool Congress MLA Arabul Islam of throwing a jug at her on April 24, surrendered before the Baruipur additional chief judicial magistrate's court on Friday and was granted bail on a personal bond of 1,000. The former legislator had filed complaints against her to counter the ones she had lodged against him. She was directed by the court to appear before it again on May 24.Debjani was charged under Sections 341 (Wrongful Restraint), 500 (Defamation) and 506 (Criminal Intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code. Though all the sections are bailable, the professor had to surrender before a court to prevent the issuance of an arrest warrant against her.Trouble broke out at Bhangar College on April 24 when Islam, president of the college governing body, allegedly barged into the staff room with outsiders and started an altercation with Debjani over the forthcoming West Bengal College and University Teachers Association (WBCUTA) elections. The professor and her colleagues alleged that Islam hurled a water jug at her, injuring her on the chin. This led to public outrage and even chief minister Mamata Banerjee expressed displeasure with Arabul's behaviour. Islam was subsequently arrested and released on bail. The former MLA, however, claimed that he was being framed and filed a counter complaint against her before the Alipore CJM's court.On Thursday, Debjani reached the Bariupur ACJM's court around 1.30pm and appeared before magistrate Surateswar Mondal. She was accompanied by a battery of teachers from the college and WBCUTA members. The professor looked weary and disturbed. \"I still shudder on thinking about the incident. Even now there is an atmosphere of terror in the college. It is difficult to go to the college under such conditions,\" Debjani said.Though Islam had filed the counter complaint only against her, other teachers accompanied her to provide moral support and rally behind her to get justice.\"The assault by the Trinamool leader is not against professor Dey alone. It was an assault on the entire teaching community. We are here to support her. That women constables have been posted at Bhangar College reveals the tension that still prevails there,\" said Subrata Goswami, member of WBCUTA's South 24-Parganas district branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13091114", "title": "'Can I buy saree on a Sunday?'", "text": "LUDHIANA: After the silk and saree store owners' association decided to keep all the stores closed on Sunday recently, a section among the shopkeepers, who are considerate about customers' shopping preferences and do not want to miss the good sale as they are new in the business, have chosen to deny the decision of keeping their stores open on Sunday.The customers had expressed their disagreement with the decision when it came into effect last Sunday. The shopkeepers keeping their stores open on Sundays say the association's decision is dictatorial and inconsiderate of the new businessman in the silk and saree market.\"We ventured into this business about two years ago and aren't a part of any association. The few people who have taken the decision for all have been in the business for over 30 years and have reached a saturation point,'' said Harjap Singh, owner of NRI silk store. He added, \"Sunday is the most suitable day for most customers and keeping the shops closed would mean suffering huge loss in the intense competition for beginners.\"If the shopkeepers want to keep a day's off in a week, they must call all the people involved in the business to take a unanimous decision, said Harjap.Gurmeet Singh, owner of Chhabra store on Pakhowal Road said, \"The customers want us to be open on Sunday as most of them get out shopping on this day. The decision has been taken in haste ignoring the new entrants in the business.''Owner of Lehanga Junction (Ghumar Mandi) Mukesh Dhand said, \"A few businessman can't decide on behalf of the entire market. The customers want us to be open on Sunday and there demands are more important to us.''Namita Kohli, a college teacher from Gurdav Nagar, said if at all the silk and saree stores have to be closed once a week, they should chose a week day for this and not Sunday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13091403", "title": "All urged to help clean up Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: A public awareness and boat rally was taken out for making the Ganga pollution free by members of Dev Deepawali Samiti on Thursday. Officials of the Kanpur municipal corporation and district and police administration also took part in the programme.The Ganga Bachao Rally was organised by the members of Dev Deepawali Samiti, in collaboration with Bal Yogi Arun Shree Maharaj and Mahant Ramesh Puri in the morning hours on Thursday. District Magistrate MP Agarwal was also present on the occasion to motivate the volunteers in their initiative.Several school students also took part in the awareness rally which was started from the Parade to Bada Chauraha and culminated on the banks of the Ganga on Sarsaiyya ghat.Speaking on the occasion, programme in-charge of Dev Deepawali Samiti Madan Lal Bhatia said: \"We should make efforts to make the Ganga pollution free. The government and district administration should make efforts to clean the Ganga and make it pollution free. Being the most sacred river, the Ganga should be accorded a proper status.\"\"Ganga, the most abundant and wonderful natural resource, is extremely essential for survival of all living organisms. But, today, clean water of the Ganga has become a precious commodity and its quality is threatened by various kinds of pollution,\" said DM MP Agarwal while addressing the locals.Similar was the scene on Parmat Ghat in the evening hours where DIG Amitabh Yash and Municipal Commisioner NK Singh Chauhan flagged off the Nirmal Ganga Nauka Rally. The rally was carried out on several boats that covered the distance between Parmat and Sarsaiyya Ghat. Madan Lal Bhatia, Bal Yogi Arun Shree Maharaj and Mahant Ramesh Puri were also present on the occasion.The administrative and municipal officials urged the denizens to save the Ganga and keep it clean as the socio-economic activities had severely damaged the quality of the Ganga. The officials also said pollution of the river meant the death of Indian culture and civilisation.It is important to mention here that these awareness rallies have been organised to mark the tour of the Indian Tibet Border Police (ITBP), which is taking rounds of the cities in the Ganga Basin. Several other programmes, including debates and painting contests, will also be organised for the similar purpose. The last day of this event will be dedicated to the grand Ganga Aarati on Sarsaiyya Ghat in the presence of ITBP force on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087449", "title": "Government declares Annur a taluk, people thrilled", "text": "COIMBATORE: V Karuppusamy, a resident of Pattaikkaran Pudur village near Annur, is a relieved man. The news about the government's decision to elevate Annur as a separate taluk has come as a shot in his arm as he can now avoid frequent trips to Coimbatore north revenue office for work. Annur was earlier part of Avinashi town panchayat but after the formation of Tirupur district out of Coimbatore in February 2009, Annur and more than 21 villages were subsumed under Coimbatore north taluk office in the city, which almost needed half a day's travel just to reach the spot.\"It is a great relief for people in our village, which is dominated by SC and ST people. We have to travel about 50 km to get our community certificates now, but once the new taluk office comes here in Annur, it will be just five km from our village. For any of the government schemes and also for community certificates, ration cards and other official documents, the people will be able to contact taluk offices,\" Karuppusamy added.The state government had decided to form two new taluks, Annur and Kinnathukkadavu, after taking into consideration the population density and total area. The total area of Annur taluk is 388.53 sqkm and the total population is 1,73,712. The farthest village from newly formed Annur taluk will be Sarkar Saamikulam, at a distance of 15 km, officials said.\"The decision to form two new taluks will reduce the workload on officials and will be of great help to the people. The district administration is presently engaged in several land acquisition projects in these areas and is facing difficulties carrying out the entire work because of the sheer magnitude and population of these areas,\" said M Karunagaran, district collector of Coimbatore.According to P Soundarrajan, former chairman of Annur town panchayat, the residents of more than 21 villages in and around Annur have wholeheartedly welcomed the government decision.\"Caste and community certificates, government special scheme disbursal and every other government- related issue can be sorted out from Annur itself,\" said Rani Soundarrajan, Annur town panchayat chairman.The new Annur taluk will have 30 revenue villages and 28 village panchayats in its limits. The area within its limits will be divided into Annur (north), Annur (south and Sarkar Samikulam). Two assembly constituencies, Kavundampalayam and Avinashi, and two parliamentary constituencies Nilgiris and Coimbatore will fall in the new taluk limits.The newly announced Kinathukkadavu taluk will be formed between the limits of Kinathukkadavu, Kovilpalayam and Vadasithur areas. Residents in these parts have to travel about 30 km to Pollachi taluk office at the moment. The proposed area of the taluk is 298.47 km with a total population of 1,03,880 with 35 revenue villages and 34 village panchayats under its limits. The farthest village from the taluk will be Veerappa Kavudannur in the new taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13091653", "title": "Two held for murdering techie", "text": "INDORE: The city police claimed to have solved the murder of a techie who was stabbed 30 times and left to die at Hira Nagar area, earlier this week. Two people were arrested in connection with the murder.Ravi Soni, a resident of Sukhalia and Anil Sharma (minor, name changed) of Lavkush Vihar Colony have reportedly confessed to killing the techie. The third accused Dipu Kala, a resident of Shyamnagar extension, is on the run.CSP Devendra police station Rajput said Anil was not happy with the friendship between his sister, who was married, and Manish Yadav. He reportedly warned Manish to avoid meeting his sister. But the deceased reportedly did not pay heed to his warnings. This irked Anil.On the day of incident, Anil had asked Manish to meet him at Maruti Nagar Crossing. Manish, anticipating trouble carried a knife with him and went to meet Anil. When they reached there, Anil stabbed him and in response Manish also took out his knife. But Anil's friends snatched it from him and Manish was stabbed at least 30 times. He was then left there alone to die.The deceased was the resident of Anudeshak Nagar. Police also claimed that Manish was in relationship with many married women in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094137", "title": "Saguni audio on Karthi\u2019s birthday", "text": "Handsome actor Karthi and Praneetha starrer, political satire Saguni directed by Shankar Dayal, is all set to unveil its audio on May 25th, on the occasion of Karthi's birthday.G.V. Prakash Kumar has composed the music for Saguni and the album has five tracks in it. Two of them are written by Na. Muthukumar, while the other lyricists Paramu, Vivega and Annamalai has scripted one each. Saguni casts Santhanam, Raadhika Sarathkumar, Prakash Raj, Roja, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Mumtaj and Nasser in the pivotal roles.Antony Xavier is producing Saguni under Dream Warrior Pictures banner and the technical crew of Saguni consists of cinematography by P.G. Muthiah, editing by A. Sreekar Prasad and story is written by debutant Shankar Dayal. Saguni is gearing up for the audio launch on 25th of May and the movie release date will be announced soon.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088966", "title": "Palande's security tighter than Dawood's brother", "text": "MUMBAI: Having learnt its lesson from murder accused Vijay Palande's escape bid, the crime branch is not taking any chances and is guarding him well.A carbon-wielding gunman, a constable known for body-building and at least half a dozen policemen have been deputed to guard Palande at all times. Besides, an extra police vehicle accompanies the vehicle in which he is being ferried. It makes him better guarded than even Iqbal Kaskar, don Dawood Ibrahim's younger brother.Sources said Palande has now joined the list of some dreaded gangsters who were provided high security. Kaskar, Abu Salem, Ejaz Pathan, gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli and Chhota Shakeel's sharp shooter Feroz Kokani were some criminals whom the police had provided high security. Police said most of these gangsters were provided security fearing attacks on them by rival gangsters.On April 10, while Palande was being brought by the crime branch team from Ratnagiri, he fled from custody as his jeep stopped at a traffic jam at Andheri. He was arrested six to seven hours later near Churchgate station. \"It's nothing unusual, we provide security as and when required. Palande has emerged as a dreaded criminal and even tried to escape from police custody, so there are several policemen to escort to him,'' said a cop.Palande, whose police custody ended on Thursday in the Karankakkar murder case, was produced before the Esplanade Metropolitan court on Thursday with tight security and was remanded to judicial custody till May 23. But before he was sent to judicial custody, the crime branch filed another application seeking police custody in the escape case registered at Andheri police station.Interestingly, the court slammed the police when they asked whether they could handcuff Palande. \"Why do you want to handcuff an accused in court? You don't even know the Supreme Court guidelines on the issue. And were your policemen sleeping when Palande fled from custody?\" the court asked on Thursday.Palande for the first time raised his hand in court, as if he wanted to say something, but he couldn't get the magistrate's attention.The court on Thursday remanded Palande and co-accused Manoj Gajkosh, Dhananjay Shinde and Simran Sood to judicial custody till May 23 in the Kakkar murder case. All four are also accused of killing businessman Arunkumar Tikku. An inquiry was ordered and two policemen including a police inspector Sanjay Shinde who was Palande's close relative was suspended for their negligence.Palande and his two associates were arrested when they fled away after killing Arun Tikku in Lokhandwala in Andheri last month. It was during their interrogations it was revealed that on April 5 they took Kakkar to a hotel in Lo-khandwala on March 5. At the hotel, while Shinde and he waited, Palande spiked Kakkar's drink. Soon after, Kakkar began to feel light-headed and asked Palande to drive him home in his BMW . After Kakkar fell asleep, they stabbed him, chopped his body and dumped it in the Kumbharli Ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088232", "title": "Pilots' strike: Air India stops international bookings till May 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: Crisis-ridden Air India has stopped booking for all flights to North America and Europe till next Tuesday (May 15) as the striking pilots of the erstwhile AI did not resume work despite a clear Delhi high court order. While the airline had asked the 293 pilots who had reported sick till Wednesday night to report to work by 10 am on Thursday, 12 more members of the Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) joined the sick bay during the day taking the figure up to 305.AI has now cancelled the Amritsar-Delhi-Toronto flight till the strike gets over. About 20 flights were cancelled on Thursday from Delhi and Mumbai to New York , Chicago , Frankfurt , Riyadh , Shanghai and Seoul , leaving hundreds of passengers stranded for the third straight day.While IPG, that's headed by Nationalist Congress Party MLA Jitendra Ahwad, made it clear they would not join work till their demands are met, the management further hardened its stand on Thursday - third day of the ongoing strike. It sacked 10 more pilots, after terminating services of 36 others earlier. But the strictest action it is planning to take is recommend cancellation of flying licence of 10 IPG office bearers under section 39 of the Indian Aircraft Act \"in public interest\".\"We have filed criminal contempt in Supreme Court against the striking pilots on the grounds that they are trying to prevent us from implementing an apex court order which said pilots of erstwhile Indian Airlines should also be trained for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. We will file civil contempt in the high court as pilots have not joined work despite a clear HC order,\" said an official.Aviation minister Ajit Singh , who will be briefing PM Manmohan Singh on the AI crisis on Friday, maintained that pilots must first resume work. \"We may face short term problems for some time (referring to a possible shutdown of international flights if pilots keep away from work). But we will do whatever is needed to have an international presence for AI in the long term. If pilots are not listening to court, will they listen to anyone else?\" Singh said indicating the government's firm backing to the stern steps that he has authorized the airline to take.There is increasing disquiet in the airline over an NCP MLA, who is not even an AI pilot, spearheading the attack from IPG side and leading to a crisis where the Rs 30,000-crore bailout package could come under a cloud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13091040", "title": "Jumbo deaths: Forest ranger suspended", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Armed with an administrative inquiry report, the state government on Thursday suspended a range officer in connection with the recent elephant deaths in Similipal national park. The range officer of Nawana (south), Urgasen Jena, was suspended for alleged dereliction of duties, said forest and environment minister Debi Prasad Mishra.Official sources said the government action was based on the findings of a probe conducted by the principal conservator of forests (wildlife), J D Sharma, into the alleged mass killing of pachyderms in Similipal.A group of wildlife activists had reported the deaths on Sunday, claiming they had found bones and remains of four elephants inside Similipal, which is also a tiger reserve, in Mayurbhanj district. Bhanumitra Acharya, one of the activists, had said they had on May 3 found carcasses of four elephants within one km radius in Ballykhal area of Nawana South range inside Similipal. \"We doubt field level forest staff were involved in disposing of the carcasses to suppress the mass killings,\" Acharya had alleged. Besides, in the last week of April, a forest department staff had found dead a female elephant in Pithabata range in Similipal.Of the five alleged deaths, Sharma said during inquiry he could confirm death of two elephants. \"Regarding the other three, the evidence available are not conclusive. We have to go for further examination and scientific analysis,\" Sharma told TOI. He said he has also suggested for raising a sniffer dog squad to deal with wildlife cases.Official sources said the probe has suspected that the elephants were killed with the culprits applying poison to salt licks used by the pachyderms. In his report, Sharma has said that 150 water sources and salt licks used by elephants inside Similipal were identified and lower level forest staff given the responsibility to monitor those, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086624", "title": "Catholic Syrian Bank hikes Foreign Currency Non Resident Account deposit rates", "text": "KOCHI: Taking the cue from ICICI Bank, Union Bank of India, State Bank of Travancore and others in the banking sector, private sector Catholic Syrian Bank has declared upward revision in interest rates on FCNR deposits in the range of 0.75% to 1.75%.According to the new rates, maximum interest rate for the US dollar will be 4.11%, while it will be 4.45% for the Euro with maturity period of 60 months. CSB also hiked rates for foreign currency deposits in Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc and the Australian Dollar.The hike is expected to result in significant inflow of foreign currency term deposits, the bank said. Last week, RBI had raised the interest rate ceiling on NRI deposits in foreign currencies by up to 3% to attract inflows. \"Interest rate ceiling on Foreign Currency Non-Resident FCNR (B) deposits of banks has been raised from 125 basis points (bps) (1.25 per cent) above the corresponding Libor or Swap rates to 200 bps for maturity period of 1 year to less than 3 years, and to 300 bps for maturity period of 3 to 5 years,\" RBI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089107", "title": "Supreme Court permits Subramanian Swamy to file plea against Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday permitted Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , who was one of the petitioners to question the irregular allotment of 2G spectrum in 2008, to file an application making allegations against home minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal.Under the monitoring of the apex court, the CBI is investigating the alleged role of former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran in forcing out the original promoter to facilitate entry of Malaysian firm Maxis into Aircel followed by alleged investments by the foreign firm in Sun TV, owned by the Maran family.Swamy informed a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan that the ongoing CBI probe into the Aircel-Maxis deal had a very \"narrow\" scope because it focused only on Maran's role in arm-twisting Aircel's owner to sell his stake to the Malaysian firm.Swamy alleged that the then finance minister, as chairman of Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), had cleared Maxis's takeover of Aircel even though the buyout of shares was beyond the permissible 74% cap. Swamy alleged that Maxis held 74% directly in Aircel besides having control over nearly 26% of the equity through a joint venture with Sunita Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089452", "title": "Infrastructure plan reduces breakdowns in Congress Nagar", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rs 115 crore infrastructure upgradation plan of MSEDCL for Congress Nagar and MIDC divisions has shown results this April, with number and duration of breakdowns, and the number of consumers affected going down. MSEDCL officials said that while most of the work is complete, a large percentage of the infrastructure is yet to be operationalized. \"This is expected to happen by May end. The real benefits will be visible after that,\" they said.The number of breakdowns in Congress Nagar division has reduced from 15 in 2011 to 13 in 2012. This excludes maintenance shutdowns and tripping for less than 10 minutes. Many consumers may not have felt the difference, as they consider maintenance shutdowns as load-shedding or break downs.The average duration of breakdowns has reduced from 37 to 32 minutes. Here too, maintenance shutdowns have not been considered. MSEDCL data shows that number of consumers affected by a breakdown has also significantly gone down.According to Prasad Reshme, superintending engineer of Nagpur Urban, two big transformers have been installed at substations to increase their capacity while work is in progress on another two. \"We have commissioned 107km 33KV cable and completed laying of another 39km. Around 72km 11 KV cable has been commissioned and another 10km has been laid. These include both overhead and underground lines.\"Reshme explained that these cables have increased the connectivity of substations with each other and with Mahatransco's substations. \"Additional EHV links have been provided to Chhatrapati Nagar, Sitabuldi, Amravati Road, Shankar Nagar, IT Park and Trimurti Nagar substations. Now, if a fault develops in one of the substations, we can feed power to it from another line more effectively.\"Residents of Sitabuldi, Dhantoli, Ramdaspeth and adjoining localities would be the major beneficiaries of this project. Sitabuldi substation had EHV supply from Mankapur substation and from Pardi. Now, it has also been connected to Besa EHV substation, giving it a third source.At LT level, MSEDCL has commissioned 278 distribution transformers, which has significantly reduced load on the existing ones as well as allowed the company to provide new connections.The breakdowns in April were significantly low but lower ambient temperature was a major reason. The interruptions in May have gone up with increase in temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087750", "title": "Another stay on work in Adani Special Economic Zone", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the Gujarat high court held all constructions at the Adani Port &amp; Special Economic Zone (APSEZ) in Kutch illegal in absence of environment clearance, the same bench on Thursday stayed construction activities in 7,000 hectare area. However, this halt order is conditional and temporary.A PIL was filed by advocate Hashim Qureshi claiming that the Kutch district collector on July 15, 2005, allotted 7,000 hactare land in a single day by passing 26 orders simultaneously for the purpose of development of SEZ.The first condition to be fulfilled was that construction was required to be completed within two years. However, no development activity took place and the company sought extension of deadline in September 2008.The state government had in February 2008, passed a resolution to resume the SEZ land back, if not developed within six months.Despite this resolution, the government granted three more years to complete construction activity on the allotted land.The PIL claims that when the petitioner identified as Shabbir Khalifa from Luni village complained about disregard to clauses, the district collector in July 2010 issued a formal notice to the company.After repeated reminders, the government issued a showcause notice to the company on March 5 last year asking why the land should not be taken back for breach of condition.The petitioner told the high court that the government had given grazing land to the company for industrial development, but the company has defaulted in filing its reply for its failure to develop the land. In such a situation, the land should be taken back and vested again in the name of villages.The bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala stayed all activities on the questioned 7,000 hectare land by June 22. On insistence of the company, the HC ordered that the stay is conditional to the company's reply to the showcause notice issued by the district collector in March last year.The government has been asked to take a decision on the company's reply within three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13086605", "title": "TP murder: RSS man's kin held", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Brother of an RSS worker was taken into custody on Thursday in connection with the killing of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan even as intelligence agencies alerted the probe team about a possible plot to eliminate Kodi Suni, prime accused in the murder case.Thayyil Sreejesh, who is running a chicken stall owner, was picked up from Makkuni near Panthakkal following the suspicion that he was aware of the conspiracy.In another development, police team probing the murder was alerted that there was a threat to the life of Kodi Suni as his arrest could lead to the wider conspiracy behind the killing. Suni is suspected to be the main link between the quotation gang and the political masters who operated from behind the scenes. An intelligence source said no written direction has been given to the investigating team \"but they have been alerted\".Suni has been moving around in different vehicles after he came out of jail. This created panic among RSS-BJP workers in Chokli, Paral and New Mahe areas who thought he was planning to mount an attack on their leaders.RSS leadership, however, maintained that Sreejesh never had any link with the organisation though his brother is a worker. A senior RSS leader told TOI that Sreejesh is an associate of a local CPM leader in Kottiyodi who was a suspect in the K T Jayakrishnan murder. He is also close to Kodi Suni. Police have also established that it was Rafeeq who hired the Innova. A cheque for Rs 32,000 and the agreement for renting the vehicle have been seized. Both documents bear Rafeeq's signature.A list of 12 people believed to be directly involved has been prepared. Seven of them were in the team that murdered Chandrasekharan and the rest facilitated the assault. Police teams are continuing search operations in the CPM strongholds to nab them.Meanwhile, CPI MLAs V S Sunil Kumar and E K Vijayan visited the house of Chandrsekharan on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088988", "title": "Iskcon temple priest booked for sodomy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four persons, including a governing body commissioner of Iskcon (International Society for Krishna Consciousness), have been booked on the complaint of a priest who has accused another priest of sodomizing him.While Iskcon termed the allegations false, the complainant alleged that senior society officials took no action on his complaint to them.In the FIR (TOI has a copy), the complainant has alleged that the other priest tried to have unnatural sex with him on the night of February 15, but he did not press charges after the temple maharaj intervened. However, on April 8, the other priest sodomized him in Kurukshetra. \"I sent a brief to the governing body but no action has been taken,\" the FIR states.Iskcon temple representatives dismissed the allegations. Brajendra Nandan Das, director, Iskcon, termed the allegations baseless.The police have registered a case under Section 377 (unnatural offences, voluntarily having carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal) and 511 (punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment) of the IPC, a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089776", "title": "International centre to be set up in Kolkata to tackle arsenic contamination in eastern India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday announced that it would set up an international centre to tackle arsenic contamination in Kolkata, with several parts of eastern India hit by contaminated groundwater.\"We are setting up an International Centre for Water Quality for the first time in Kolkata. This would be exclusively devoted to deal with problems relating to arsenic contamination, particularly in eastern parts of the country,\" rural development minister Jairam Ramesh told the Lok Sabha.An initial allocation of Rs 50 crore has been made for the Centre and as and when more resources are required, the government would expand it, he said.He said the only solution to the problem of arsenic in India is surface water. \"Today 85% of rural drinking water comes from ground water sources. That is a single biggest problem. Unless we move away to surface water, we will not be able to address the problems of water quality,\" Ramesh said.Arsenic contamination is a very serious issue in parts of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Assam as well as some other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087107", "title": "Mahindra &amp; Mahindra restores production", "text": "NASHIK: A day after the fire at its Nashik plant, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra on Thursday restored operations and rolled out around 200 units of Scorpio and Xylo vehicles. With the fire at the storage area of the plant where spare parts are kept destroying it, vendors chipped in by delivering the components.Company sources said the loss is estimated at around Rs 76 crore but they are yet to ascertain the cause of the fire.\"We had asked our vendors to deliver their consignments and they immediately supplied it, helping us to restore production of Scorpio and Xylo by over 60%. Our vendors did really a great job supplying materials promptly,\" a senior company official said. The company normally produces 324 units of Scorpio and Xylo vehicles daily in two shifts.Mahindra manufactures Scorpio, Xylo, Verito and Bolero vehicles in its Nashik plant. The production of Bolero was started in the second shift on Wednesday itself, while production for Scorpio and Xylo was suspended for the entire day. The company runs Verito unit in first shift only. The production is expected to be fully normal by Friday.The M&M;'s Nashik unit is in Satpur MIDC. The company manufactures around 500 units a day including 300 units of Scorpio and Xylo, 130 units of Bolero and 70 units of Verito. The company has around 2,800 permanent employees at its Nashik plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13090935", "title": "Filth afloat near Puri temple", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Drain water from an overflowing drain spilled near Jagannath temple on Thursday forcing visitors to wade through it to go to the temple. The drain water almost reached the Lion Gate sparking tension among priests. Municipality sweepers were soon mobilized to decongest the drain.\"Just like the clogged drain, the civic body has also become defunct. We have been complaining about the unclean drain since long but to no avail,\" said Satyanarayan Mohapatra, a priest. \"We were shocked to find the filthy situation outside the temple. It was inconvenient to walk through the waste,\" Chandan Ray, a devotee said.With Rath Yatra nearing, the poor condition of drains made the people angry. \"One can imagine entering the temple amid the unholy situation. The district administration should address the issue at the earliest,\" Dasarathi Mohanty, a Puri-based resident said.The issue of unclean drain, potholed roads and poor power supply dominated the first preparatory meeting of the forthcoming car festival at Puri recently.This year, Rath Yatra is on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091856", "title": "'My films are based on real life', says Lal Jose", "text": "Even as most hit films in Malayalam are branded as copies from other films as soon as they are released, director Lal Jose remains unperturbed.His films have escaped the accusation, mostly because they are based on real life, and nothing else. And that includes his latest outing, Diamond Necklace. \"The inspiration for the story has been the countless number of such youngsters whom I have come across in the Gulf, before the recession.The scriptwriter of the film - Iqbal Kuttippuram - too told me several such stories. Many of these youngsters even ended up in jail.\" It's not just in the Gulf, but youngsters in Kerala also have got caught in the credit trap, he points out. \"It's always the dream of the middle class to live the lives of the upper class.\"About charges of copying, he says, they are baseless. \"You might find similarities but they don't necessarily need to be copies. Malayalis are obsessed about this copying issue. Whenever a good film releases, they brand it as a copy of a European film. They just cannot accept that a Malayali has created something good. If you think about it, the story of Avatar is the same as that of our old Vietnam Colony. Does that mean they have copied from Vietnam Colony?\"The director is currently revelling in the success of Diamond Necklace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087637", "title": "Law student arrested in Sola hit-and-run case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A student of law, Vivan Shah, has been arrested by Sola police for running over a senior citizen on Wednesday near Thaltej Crossroads.At 11am, 60-year-old Nanji Vadaliya, a resident of Memnagar, was crossing the road when a car, heading from Thaltej to Sola, hit him. The impact was so severe that Vadaliya was thrown up in the air. Vadaliya sustained serious head injuries. The car driver sped away.However, after travelling a short distance the car stopped and the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled. Sola police rushed to the site after passersby reported the incident to the city police control room. However, before help could reach, Vadaliya breathed his last.Vivan, who studies law in the Nirma University, has told the police that he is now doing his internship under a senior lawyer at the Gujarat High Court. He claims that on Wednesday when the mishap took place, another car was right in front of his car.The other driver may have seen that the aged man was crossing the road. He took evasive action and took the car to the left and slowed down. Vivan mistook this as a gesture to allow him to overtake. When Vivan drew parallel to the other car, he saw that Nanji was right in front. He could not brake the car before it hit the old man.Sola police arrested him and produced him before a court in the evening. Vivan was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13092030", "title": "Six chain snatchers arrested", "text": "MYSORE: Close on the heels of solving 23 cases of chain snatching, Mysore police on Thursday detected another 21 cases by nailing down a gang of six youths from Mysore. The latest breakthrough comes as a big relief to police who were bogged down by a spate of chain-snatching incidents in the city.Recently, four women, including two senior citizens, were robbed of their gold chains in a back-to-back incident. The Thursday's arrests have shot up the detection rate (chain snatching cases) to 78%. Police commissioner K L Sudheer told reporters that of the total 64 cases reported this year, they have detected 50 cases by arresting 10 accused from three different groups.In March, Kuvempungar police had solved 15 cases reported between 2007 and 2012 by arresting two persons, including an autorickshaw driver. In early May, Lashkar police uncovered 23 cases by nabbing a PU student and a worker of a vegetable shop.The latest arrests were made by city crime branch police. Acting on a tip-off, the police led by CCB ACP Shashikumar arrested the accused. The gang with members in 18-20 age group had been active in the last six months. They took to crime to finance their lavish lifestyle. Besides booze, the gang used to splurge money on playing snooker and illegal betting. Two of them-- A S Lakshmisagar, 19, and S Balaraj Sandesh, 18 -- being good riders, had participated in motorcycle races in Shimoga and Madikeri. Another accused, identified as Chiranjeevi Prabhu, 19, was a cellphone thief. The other three accused are Joshua Premkumar, 18, Chandru, 18, and Mohammed Jahid, 20. CCB inspectors Sunil Kumar and Jayakumar said the accused used to operate in two groups of two members each. They used to meet at a snooker club in NR Mohalla to plan their crimes and share the booty.Except Chandru, an ITI student, the other five are school/ college drop-outs. DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti said the accused used to cover the rear registration number plates with white plaster before committing the crime. In a span of six months, they had targetted 17 women pedestrians, three motorists and one woman in front of her house. Police are also investigating to know the role of three pawn brokers who have allegedly received gold chains from the gang.JEWELS BACK TO OWNERSKuvempunagar police, who had recovered 360 gram jewellery worth Rs 9 lakh by arresting two accused in March, on Thursday returned the valuables to their owners at the city police commissioner's office here.The 12 women who had lost their gold chains in separate chain snatching incidents in Mysore reported between 2007 and 2012 were elated after getting back their prized possessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13091272", "title": "'Tree on bus stand road poses threat'", "text": "LUDHIANA: A tree standing in the middle of bus stand road opposite ESIC Hospital near Bharat Nagar Chowk has turned the stretch into an accident-prone area with several vehicles ramming it. Cloth merchant Yashpal Malhotra, who stays in Model Town and owns a shop in Field Gunj, said when he returns home in the evenings he often spots accidents caused because of the tree. \"There have been times when I have also just missed driving into it. The concerned authorities must act up so that human life is not lost,'' he said.Civil Lines-resident Dinesh Anand, resident of Civil Lines, said, \"Recently I saw a man on a two-wheeler crashing into the tree. Luckily he was not driving too fast so he escaped with minor injuries else he could have been killed. The tree is a big threat to people.''Manpreet Singh, a student from Dugri, said he also often rides on his motorcycle through the area. \"The tree is at a blind turn and so anyone who is unfamiliar with the stretch can be in danger. I have also met with an accident twice at the spot. Thankfully, I was not hurt. The municipal authorities should find a permanent solution to the problem before a serious mishap occurs,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13091598", "title": "Man stabs wife to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A man allegedly stabbed his wife to death in presence of his kids in wee hours on Thursday. The ghastly incident left the police puzzled over the likely motive as the relationship between the two appeared normal.The family members overpowered the accused and handed him over to the police almost immediately after the murder.The police said Om Prakash Kushwah allegedly murdered his wife Usha around 2.30 in the night. The family of accused, including his father Rajmal, who is said to be associated with BJP and four brothers, has three photo studios in the city, besides having agriculture land. It is a joint family living together in a building near the Karod locality.Police said the accused was married to Usha 15 years back and also have two kids from her, an eight-year- old boy Monty and two-year-old daughter Anshika.According to police, the family was asleep in their respective rooms when they heard screams from the room of Om Prakash. However, when the family members rushed to the room they found it locked from the inside and the two kids, Monty and Anshika crying loudly. Later, Monty opened the room, but it was too late as by then, Om Prakash had allegedly committed the murder of his wife.The family was shocked to see Usha lying in a pool of blood and kids rushing out to their grandparents. Omprakash's father, Rajmal called the police and handed over his son. The victim was declared dead on being taken to hospital.The accused is of violent nature and has been living separately for the past 10 years despite staying in the same building, the police said. His four brothers and father live together.Apart from running a photo studio in Karod, the accused had also worked for a news channel in the past.\"The family and the accused preferred to keep mum on reasons of the incident. Everything was normal till the family went to sleep.\"However, in the wee hours the accused reportedly took out a kitchen knife and inflicted several wounds on his wife's throat till she succumbed. \"A probability of an illicit relation either of the accused or of the victim cannot be ruled out as the reason for the crime,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092476", "title": "Airline forgets to load Neha Sharma\u2019s bags", "text": "While Air India flights continue to be cancelled thanks to the ongoing strike by its pilots, leading lady of Ekta Kapoor's Kya Super Kool Hain Hum Neha Sharma has undergone a different kind of ordeal.The actress who boarded an Air India flight to Goa on Wednesday, upon landing at around 10pm, discovered the flight authorities hadn't loaded her bags at all. Her luggage had been left to languish at Mumbai airport.A friend of Neha told Mirror, \"The nightmare did not end at that. Neha had to undergo a lot of formalities at Goa airport, which took her nearly an hour. By the time she reached her hotel, it was midnight.\"Despite several frantic calls to Mumbai airport authorities, the officials sent her bags not before Thursday afternoon. But the damage was already done. She could not report for the shoot scheduled for Thursday morning.Said her friend, \"Neha's shoot, which was at 7am on Thursday, went for a toss. Not only did she not have costumes that she was supposed to wear for the shoot, her accessories too were left in her bags. What could she do except stay holed up in her hotel for most of the time on Thursday.\"Neha sounded distressed when we called her. \"Firstly, the flight took off 40 minutes late. I had no costumes for my shoot when I landed in Goa. Though I did get back my luggage, I must say it was an ordeal.\" Balaji Motion Pictures CEO Tanuj Garg said, \"It's true. Neha's bags got left behind in Mumbai.\" When contacted, Air India spokesperson refrained from comment saying they needed a day to revert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088782", "title": "Governor orders probe into 56 crore dam project", "text": "MUMBAI: Governor K Sankaranarayanan on Thursday ordered a probe into the manner in which the irrigation department granted approval to the Rs 56-crore Kondhane irrigation project in Raigad district in blatant violation of norms prescribed by Raj Bhavan, as per constitutional provisions.Principal secretary (irrigation) Eknath Patil confirmed that he had received a communication from Raj Bhavan on the project. \"The governor has sought a report over the manner in which it was approved. We are submitting a comprehensive report to Raj Bhavan,'' Patil said.A senior irrigation department official said the approval violated guidelines prescribed by Raj Bhavan as per provisions of Article 371 (2) of the Constitution.Keeping in mind the governor's responsibility, as per provisions of Article 371 (2), between March 2009 and March 2012, he had issued specific guidelines for granting approval to new irrigation projects in the state.As per the Raj Bhavan guidelines, barring backlog districts, Amravati, Buldhana, Akola and Washim, no new irrigation project should be taken up unless essential. \"The governor has directed that priority to committed expenditure in the irrigation sector should not be diluted by taking up new projects... an exception could be made where the new projects are absolutely necessary for removal of a financial backlog,'' the official said.Under such circumstances, the official said, it was wrong for the state government to take up the Kondhane irrigation project.The irrigation department is already at the receiving end for enhancing the project's cost. When bids were called for the project, with a dam height of 30 meters, a tender was awarded for Rs56 crore to a Mumbai-based firm. But when the contract was finally awarded, the cost was enhanced to a whooping Rs328 crore.On the governor's guidelines, the official said, prima facie, it appears that the new norms were prescribed in view of the many pending irrigation projects. \"It was found that the balance cost of ongoing projects being executed by irrigation corporations on March 1, 2011, stood at Rs 75,366 crore. In view of limited budgetary resources, it was necessary to set priorities. If limited resources are spread thin over many projects, it will result in cost and time overruns. Under such circumstances, the governor had no option but to impose restrictions on taking up new projects,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087117", "title": "Netas, citizens support Godavari fast", "text": "NASHIK: A group of citizens and social workers went on a day's hunger strike on Thursday near Chopda Lawns, under the banner of Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch to protest against Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) releasing untreated sewerage into Godavari River.Taking into account the increasing pollution and water hyacinth in the river, the Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan Andolan Nyas, Manav Utthan Manch and other social workers and environment activists took the initiative of organising the stir.Citizens who wanted clean river were invited to join the volunteers of Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch in their protest and so were politicians but without their party's tag. The fast began at 10 am and the protestors said that they would be presenting a memorandum to the municipal commissioner at 5 pm. Since morning on Thursday, many citizens and some politicians registered their support by being present at the venue.\"This is the first step for a clean Godavari. If proper action is not taken by the administration we will protest again but very strongly,\" said Kishor Pardeshi, one of the volunteers of Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch.Pawan Kshirsagar (RPI), corporators Vikrant Mate (NCP), Tanaji Jaybhave (CPM) and Damodar Mankar (independent) joined in the protest and assured the volunteers of their support and effort for a clean Godavari.The protest was organised by Nishikant Pagare, Rajesh Pandit, Kishor Pardeshi, Sanjay Nikam, Jagbir Singh and Nitin Ruikar. The organisers said that every time political parties make promises for cleaning and beautifying Godavari. \"This time we asked them to endorse their views as citizens and as people's representatives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13093126", "title": "Nokia Siemens inks deal with Ruckus to resell Wi-Fi solution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN) has entered into an agreement with wireless systems supplier Ruckus Wireless to resell the latter's Wi-Fi solutions globally.The contract will enable NSN to offer Wi-Fi coverage as part of its comprehensive small cells portfolio.Communication services provider NSN will offer operators the complete line of Ruckus Wireless carrier-class Wi-Fi systems, including indoor and outdoor access points and controllers.\"With this agreement, we will be able to provide operators with Wi-Fi access and offload solutions right now for integration into their cellular networks,\" Nokia Siemens Networks Chief Technology Officer Hossein Moiin said in a statement.With relatively low deployment costs and long-term technology support from every smartphone, NSN expects Wi-Fi to become an integral part of the mobile broadband experience.\"Operators simply cannot inject capacity into their networks fast enough to address the mountains of data hitting their mobile networks,\" Ruckus Wireless President and Chief Executive Officer Selina Lo said, adding that as a result operators are looking to new solutions that combine carrier-class Wi-Fi with small cell technology.\"We can help operators relieve these pressures while scaling to support future mobile broadband services,\" Lo added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088944", "title": "Uniform fee for Patna University vocational courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has revised the fee structure of different vocational and self-financing courses and made it uniform for all the institutions.A decision to this effect was taken in the PU's academic council meeting chaired by vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh here on Thursday.Now, the revised fee structure for different courses would be Rs 36,000 for BCA (three-year course), Rs 45,000 for BSc in biotechnology and environmental science, Rs 60,000 for BBA and mass communications, Rs 15,840 for PGDCA, Rs 20,780 for MA (Music), Rs 24,000 for BA in social work, Rs 33,420 for BCom (Hons), Rs 60,000 for MSc in environmental science, Rs 36,000 for MSc in biotechnology, Rs 40,000 for MSc in biochemistry, Rs 54,000 for MCA, and Rs 36,500 for Master in Finance &amp; Control and MBA. The revised fee would be effective from the 2012-13 academic session.The academic council also approved the revised admission ordinance and regulations of all its postgraduate courses under semester system to be introduced from the next academic session. Now, the same would be sent to the governor's secretariat for its final approval. It also approved the panel of subject experts for new appointments and promotions of teachers by the university selection committee. The council further decided to set up a new department of herbal chemistry. Magadh Mahila College already has a PG course in this subject. It was also decided to accept the PhD thesis of a research scholar registered under a teacher of NIT, Patna, (now not under PU), for evaluation on the recommendation of the university's legal cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087758", "title": "Now, ministry of environment and forests clearance must for leases", "text": "PANAJI: Operators of leases of minor minerals, including basalt, sand and laterite, will have to submit an environmental clearance from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for grant of fresh leases or renewal in future.The mines and geology department issued a circular on Thursday announcing a change in the approval regime for leases of minor minerals, based on an order of the Supreme Court dated February 27, 2012.Referring to the order in SLP No 19628 of 2009 between Deepak Kumar &amp; Others V/s State of Haryana &amp; Others, the department stated that the lease of minor minerals, including their renewal, will be granted only after submission of ECs from MOEF. The existing leases can continue to operate. But those seeking to work new ones or secure renewal of existing ones, will come under its ambit.\"The order of the apex court will be in force till the government has its own legislation,\" said Prasanna A Acharya, director of mines and geology. \"Mining of minor minerals, though individually, because of smaller size of mine leases, is perceived to have lesser impact as compared to mining of major minerals,\" the apex court noted.But noting that quarrying activities have adversely impacted the environment, the court ruled that the activity should be brought under 'simpler but strict regulatory regime and mining plan, with provision for reclamation and rehabilitation of the mined out areas'. The states have also been directed to consider 'location of any eco-fragile zone(s) within the impact zone of the proposed mining area'.Taking cognizance of the failure of various states in implementing the recommendations for protection of the environment while allowing quarrying, the Supreme Court directed the states and union territories to make the EC mandatory for such activities in the river bed and other areas of less than five hectares.The court stressed the need for an effective mining plan, considering environmental issues and sustainable exploitation of resources. 'Sand mining, it may be noted, may have an adverse effect on bio-diversity, as loss of habitat caused by sand mining will effect various species, flora and fauna and it may also destabilize the soil structure of river banks and often leaves isolated islands,' the order noted.Various recommendations enforced in March, 2010, and Model Rules, 2010, framed by the Union ministry of mines have been ignored. The state governments have also been asked to consider incorporating the recommendations of a team constituted by the central government, including five hectares as the minimum size of a mine lease and a minimum period of mine lease for five years.A cluster approach to mines should be considered if smaller mine leases are operating currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13090931", "title": "Advanced placement exams", "text": "The AP or Advanced Placement exams are conducted by the College Board , the same organisation that conducts the SAT exams. Essentially the AP exams are college level courses that students take when they are still in high school. By taking these exams students get a more competitive edge when applying to colleges overseas. Also, a student may get certain college level classes waived by virtue of having AP exam scores. Although these exams are more US centric, they are recognised by several UK institutions as well. In fact, students applying to UK universities through the UCAS can get UCAS Tariff points by taking the AP exams.The maximum score that a student can obtain on the AP exams is 5 with the minimum score being 1. To get advanced college credit a student should have a score of 3 and higher. Do keep in mind that some universities ask for a score of 4 or 5 in order to get advance standing.\"USIEF Delhi has been offering AP tests for the past two years and found a growing demand. USIEF Mumbai is offering these tests for the first time in Mumbai. We are offering tests in six subjects only: Calculus AB, BC, Chemistry, Physics C, Mechanics and Magnetism, and Computer Science. We decided to offer the tests with a view to helping all students who want to take them since most schools do not offer them,\" says Sucharita Narayanan, regional officer, United States-Indian Educational Foundation.Adds, Renuka Raja Rao , country coordinator, EducationUSA Advising Services, \"At USIEF, we sensed increasing interest in recent years among high school students in taking the AP exams. Typically, these are students who aim high and seek admission into the Ivy League , prestigious Liberal Arts colleges or the public Ivies in the US. We also heard from some of our students that they had to travel long distances and go through a great deal of difficulty in finding a school that would allow them to take the AP exams at that school. EducationUSA at USIEF offers a broad range of services to students seeking admission to accredited US schools. We have been a SAT testing centre for decades. We decided to offer 24 options of the AP exams as a student-friendly measure and have been offering it since 2010 in Delhi. Last year, we added the PSAT tests and this year, we will add the ACT to the bouquet of student services. This is part of our efforts to support students in their quest for an American education.\"\"They save both time and money by taking these tests. It also helps them get an idea of how well prepared they are for the American system of education,\" adds Narayanan. Students can take AP exams to show their proficiency in subjects which they have not taken in high school.\"I am applying for a Bachelor's degree in engineering at US universities and at the IB level I did not take physics as a subject. Hence, I am opting for the AP exam in physics so that my application is more competitive for admissions,\" states Prateek Agrawal, an AP exam aspirant.\"The AP exams is a great way for me to get college credit when I apply to universities abroad. However, these exams are not easy and would take up a lot of my time,\" adds Shreena Mehta, another AP exam aspirant.The flipside of AP exams would be the preparation. Most schools don't teach AP exams and hence students have to prepare for the exams on their own.Advanced Placement International DiplomaIf students appear for five AP exams and get scores of 3 or higher in each of the exams, they can earn an Advanced Placement International Diploma. However, the choice of AP exams that a student can opt for are restricted and students have to take at least two language AP exams, one exam from world history, human geography or government and politics, one exam from math or sciences and finally one or two exams from other subjects such as economics, psychology, art history, and so on. Of course, getting this diploma is not going to be easy but having it will enhance your chances of admission to competitive schools such as Harvard, Stanford, University of Pennsylvania and so on.AP exams are not easy; but if you are a hardworking student who wants to make his or her application more competitive, it's in your best interests to appear for them.(The writer is an overseas education consultant)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bharat nagar", "code": "13091223", "title": "Nurturing the poet in him with thoughtful literature", "text": "Bharat Nagar: It is true the company of books moulds a man's personality and thought. And this fact is evident with Sumit Maini, a banker, who provide's his poet's soul the works of Bulleh Shah, Waris Shah, Shah Hussain, Baba Farid and other pinnacles of Punjabi and Hindi literature. The inspiration he has gathered from nurturing his interest would soon see the poet publish a collection of his 50 first poems in Punjabi and Hindi, he says.The 24-year-old usually pens down his thoughts on human relations, romance, satires and student life apart from some sufi poetry in Punjabi. Sumit has had the interest in poetry since he was a 12-year-old as it was then that he had penned his first poem. But, the thought to file his work and practise it professionally one day, came to him once he completed his intermediate schooling, says Sumit.Sumit says his writing was initially limited to Hindi, but when he joined Punjab Agricutural University for post-graduation in 2011, his encounter with the rich Punjabi literature inspired him to write in Punjabi as well. \"I later made it a habit to visit Punjabi Sahit Akademi and spend time at the library there,'' he adds.His life as a banker has been a busy one, but Sumit spares time for his writing regularly, trying to make it a life-long habit. Even at home, he has a small library of his own, comprising his selective literature. Sumit says he is a regular at the 'mushairas' and poetry conventions as that helps him learn from his seniors in the art.The compositions of Punjabi singer and lyricist Debi Makhsoospuri also count among Sumit's favourites, as the poet finds Debi's lyrics very meaningful. \"His writing reveals various truths about life,'' says Sumit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13087777", "title": "Andhra minister's son booked in land grabbing case", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: School education minister K Parthasaradhi is embroiled in a land grabbing controversy after police slapped a criminal case against his 22-year-old son and three others on Thursday on several charges. The Ibrahimpatnam police, who ignored the pleas of the complainant earlier, were forced to book cases after a local court directed them to do so.Cases under sections 420, 441, 208, 209, 210, 447, 465, 506 and 474 of IPC were registered against minister's son Nitin Krishna, Jasti Saibabu, Jasti Srinivasa Rao and Jasti Bhaskar Rao for grabbing the four-acre land of one Jasti Subbarao, who alleged that the minister had roughed him up. He also alleged that the cops did not lodge an FIR against the minister and his son despite his repeated pleas after the attack. Finally, Subbarao approached the court, which directed the police to immediately book a case against the accused. The minister, however, denied the charges and said he had 'purchased' the land in a legal manner.There was a legal dispute over the ownership of the four-acre land at Kileshapuram village in Jupudi panchayat in Ibrahimpatnam mandal between Subbarao and family members of Jasti Chalapathi Rao, who was the original owner. There was a virtual division in the family and they lodged complaints against each other. Chalapathi Rao married Seshagiramma, a widow, six decades ago. Seshagiramma has a son (Subbarao) from her first marriage. After marrying Seshagiramma, Chalapathi Rao married another woman and had three children. After the death of Chalapathi Rao a couple of years ago, the children started fighting for his properties.After the National Highways Authority of India had decided to lay a six-lane highway connecting Krishna and Guntur districts recently, the land rates touched the sky in Jupudi area, and the Jasti family feud also intensified. While one group of Jasti family approached Parthasaradhi, another group went to TDP leader Devineni Umamaheswara Rao for settlement. However, the minister jumped into scene and hurriedly got the entire four-acre land registered in his son's name. The minister showed Rs 1.4 crore as book value as against the local market value of Rs 8-10 crore. Nitin, who is the only son of Parthasaradhi, is pursuing engineering course in Delhi.After 'purchasing' the land, the minister fenced the land and deployed private guards for security. When Subbarao tried to enter the land claiming ownership recently, the guards roughed him up and warned him of dire consequences. After his pleas to save his land failed, Subbarao approached the fourth additional metropolitan magistrate with a complaint against the Ibrahimpatnam police and the minister. He said the police were not registering his complaint following pressure from the minister.Based on the court order, charges under section 420 (cheating), 447, 441 (punishment for trespass), 465, 474 (forgery), 506 (criminal intimidation), 208, 209, and 210 (fraud) have been booked against Nitin Krishna and three others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087602", "title": "Citizen's to have say in Goa's roadmap soon", "text": "PANAJI: The draft report of the 'Goa 2035' vision document was approved on Thursday by members of the Golden Jubilee Development Council in the presence of chief minister Manohar Parrikar .The council is headed by noted scientist Raghunath Mashelkar. The report, to be released in June, will be placed in public domain for two months for suggestions.Speaking to TOI, Mashelkar said, \"The draft has been approved unanimously finally and the function (to commemorate its) release will take place in June.\"He added that Parrikar, who was \"strongly supportive\" of the draft report, advised that it should be placed \"in a public domain\" for two months for suggestions.\"Only after this will the final report be accepted,\" said Mashelkar.The scientist added, \"This (final) comprehensive report will lay down the path for making the 'Goa 2035' vision document a reality.\"Sources said the thrust of the draft report is to improve conditions in Goa in such as way so that people living here feel it's one of the best places to be in.Sources in the state secretariat said the report focuses on various sectors and includes measures to increase the usage of Konkani, it being Goa's identity.It will also touch upon increasing employment opportunities to educated unemployed youth in the state.For this, information technology could be one of the main industries suggested as it would help reverse Goa's brain drain issue.Post Thursday's meeting, the draft report is expected to be fine-tuned and ready in a month's time. It will then be made available to the public in Konkani, Marathi and English, sources said.Over a year ago, the state government had constituted a 14-member high power council, comprising eminent personalities, to set the roadmap for the state.Last year on December 19, Goa's liberation day, the council submitted a preliminary report of 26 pages with seven dimensions to then chief minister Digambar Kamat with various recommendations.It had recommended that future mining in Goa should consider social and environmental carrying capacities and the government should look at alternative business opportunities like eco-tourism while rehabilitating exhausted mines.It had also advised the government to move away from beach tourism and create diversified tourism comprising adventure, mangrove-based eco-tourism, agriculture tourism, homestead tourism, health tourism etc.Thursday's meeting was also attended by Ashank Dessai, Madhav Gadgil, Charles Correa, Satish Shetye, Dilip Deobagkar, Ligia Noronha, Errol D'Souza, Manguirish Pai Raikar and the finance secretary. Parrikar has asked the council to suggest how the suggestions in the report can be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089474", "title": "VIDC too gets little bang for its bucks", "text": "NAGPUR: The affairs at Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) appear to endorse the claim made by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of a mismatch between funds spent on irrigation and infrastructure created with them. Irrigation ministry was headed by NCP's Ajit Pawar for over a decade before he was replaced by his close aide Sunil Tatkare in 2010.Two years ago, TOI had reported VIDC gold-plating its projects, with cost being hiked by 400% to over Rs 26,700 crore. This happened in a single year. It was pointed out that this would lead to projects getting delayed. The expenditure sanctioned was much more than yearly allocations. The budget allocations would fall short of the requirement with the likelihood of ultimately each project getting too less and contractors stopping the work for want of money.Two years down the line, the fears seem to have come true. This year VIDC has been allocated over Rs 2800 crore but work continues at a snail's pace including on the much-touted Gosikhurd dam which has been declared a national project. The delay further escalates cost.As Congress seems to be preparing to corner its partner on the issue, sources said certain private contractors have been approached to provide inputs for the white paper that the CM announced on irrigation projects. The issue of abrupt escalations like those in VIDC is likely to be included in terms or reference of the document.As TOI talked to contractors in VIDC they admitted that a drought of funds had held up the work substantially.VIDC's Executive Director Prafulchandra Zapke could not be contacted despite repeated attempts. However, officials in the agency call it a political issue. It is natural for the costs to increase over a period of time, said an official here. \"Work has taken a hit indeed, in Gosikhurd as well as other projects. There are many projects where almost 70% of the job is done but rest is held up or going on at a slow pace for want of funds,\" said Raju Athavale of M/s Preeti Builder. Athavale is also the chairman of Nagpur unit of Builders Association of India (BAI), a contractors' union.He said even as water lies in the reservoir of Gosikhurd dam it cannot reach the fields as smaller canals shooting off from the main line are not being built due to paucity of funds. \"Work in Bordi Medium project of Amravati and Ner Dhamna barrage in Akola has been stalled for similar reasons. Ironically, both the projects have been identified to be taken up for backlog removal under governor's directives,\" said a source in the joint venture (JV) company undertaking the job. The project is being implemented by a JV between SMS Infrastructure of Nagpur and D Thakkar and Co from Mumbai. In Ner Dhamna, the Central Water Commission had raised objections about the high cost. Both the projects will irrigate over 6,000 hectares each.The source the pendency of work is so much that even if financial backlog is removed, the physical backlog may remain as the cost would continue to escalate. Shirish Chakradeo of M/s Chakradeo Construction said VIDC is taking up those projects where irrigation potential is difficult and neglecting the easier ones. This is one reason holding up the projects with better irrigation potential although rehabilitation issues also cause delay, he said.Contractors admit that funds were short because the estimates were jacked up exorbitantly. Sources admit that the contractors paid a cut for the hike but are now in a bind as money was not being received in time. Complaints due to rivalry between contractors are also leading to funds getting stalled after an anomaly is pointed out to the authorities like CWC, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13088240", "title": "HUDA promises broken, city faces shortage of water", "text": "GURGAON: The city is reeling under acute water crisis despite the Haryana Urban Development Authority's (HUDA) repeated promises for augmenting the water supply and upgrading the distribution system. The rising mercury and long power cuts have only added to the residents' woes.Different areas of the city including the various DLF phases, Sushant Lok I, the HUDA sectors in new Gurgaon besides some colonies under the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon are facing acute water shortage for the past 48 hours, forcing the residents to depend on water tankers. The residents have now started complaining that tankers too are not being supplied regularly despite their numerous requests. The city's civic bodies have also not been able to address their concerns.Meanwhile, HUDA officials are busy blaming the power department for the existing water crisis. Officials hold poor power supply at the water boosting stations responsible for the situation. With up to 8 hours of power cut every day, many areas are getting only an hour's water supply. The residents of DLF Phase I and III, among the worst-affected areas, have to depend entirely on water tankers.\"Water supply in this part of the city was already less. The shortage has lasted for almost a week now. The supply is less because the area is located on a higher altitude. Water pressure is also quite low here. We have approached the concerned authorities but they seemed helpless because the supply from canal is affected,\" said Priyanka Seth, a resident of DLF Phase 1.The residents said that earlier they used to get 10,000 kilolitres of canal water from HUDA, however, the supply has reduced to almost 5,000 kilolitres. R S Rathee, president of the Gurgaon Citizen's Council, has also written to HUDA for the acute water shortage, badly hitting the DLF residents. \"The insufficient water supply in the the DLF areas is because of their high altitude. The Basai plant is having frequent power cuts. The HUDA canal water supply is insufficient,\" said Rathee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088009", "title": "Dara Singh encounter case: Court to decide Rathore's fate on May 16", "text": "JAIPUR: A local court completed hearing arguments in connection to the application of jailed BJP MLA Rajendra Rathore who had challenged his arrest in connection with the Dara Singh encounter case of 2006. The court has reserved the judgment and will pronounce it on May 16.Rathore on May 6 had moved an application at the district court terming his judicial custody after his arrest by the CBI last month as illegal. In his application, the MLA said there were no grounds for his detention and that he should be released.The court while extending the judicial custody of the former minister on Thursday, has given May 16 as the next date of hearing in the case. The court will decide if his arrest by the CBI is legal or not and on if he could be released.\"We challenged the arrest of Rathore since neither in the first chargesheet filed nor in the second, CBI has managed to give enough evidences to prove Rathore's role in the case. Thus, we requested the court to release Rathore,\" Rathores' counsel Ajay Kumar Jain.However, the court has already taken cognizance against Rathore on April 24 and trial in this case has already begun.Heavy rush of BJP leaders and supporters of Rathore were seen at the court on Thursday morning for the hearing. Rathore while talking to newsman claimed that he was innocent and has full confidence in the legal system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086796", "title": "Private hospitals want panel report to be scrapped", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala private hospitals association leaders would meet the chief minister on Wednesday to demand that the government should turn down the recommendations of Dr Balaraman committee. Labelling the committee report as one-sided, the association office-bearers would ask the government to moot an alternate commission to study the problems in the private health sector.The association, which met in Kochi on Thursday to review the panel's report, passed a resolution against the recommendations, the most important being a hike in the wages of nurses. Around 150 representatives of private hospitals across the state attended the meeting and expressed their protest against the panel report.The association has also decided to implead in the cases related to the revision of nurses' wages which are pending in the Supreme Court.\"If the government approves the committee report, we would have no other option but to hike the hospital charges which would increase the financial burden of patients. The committee has not studied the problems faced by hospitals in the private sector, so we would want the government to reject its suggestions,\" said Dr P K Muhammed Rasheed, president of the association, at a press conference after the meeting.All hospitals are paying minimum wages to nurses , and if any hospital flouts this rule the association will take disciplinary action against it, said Husain Koya Thangal, secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091499", "title": "Prithviraj and Kunjacko in Lal Jose's next", "text": "Lal jose's films have always received critical appreciation by both masses and critics alike. And he is well known for the story line he chooses. Prithivraj and Kunjacko Boban are doing the central characters of new film of Lal Jose after 'Diamond Necklace'. Reema Kalingal and Remya Nambeesan are the heroines in the movie. The film has been scripted by Boby and Sanjay. And Prem Prakash is the producer of this film. However, the name of movie is not yet fixed.And this time what this trio is going to present us with, is worth a wait !Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13091683", "title": "Commercial Tax department to start survey of wedding halls, caterers", "text": "INDORE: The city has only 37 marriage halls and eight caterers registered with the commercial taxes department as against the 400 marriages halls and 300 catering firms. The taxmen are now identifying the caterers and marriage hall owners to check for tax evasion and finalise tax liability on them.The marriage halls and caterers have been brought under the ambit of service tax since April 1 last year.The department has now decided to start a survey from May 14 for preparing a list of the marriage halls and caterers. Their income would be checked and tax liability would be finalised accordingly.Meanwhile, the owners of marriage halls and caterers, who pay tax regularly, alleged that the laxity on the part of the officials led to delay in tax collection.Raju Bhati who has recently launched 'Khush Jayaka' to meet requirement of high end customers in the city said the state government must be considerate while imposing the tax on the caterers.The commercial taxes department has decided to carry out door-to-door survey to prepare the list of the marriage halls and caterers in the city. \"It is quite strange that the commercial taxes department has not acted since the orders last year,\" said a marriage hall owner.However, commercial tax department will begin the survey on May 14 and it will continue till May 23. During the survey, the firms that had an annual income up to Rs 5 lakh will be served notices.\"Though the ceiling has been raised to Rs 10 lakh for the fiscal 2012-13, it will come into effect at the end of the current financial year only,\" said an official of the department.Talking to ToI, DN Sakhyawar, deputy commissioner, commercial taxes department, said they have already devised a way how to bring the prospective marriage halls and caterers under the tax net. \"For this, we have formed ward wise team of officials for every circle, he said. There are a total of 15 circles in the city at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "harnam nagar", "code": "13091260", "title": "Taranpreet pulls and drives single-handedly", "text": "Harnam Nagar: Taranpreet Singh Randhawa of Harnam Nagar loves playing cricket and as he swings his bat to try a six, it does not matter that he has only one hand to play with. Watching him play not only impresses cricket enthusiasts but also floored members of Kings XI Punjab as he met them recently at Mohali with other members of Rising Star Disabled Cricket Team of Chandigarh, for which he plays.A graduate in computer application, the 23-year-old said he was born without his right hand but his physical disability could not ground his dreams. \"Cricket fascinated me since childhood and I fostered the desire to be on the field. Initially it was very difficult but my elder brother Jaspreet understood my dream and started playing with me. He became my coach and guided me till he left for Canada. Now, I play in national tournaments with the cricket club and get a lot of appreciation. Recently our team played in Lucknow,'' he said.Bubbling with excitement on meeting and playing with Kings XI players Piyush Chawla , David Hussey , Mandeep Singh and Shaun Marsh , Taranpreet said they spent a lot of time with his team before their IPL match. \"We even played a friendly match with them. To play cricket with international players was a wonderful experience for me. I will never forget that day... They even shared tips on how we can improve our skills,'' he said.Taranpreet said he has approached many cricket coaches in Ludhiana to hone him for international level, but no one has been willing. \"The state government should promote cricket for the physically challenged so that they can also follow their dreams,'' he said.Praising his son, Harpal Singh said they never feel Taranpreet is physically challenged. \"He is very independent and has the grit to achieve whatever he sets his heart on. He can ride a cycle, drive a car and of course play cricket very well,'' said Harpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13091869", "title": "Special US envoy on energy to travel to India next week", "text": "WASHINGTON: A top American diplomat on energy issues would travel to India next week to discuss several broad themes, including emerging trends in the global energy economy and helping India address its challenges in the energy sector.In his first trip to India in this capacity, the Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs Carlos Pascual will travel to Delhi and Mumbai, from May 14 to 17 to meet with Indian officials, energy industry experts, and members of civil society.\"India is a vital and growing actor in world energy markets,\" the State Department said in a press statement.\"On this trip, Pascual will engage with the Indian government, private sector, and civil society on several broad themes, including regional energy security in South Asia , the next steps for India and the United States on unconventional gas, energy access, the UN initiative Sustainable Energy for All, the development of power markets, and emerging trends in the global energy economy,\" the State Department said.The announcement in this regard was made by the Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, in an interview to the CNN while she was in New Delhi early this week.She said she is dispatching her senior aide to India for talks with Indian officials on Iranian issues.\"We are working with them to help them in any way that we can offer technical assistance, and next week my energy coordinator, Ambassador Carlos Pascual, will be here in India with a team of experts,\" Clinton had told the CNN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088064", "title": "Man rapes Delhi-based girl for months in Jaipur, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A Delhi-based girl who had come to Jaipur to work in an event management company in 2011 was allegedly raped by her boss for months. The man even got her abortion done when she became pregnant.Though the victim Seema Sharma (22) kept quiet for six months as the accused had promised to marry her, but when she felt she was merely being misled, Seema along with her family approached Lal Kothi police station on Wednesday and lodged a case of rape against one Salman Khan, an event coordinator. Police arrested the accused on Thursday from his rented house in Sodala.\"The victim, in her FIR, stated she came to Jaipur in January 2011 and started working for an event management firm. In later course, she met the accused Salman Khan (22) and both became friends. Later, during a party the accused drugged Seema and raped her,\" said Har Chand Meena, station house officer of Lal Kothi police station on Thursday.Quoting the FIR, the officer said despite the accused being married and his divorce case pending in a court, he claimed to be unmarried.\"The girl continued physical relationship with the boy after he promised to marry her. In November 2011 when the accused failed to fulfill his commitment, Seema went back to her Rohini-situated house in Delhi but kept calling the accused to marry her,\" said an officer.When the accused was informed that Seema was pregnant, he went to Delhi and after winning confidence of the girl's family he got her pregnancy terminated at a private clinic there, police added.Despite that the girl believed he will marry her some day. It was only after a while that the girl came to know that he (the accused) was a married man and his divorce case was pending in a court. The girl has also stated the accused took her to Mumbai, Chandigarh and Jammu for various events in the last one year.\"The victim met up with accused's wife Neha (24) and both the women came to the police station and lodged an FIR on Thursday evening,\" said an officer.Based on the FIR, the police have arrested Salman Khan for rape and illegal termination of pregnancy.Police added the accused hails from Barmula district of Jammu and Kashmir and lives in a rented accommodation at Sodala. \"We also recovered pictures of many other girls from his cellphone and questioned them if they, too, were raped. None of the other girls have lodged any case so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088729", "title": "Tihar jail: 37 inmates finish spoken language course under ' teach india' campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amit Saxena encourages his teacher, Brij Sanan, to deliver his speech in English. \"Say it in English. We can understand now,\" he shouts out. Jail no 3 in the Tihar complex hosted a convocation ceremony.On Wednesday, 37 \"learners\" - four convicts and 33 under-trials, all men - were awarded certificates on completion of their spoken-English course - a part of Times of India's Teach India initiative.The first round of what is set to be a more regular programme taking place in cycles, started on January 16. The combined roll strength of two batches at the start was 75 but inmates have been bailed or moved since.They are in for different reasons - \"You name a crime, you'll find a learner in for it\" says one policeman - including kidnapping, murder, extortion. The Teach India programme in general is geared toward making youths employable by not only polishing their language skills but also social ones - covering dress code, ways of greeting, introducing oneself and posture. At Tihar, it was introduced keeping its placement cell in mind.Saxena, 35, has spent over eight years as an undertrial in Tihar. In that time he completed a Master's degree in Public Administration and is the lead singer in Tihar's band, Flying Souls, which performed at the ceremony.And the English course will now enable him to \"face the market.\" \"When we go out, we'll have more chance of getting a marketing job,\" he says, \"Everyone wants a marketing job.\"\"I can be a supervisor,' says Sanjay Kumar, 35, thoughtfully, adding after a beat, \"Or get into marketing.\" He's been in Tihar for 11 years; he has collected a bachelor's degree in History and a Master's in Social Work.\"I did all that in Hindi medium. The course has taught us English, of course, but it has also taught us how to face interviews, what our postures ought to be and how to communicate best,\" he says.\"The first two-three days, I was pretty apprehensive,\" says Noni Jolly who came all the way from Dwarka to teach. She was one of five volunteer teachers taking the two classes at Tihar. The others were Sanan, Genevieve Mascarenas, Nandini Kalia and Himanshu Vyas.As Jolly and Sanan share their experiences - Sanan is especially pleased with the results - learners trooping into their cells stop by to thank them. \"Thank you. We will remember this for the rest of our lives,\" Sarfaraaz, 27, tells Jolly.\"They've been very cooperative, very respectful. All my apprehensions vanished soon,\" she says.\"During the course a learner told me he'd got bail,\" says Sanan in his address, \"I congratulated him. He wanted my number. I gave it to him. We'll be there for [them] even after [they] come out. Learners are here to go out and live as good citizens.\"\"We have made education a central theme of reformation. The first step is to give them education and opportunity to study ahead,\" says DG Prisons, Neeraj Kumar.Sandeep Singh (\"Guddu\"), 28, a convict incarcerated for over four years and a very active participant in the jail's reformation efforts, introduces Raju Kumar, 24, as \"a zero-to-hero case.\"Raju's been in jail for six years. \"I couldn't even form sentences in English. After I get out, this course will help me get a job,\" says Raju in English as Sanan looks on proudly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088426", "title": "Despite hiccups, Mumbai University confident of timely results", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as teachers continue to stay away from assessment of papers, the University of Mumbai has projected that the TYBCom results will be out by the end of this month as a large portion of the correction work is over.Sample this: of the 5.04 lakh TYBCom answerbooks, 3.56 lakh have already been assessed as on Thursday. Besides, the evaluation of TYBSc answerscripts is nearing completion as 93% of the work is over (see box).Buoyed by this trend, the university seems confident that the TYBCom results will be declared within the 45-day deadline as stipulated by the Maharashtra Universities Act.This, though, is in sharp contrast to the university's inability to declare the results on time in previous years even though it did not face any boycott of assessment by teachers. In fact, last year, it took over 100 days to announce the TYBCom results, missing the deadline by several weeks.However, not everybody seems convinced.Tapati Mukhopadhyay, general secretary of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Union, said: \"No standards and procedures have been followed. The manner in which assessment has been done this year will cause a serious damage to students' careers.\" Her statement is based on the feedback she has received from her colleagues.Some senior teachers who were boycotting assessment started evaluation and moderation work on Thursday, only to find several discrepancies in the manner in which papers had been corrected.\"In a 60-mark paper, most moderators are seeing a discrepancy of about 20 marks,\" said Mukhopadhyay.A commerce teacher TOI spoke to said every paper that he moderated on Thursday had a difference of at least 22-25 marks. \"Usually, there is a difference of 2-3 marks in the scores awarded by a paper corrector and that of a moderator. But this time, a student who was awarded 24 marks scored 50 after moderation,\" he added.However, university officials rubbished claims of a huge difference in scores. \"There is a model paper and a marking scheme to refer to so that there is standardization in the scoring pattern.\"Apart from this, teachers have been asked to evaluate 30 papers of 100 marks a day and 40 papers of 60 marks a day to be eligible for the daily allowance. \"We are paying evaluators and moderators immediately after their work as advances have been released to all the assessment centres,\" said Subhash Deo, director of examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089074", "title": "Three held for burglary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people were arrested for their involvement in a burglary in Safdarjung Enclave, police said. The accused, Manoj Kumar Rawat (21) Bijender Singh (25) and Pramod Gupta (22), were held on Wednesday within 24 hours of the incident.Articles worth Rs 20 lakh were recovered, police said. \"We had received a tip-off. Based on that we raided their hideout and arrested the accused people,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP south. The incident came to light after one Dharampal Maini and his daughter filed a police complaint regarding the burglary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13091620", "title": "BJP, AJSU name Hatia bypoll candidates", "text": "RANCHI: Two alliance partners of the BJP-led coalition government in state announced names of their candidates for the forthcoming Hatia bypoll. While BJP retained its old candidate Ram Ji Lal Sharda, All Jharkhand students union (AJSU) once again fielded Navin Jaiswal for the poll. Both the candidates had contested the general election in 2009 on their respective party tickets.While Sharda finished at the second place behind Congress candidate Lal Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo by a margin of less than 100 votes, Jaiswal had clinched the third place, though with a huge margin. BJP state election committee has sent a list of 17 names to the central leaders, of which Sharda the former minister in erstwhile Babulal Marandi-led BJP government was selected as the final choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13091584", "title": "Pre-PG counselling for medical colleges from May 15", "text": "BHOPAL: Online pre-PG counselling for admission to government and private medical colleges of the state will start from May 15. The process of counselling will be completed in three phases by June 30, says an official spokesman on Thursday.Minister of State for Medical Education Mahendra Hardia reviewed preparations for pre-PG counselling on Wednesday. The preparations for online counselling have been completed. Work of scrutiny will also be done at medical colleges, spokesman added.For government autonomous medical and dental colleges, registration will be made from May 15 to 21 while scrutiny is to be organised from May 16 to 22. Preference and choice filling by candidates for courses and colleges will start from May 16 to 22 whereas seats allocation on May 24 and joining of the colleges to take place from May 24 to 31 in the first phase, spokesman said.According to spokesman for private medical and dental colleges, registration will be made from May 24 to 26, scrutiny from May 25 to 31, preference and choice filling by candidates for courses and colleges from May 25 to 31, seats allocation on June 2 and joining of the colleges from June 3 to 8 in the first phase.In the second phase of counselling, registration of government, autonomous medical, dental colleges and private medical and dental colleges will be made from June 12 to 14. Scrutiny will start from June 12 to 14, preference and choice filling by candidates for courses and colleges from June 12 to 14, seats allotment on June 16 and joining colleges from June 17 to 21.In the third phase of counselling for government, autonomous medical/dental colleges and private medical/dental colleges, preference and choice filling will be made by the candidates for courses and colleges from June 12 to 14, seats allotment on June 16 and joining in colleges from June 23 to 24, seats allotment on June 25 and joining in colleges from June 25 to 27.In any case, seat allotment against vacant seats in autonomous or private colleges will be made from the waiting list and joining will have to be made on June 30, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13089407", "title": "Irritated by cattle loss, villagers try to take on tiger", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Panic stricken villagers of Tekadi, located on the border of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, on Thursday morning tried to tackle a full grown tiger on their own. Aggrieved by the loss of their cattle killed by tigers, a group of villagers rushed to a tiger and tried to drive away the beast from the kill. However, timely intervention of local forest officers prevented any untoward incident.A tiger from TATR killed a bullock on the bank of Irai river close to Tekadi village on Wednesday night. The beast then dragged its kill to thick shrubs and devoured over it. After villagers learnt about the incident tension gripped the village. Twelve villagers went out in search of the kill and found the tiger sitting over it.\"Even as small mob had gathered around, the tiger continued to devour its kill. Some people even tried to drive the beast away. But, team of foresters reached the spot in time and pacified the villagers,\" sources in forest department said.RFO Rautkar pacified the villagers. Later a rapid response team from Chandrapur forest division and police squad from Bhadrawati was also rushed to the spot. Through public address system the villagers were asked to go back to the village and the tiger was driven back into jungle by making 'haka' (din).\"Tiger is safe and we have made all arrangements for its protection. The villagers might have dared to go close to tiger out of fear sycosis, however no untoward incident took place,\" said DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar. He suspected that tiger could have came for water in Irai river and killed the cattle that was present at the water body.RFO Rautkar claimed that they have made all arrangements for monitoring the tiger's movement. \"The cattle kill is on the same place. We have mounted four camera traps around the kill to monitor the tiger. A machan has also been built close to the spot to keep a watch over the tiger,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088840", "title": "Govt clears for 3 key bills on education", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cabinet on Thursday cleared three crucial legislations in the education sector, allowing for mandatory accreditation of higher educational institutions, setting up innovation universities as hubs of excellence in research and innovation, and the copyright bill.The National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill, 2012 will improve the quality of higher education in the country as it will make accreditation of higher educational institutions mandatory and provide for an institutional structure for registering, monitoring and auditing accredit-ing agencies.The cabinet also cleared the Universities for Research and Innovation Bill that provides for establishment and incorporation of universities for research and innovation which would be at the forefront of making India a global knowledge hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089613", "title": "US doctors to help pediatric care at Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education &amp; Research", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A pediatric cardiac team from Columbia Presbyterian and Weil Cornell Medical Centre, New York, is visiting Advanced Cardiac Centre (ACC), PGIMER, to help build a pediatric cardiac program at the institute.The team consisting pediatric cardiac surgeon, pediatric cardiologist, pediatric echo cardiographer, pediatric cardiac anesthesiologist, pediatric cardiac intensivist, pediatric cardiac perfusionist and pediatric cardiac ICU nurses is here for a week. The visiting team is being supported by Children's Heart Link, Minnesota.Major objective of the collaboration is to develop and maintain quality pediatric cardiovascular services at the PGIMER, providing cardiovascular services to needy children and sharing knowledge and technical skills to improve overall services.The long-term collaboration with the Children's Heart Link's medical team will help in providing training to PGI staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092182", "title": "From an actor I\u2019ve been turned into a pin-up boy: Shahid", "text": "Shahid Kapoor tells us why he is hungry for some action nowIn your next film Teri Meri Kahaani , we get to see you in three avatars. And also for the first time as a Muslim man Javed Qadri...It all happened rather casually. Kunal (Kohli) had a few completed scripts. He told me about this idea and I loved it. People talk about Janam Janam Ka Saath, this film depicted it. I however had reservations against doing a reincarnation film. Kunal assured me that it would be a romcom. I found that interesting. (pauses) And yes, I play a Muslim character for the first time in my career. The story is set in pre-independence India. It's the year 1910, in a village outside Lahore . Javed Qadri is a badtameez, ladkibaaz and besharam man. He uses his sher-o-shayari as pick-up lines. It was exciting. Also, I wanted to play a Muslim character for the longest time since I my mother is Muslim.There were stories about Priyanka Chopra and you refusing to work together in the film. Also, once the film started there were rumours about friction on the sets... (Thinks) But Priyanka was the best person for the role. I was already doing the film and Kunal felt that she suits the character perfectly. She liked it and came on board. During the making of the film we never really had any awkward moment either. During Kaminey, we had a lot of fun. And we had just eight scenes together in that film. In this, it's just us. I am glad we did it.You are an extremely involved actor...Yaar main Mausam mein bhi bahut involved tha. Ab nahi involve hona. (Laughs) Well, I am passionate about my work. There had been times when I have not enjoyed a film since people have not put enough effort. God has given me so much. Mehnat karna is the least I can do.Is there stiff competition between Ranbir Kapoor , Imran Khan and you?I like both of them. And though we are the same age, I came in the industry three years before them. They are fortunate enough to have the kind of background they do. My dad is a part of the industry but he had never been mainstream. Coming back to Ranbir and Imran, it's good to see their films and go back and work harder.Your current unemployment have been the talk of the town...After Mausam, I decided to do three films in a year. I completed Teri Meri Kahaani and found out that my director Maneesh Sharma has broken his back. So now, that film will go on floors only in July - August. I realised I was unemployed. But the good part is that I have met a lot of people and am lining up my next projects.So which films are you planning next?There's two - Yash Raj Films' project to be directed by Maneesh Sharma and Bejoy Nambiar's film to be produced by Mubbian Rattonsey, the co-producer of Kaminey. Prabhu Deva and you have been discussing an action film...Prabhu Sir and I are still talking. It will be a hard core action film but we haven't locked on anything concrete.And Siddharth Anand's film?We're good friends and meet twice a week. We are keen on working together but haven't decided on anything as of now.Your birthday party made a lot of noiseThere is one man to blame - Atul Kasbekar. He turned me into a calendar boy. It was a pool party and everyone wore swimsuits. But the pictures went viral and that made the entire thing look quite different. It was all in fun. There were 30 people in the pool at midnight. And I cut my cake in the pool.Then you were linked with Nargis Fakhri.Honestly, I don't know what to do. Just because I hang out with someone doesn't mean I am dating her. I barely know Nargis. It's wrong to just link her up with me.Ever since your break up with Kareena you've been linked with a string of heroines. How does that make you feel?Being a guy, I feel that I can deal with it. But it is embarrassing for the girls. I have never spoken about these since I only talk when I am in a relationship.People used to call you arrogant. But you seem to have changed...I was shy. My friends used to tell me that I should talk to people or else they will think I am arrogant. I made an effort. And now, people have started understanding me.Were you skeptical about Kunal's film since his last project didn't do well? Meri bhi last film nahi chali yaar. I may work with a filmmaker who has made a blockbuster. But his next two projects may flop. I work with people because I believe in their ability. Relationships shouldn't be based on success or failure. Just have faith. Hits or flops will happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087646", "title": "GMC under lens for medical waste burning", "text": "PANAJI: Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) will submit a detailed report on the waste management systems at Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, after its officials held an inspection at the premises on Wednesday.\"The board will examine the lapses in the context of a signed protocol for handling bio-medical wastes and suggest measures for improvement,\" a source said.The issue was first discussed on April 27. Deputy collector Mahesh Khorjuvekar held a meeting with health department officials after Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN) had complained to him about burning of waste at GMC complex.But as GSPCB officials were not taken on board, an inspection was scheduled on Wednesday. Scientific assistant Chaitanya Salgaonkar, engineering assistant Vincent Quadros and field assistant Luiza D'Silva along with health services director Dr Sanjay Dalvi, GMC medical superintendent Dr Rajan Kuncolienkar, Dr Kedar Raikar, health officer, Corlim primary health centre; and Roland Martins of GOACAN were present.The team inspected the abandoned quarry, where the burning of waste still continues. It also found evidence of burning of medical waste in an open space behind the incinerators. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089219", "title": "India steps into Philippines-China spat over South China Sea", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Philippines braces for anti-China protests on Friday, India has stepped into the hottest South China Sea dispute to counsel restraint.In an unusual statement that signals India's growing interests in South China Sea, the MEA on Thursday weighed in on the growing dispute between China and the Philippines. Admitting Indian concern about the events, the MEA spokesperson said, \"Maintenance of peace and security in the region is of vital interest to the international community. India urges both countries to exercise restraint and resolve the issue diplomatically according to principles of international law.\"India not only has a growing presence in oil and gas exploration off Vietnam in the South China Sea, there has been an Indian presence in helping to keep the sea lanes safe and open for some time now. Besides, India is also signaling to the Southeast Asian nations that it remains engaged about the issues that concern them.According to reports, over 1,000 people are expected to protest in Manila on Friday against what the Philippines calls a sovereignty dispute over a set of islands. While, China calls them Huangyan Islands, the Philippines calls them Scarborough Shoal. This week Beijing has asked Manila to ensure security of its citizens, asked its citizens to stay indoors, etc.The People's Liberation Army Daily, the official voice of Chinese military, has also published a commentary on Thursday titled, \"Never Expect to Take Away Half an Inch of China's Territory.\" It said, \"We never tolerate any unreasonable embarrassment with blind patience, not to mention that the issue matters for China's territorial integrity, national dignity, and even social stability.\"For anyone who tries to snatch the sovereignty over Huangyan Islands, not only will the Chinese government not agree; the Chinese people will not agree; and the Chinese army will not agree.\"In early April, Filipino naval forces intercepted eight Chinese fishing vessels in the disputed islands, boarded them and forced China to back off. It was then seen to be part of China's new aggressive policy in the region. But things heated up last week, when China asked the Philippines to withdraw all its vessels from the island.Any conflict in that region would affect Indian economic interests. But equally, China has been commenting on issues that New Delhi considers its own bilateral ones - like Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari's recent whistle-stop India visit. And, India's commentary on the South China Sea issue has to be seen in that light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13091557", "title": "Statistical highlights of Rajasthan Royals-Chennai Super Kings IPL match", "text": "JAIPUR: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings.# Ravindra Jadeja is the first Chennai bowler to bag 10 wickets in the IPL 2012 at an average of 20.80 in 13 matches.# Suresh Raina is the leading fielder with most catches in the IPL - 38 in 75 matches.# Siddharth Trivedi, with 11 wickets at 27.18 runs apiece in 11 matches, is the top wicket-taker for Rajasthan in the present competition.# Murali Vijay has been a complete failure in the present tournament, averaging 10.75 - his runs' tally being 86 runs in eight innings, including two ducks.# Faf du Plessis (385), Raina (288), Bravo (246) and Dhoni (235) are the top run-scorers for Chennai in the present tournament.# In his last 13 innings in the IPL, Suresh Raina is without a fifty.# In 13 matches only four half-centuries have been recorded for Chennai Super Kings in the IPL 5 - 3 by Plessis and one by Badrinath.# Ben Hilfenhaus (4-1-8-2) has registered an economy rate of 2.00.# Praveen Kumar had also recorded an economy rate of 2.00 in the present tournament - 4-0-8-0 for Kings XI Punjab against Bangalore at Bangalore on May 2.# Hilfenhaus has fetched his first Man of the Match award in the IPL.# Chennai have won six and lost six out of 13 played in the present competition (NR 1).# With 13 points, Chennai Super Kings are placed fourth in the Points table after Delhi (18), Kolkata (17) and Mumbai (14).# Chennai Super Kings have won seven games and lost four out of eleven played against Rajasthan Royals.# Rajasthan Royals (126/6) equalled their lowest total against Chennai Super Kings in the IPL. At Centurion, they had registered 126 off 19.3 overs on April 30, 2009.# Rahul Dravid completed his 2,000 runs in Twenty20 - 2002 at an average of 29.01 in 82 games.# Yo Mahesh (2/21) posted his best bowling figures in the present competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087655", "title": "Power supply set to get off line, go underground", "text": "PANAJI: Taking the underground power cabling efforts of former governments to their logical end, the new government has decided in-principle to ensure that the entire state benefits from the same before its five-year term is up.At a recent meeting with officials of the electricity department, power minister Milind Naik asked that the proposal to cover the entire state be studied for all possible hurdles and their solutions. \"We discussed and approved in-principle the proposal to lay underground power cables across the state. The department has been asked to work out all the modalities. Work on this detailing should start next month,\" Naik told TOI on Thursday.He stressed that underground cabling will solve a majority of the department's problems, especially power supply interruptions and shutdowns.\"Our aim is to complete at least 60% of the work within two years, and before this government's term ends we would like underground cabling of the entire state to be completed,\" said the Mormugao MLA.Underground cabling in parts of Goa has been one of the most significant achievements of the power department in the last few years.The department has spent 270 crore on laying underground cables in Panaji , Margao and Porvorim. It also laid underground cables in some parts of the coastal belt-Calangute and Candolim in the North and Benaulim in the South. A part of the funds came from the central government's Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme ( APDRP) scheme.Asked how much it would cost to cover the entire state, Naik said the same would be worked out when the modalities of the proposal are detailed in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087731", "title": "Higher School Certificate science result lowest in 7 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) announced a 67.7% result for 2011-12 on Thursday. Of the 1.14 lakh students who appeared for the exam, 76,333 passed the exam.This is the lowest result in the past seven years. Last year, the board had declared 69.16% result. Parents and students were expecting a more lenient result considering that this is the last year following the old syllabus. The semester system, which was introduced in class XI (science) last year, will be carried forward to HSC (science) exams from academic year 2012-13.In 2006, when the syllabus was last changed, students were given as many as 20 grace marks. However, this year only five marks were given as grace. If grace marks would have been higher, 8,000-odd more students would have passed.Meanwhile, Ahmedabad city posted a result of 71.89% while Ahmedabad (rural) posted 74.31% result. Since last year, the board has stopped declaring the top 10 rankers list. However, 302 students have got the A1 grade which means they have scored marks between 91% and 100% while 4,722 students have got A2 grade where they have scored 81-90% marks.Amay Banker, a student of St Xavier's Loyola Hall School, secured 99.80 percentile. He says that his father is a doctor and he wants to become a cardiologist. The boy said that he was never pressurized to only study and pursued playing tennis till December.Interestingly, this time, the result was put on three official websites by around 2 am on Thursday. In fact, scenes of joy or sadness over the result were played out in many Amdavadi homes as students and parents checked their result online. The result was officially supposed to be available online from 7 am.Education minister Ramanlal Vora declared the result officially at 10 am in Gandhinagar. The mark sheets will be available in schools on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087473", "title": "Bank manager held for loan fraud", "text": "COIMBATORE: A manager of Indian Bank at Vadapalani branch was arrested here on Thursday by the city crime branch police on charges of financial fraud. Police said the bank officer and his accomplices appropriated around Rs 3 crore from 71 people in the city and suburban areas.Police said C Murali (57) was manager of the Puliyakulam branch of Indian Bank in Coimbatore during 2003-05. During this time, he became acquainted with building contractors Tenston Raja, Venkatachalam, auditor Periyasamy and a woman Vasantha. They promised government employees housing loans in a short time and collected salary slips and other documents in this regard.Then they forged the documents. The bank manager allegedly granted housing loans within a day. He received 71 housing loan applications from 71 persons including 58 government employees and promised them that they would construct new houses for them after getting the loan amount. Thirteen persons who were with non-government jobs posed as the government employees and the contractors and the manager created fake documents for the 13 persons and got the loans granted.Tenston Raja and Murali allegedly took a major portion of the housing loans and gave pittance to the applicants. Likewise, they made kickbacks of Rs 3 crore. Later, the financial fraud was found out by other officials and they lodged a complaint against the manager in 2006. After six years, the police collected vital documents and arrested Murali, who was working at Vadapalani and settled in Virugambakkam in Chennai.Police said the bank officer and his accomplices appropriated around Rs 3 crore from 71 people in the city and suburban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088496", "title": "Tamil Nadu parties want 1960s cartoon removed from NCERT books", "text": "CHENNAI: A cartoon published in the 1960s and reprinted in an NCERT political science textbook for class 11 has fuelled a controversy. Political groups, in particular dalit outfits in Tamil Nadu, have charged that the cartoon denigrates Babasaheb Ambedkar and must be withdrawn immediately.Cadres of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi , a prominent dalit party, picketed a Kendriya Vidyalaya in Kalpakkam, near Chennai, and set fire to an effigy of Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal. \"Seven VCK cadres have been arrested,\" a police officer said. Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front (TNUEF), a body affiliated to the CPM, demanded that the cartoon be removed from textbooks immediately. CPM cadres announced a state-wide agitation on May 15 to press the demand.A work of the renowned cartoonist Shankar, the cartoon depicts Jawaharlal Nehru chasing Ambedkar, who is seated on a snail, with a whip, demanding that Babasaheb speed up the writing of the Constitution. The cartoon illustrates a chapter in the history of the Indian Constitution.CPM leader and TNUEF convener P Sampath said the cartoon was a great dishonour to a leader like Ambedkar. \"Despite the non-cooperation of his colleagues, who were in the Constitution drafting committee, he worked hard,\" he said. All progressive and democratic people must seek repeal of the textbooks, he added.A memorandum has been sent to the Union government demanding that the cartoon be deleted from the book.\"It is a first stage of our protest. If the centre is not acting promptly, we will take the issue to a wider platform,\" Sampath said. The VCK too has threatened to intensify protests.Clearly, the agitating parties seem to ignore the period and the context in which the cartoon first appeared in Shankar's Weekly, an iconic magazine that modeled itself on prestigious British publications like Punch, and lampooned the political heavyweights including Nehru on a regular basis. Shankar's Weekly survived Nehru and Ambedkar but closed down when Indira Gandhi declared Emergency in 1975. Shankar believed that humour was above censure and censured humour meant the death of free speech. He preferred to shut down the weekly rather than subject it to censors. For Shankar's generation, Nehru and Ambedkar were national leaders who stood above caste and other sectarian identities. And, these leaders too loved a good laugh, including at their own expense.Ironically, CPM has been at the forefront of protests demanding the supremacy of free speech and the right of the cartoonist to lampoon political figures in West Bengal. The party has lent support to mass protests against West Bengal government that arrested an academic for forwarding a cartoon that made fun of state chief minister Mamata Banerjee .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088651", "title": "Only five firms in race for final bid", "text": "MUMBAI: In the run up to the final bidding, five consortia have been shortlisted for the 22-km trans-harbour link project between Sewri and Nhava. The final bidding will be concluded by November.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is building the sea bridge, announced the five firms from a list of six on Thursday.\"Six consortia applied to construct the project. Their experience and the technology offered was evaluated by the screening committee. One consortium was eliminated on the grounds of lack of experience,\" said MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. The five firms still in the race are Cintra-Soma-Srei Consortium; Gammon Infrastructure Projects Ltd , OHL Concessions and G S Engineering Consortium; GMR Infrastructure Ltd , L&T; Samsung C&T; Corp Consortium; IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd and Hyundai Consortium; and Tata Realty, Infrastructure Ltd-Autostrade Indian Infrastructure Development and Vinci Concessions Development V Pte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088671", "title": "Public to power execution of civic projects", "text": "CHENNAI: City residents will henceforth get to voice their opinion on how major civic works in their neighbourhoods are planned or executed. With phase II of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to be launched across the country in a few months, civic bodies have been directed to ensure the participation of NGOs, voluntary organizations and citizens' groups in the development process.Union urban development minister Kamal Nath said the second phase of the Centre's flagship programme will focus on public participation. Citizens are to be involved in every phase, including drafting the plan and its execution. It has also been suggested that participatory structures be set up at city, sub-city and area level.The civic body has received 462 crore under the JNNURM since 2007 for various projects, including solid waste management projects, storm water drain works and e-governance initiatives.A senior corporation official said, \"We have been preparing the proposal to seek funds for the various programmes under phase II of the JNNURM to the Centre. Public participation in all future projects will be ensured.\"A few residents associations have welcomed the move to involve the public in the decision-making process. Madipakkam Lakshmi Nagar Residents' Welfare Association secretary G M Shankar said it would help resolve tricky problems. \"Earlier, we were not consulted in any of the development works. The latest move is good as local residents know better than others about issues in the neighbourhood,\" he addsIn a recent communique to civic agencies, the Centre had said: \"The World Bank in its 'Synthesis Study of Public Financial Management and Accountability in Urban Local Bodies (ULBs)' of March 2007, has mentioned that most ULBs and state legislation in the country need to be more people-centric and need to evolve to focus on compliance, and that issues related to staffing pattern and standardization in most ULBs need to be addressed adequately.\"\"The government of India is already addressing these issues through various initiatives and schemes like JNNURM, capacity-building scheme for ULBs, service level benchmarks for the water and sanitation section and e-governance, national urban sanitation policy, etc. Community participation is one of the critical components of the JNNURM,\" the communique said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13091676", "title": "Government asks doctors to notify TB cases", "text": "INDORE: Alarmed by the increase in cases of tuberculosis (TB) in Madhya Pradesh the union ministry of health has listed it as a 'notifiable' disease in the state and directed the state to notify it about cases of TB found.The directive has come in the wake of the fact that TB, unlike in the past, is no a poor man's disease and has made its among urban elites. The need for surveillance of cases was also felt after a number of Totally Drug Resistant TB was reported in Mumbai and a large number of TB patients are diagnosed but they are not referred to or notified to the Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP).The ministry of health and family welfare in its order to state government has asked to have complete information on all TB cases for effective control, reduce TB transmission and address the problems of emergence of Drug Resistant TB. In January, the TB control division had asked the Union health ministry to declare TB a notifiable disease.District TB officer, Dr Vijay Chajjlani said, \"We have received orders from the union ministry to notify all the TB cases. A format has been given which will have to be filled by the doctors treating TB patients and submit monthly report.\" Till now private clinics and doctors were not bound to make and submit record of TB patients, particularly, to the health department.Under the new system, all health officials at the state, district, sub-districts &amp; municipal corporation levels and clinical establishments run or managed by Government including local authorities, private or NGO sectors and/or individual practitioners in all the districts and towns in state will have to maintain a track record of TB patients. \"With improved notification, RNTCP could improve case management and reduce TB transmission and the spread of drug-resistant TB,\" said Dr Chajjlani.State health department estimates suggest that the state has nearly 90,000 TB patients. In the examination report, the health department in Indore district has found that an average of 17 patients every month was detected with multi drug resistant (MDR) TB during April to December 2011.A private sputum culture testing lab has diagnosed 120 MDR-TB patients among 600 patients during the same period. The situation is also alarming a nearly 13,500 children in state are estimated to be infected with TB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13090917", "title": "BJD youth wing seeks job for locals at Kalinganagar steel plants", "text": "KENDRAPADA: At least 4,000 displaced and educated youths, including many girls, under the banner of youth wing of Biju Janata Dal organized a protest meeting at Sukinda on Thursday, demanding permanent jobs with proper salary in the 12 steel companies and other organizations in Kalinganagar and neighbouring areas in Jajpur districtAddressing the meeting, finance minister Prafulla Ghadei, who is also the local MLA of Sukinda, said, \"Many steel companies acquired lands in Sukinda with the promise to provide jobs to locals. But many companies are not considering our demands now, due to which the youth wing of the BJD organized this protest meeting at Sukinda.\"\"Many land losers are also yet to receive the compensation amount. We are demanding priority for locals in employment and reservation of various technical posts in all the 12 steel plants. Our agitation will continue until our demand is fulfilled,\" Ghadei added.The minister accused steel plant authorities of adopting anti-local policies, in violation of decisions of the Rehabilitation and Peripheral Development Advisory Committee.Pratap Patnaik, president of the youth wing of BJD in Sukinda, alleged that the companies at Kalinganagar are giving priority to outsiders and non-Odias in jobs, depriving the local youths who have the requisite degrees and diplomas in various streams. Many contract labourers, who are engaged in construction works of the companies, have been neglected by the companies as well, he said.The outfit submitted a 13-point charter of demands to the companies, including payment of higher wages, proper maintenance of records pertaining to gratuity and employees provident fund (EPF) accounts, providing drinking water to neighbouring villages, opening hospitals in the villages, planting trees to check pollution, spending 10% of their profits for peripheral development works, etc.\"Rampant industrialization and the unregulated use of water by the industries are the main reason behind river pollution and water shortage in the many villages and towns near Bamahani and Kharosotra rivers in Jajpur district,\" said BJD leader Maheswar Guru.He also attracted attention towards chromites mine workers of Sukinda and neighbouring areas, who are constantly exposed to contaminated dust and water. Gastrointestinal bleeding, tuberculosis and asthma are common ailments among such people. Infertility , birth defects, and stillbirths and have also been rampant in the area, Guru added.The Blacksmith Institute, a US-based organization had included Sukinda Valley in the worst polluted places list among 10 places in the globe five years ago, the BJD leader pointed out.The meeting was also addressed by BJD leaders Biswajit Raj, Biswajit Das and others. Security was tightened at the meeting place and Kalinganagar on Thursday to check any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087144", "title": "Karunanidhi daughter\u2019s aide threatening us: Martin\u2019s wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a surprise twist of events, lottery king Santiago Martin's wife and his close family members have filed a complaint at the city police commissionerate accusing two lottery agents including a person close to former chief minister M Karunanidhi's Bangalore-based daughter Selvi of trying to frame Martin in a fake lottery case. They also alleged that they were getting constant threats from the duo after Martin was released on bail on May 7.\"They are trying to extort Rs 2 crore from our family and are constantly threatening us over the phone,\" alleged M Leema Rose, Martin's wife, in her complaint.Leema Rose, accompanied by her daughter Daisy Martin and son Charles Martin, arrived at the city police commissionerate at 8 pm. They claimed that S Ananda Vadivel (39), a lottery agent based in Ganapathy here in the city, along with Selvam alias Halwa Selvam, a Chennai-based man who was Karunanidhi's daughter Selvi's personal assistant in the past, were conspiring to frame Martin in a fake lottery case.\"They have threatened us saying they will bring fake lottery tickets to Tamil Nadu through Trichy and Chennai airports and circulate them in the name of Martin,\" Lima Rose added.She also added that Ananda Vadivel was working against Martin even in the past and had tried to sabotage him in his profession on numerous occasions. Ananda Vadivel has also reportedly been booked in a lottery case in Kerala. She pointed out that Martin was released just two days back after spending about eight months in prison, and the family was now under severe pressure after they started receiving the threat calls.Assistant commissioner (intelligence) Suresh Kumar accepted the petition and asked Martin's kin to return on Friday and meet the city police commissioner, who was not available at office on Thursday evening.\"We have accepted the petition and will decide on further course of action soon,\" Suresh Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13092128", "title": "Anna University final-year UG results before June 30", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government today said the results of examinations to be written by final-year UG students of Anna University from Monday onwards would be released before June 30.\"The exams would be conducted from Monday onwards. In order to facilitate the final-year students of Anna University to join their placements or to apply for higher studies, the results would be announced before June 30,\" P Palaniappan, Higher Education Minister told the Assembly.The issue was raised by Congress MLA Vijayadharani. \"The government would think about conducting the exams before April from next year,\" the Minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13090908", "title": "HC directs Anjali Behera to reply in murder case", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa High Court on Thursday issued a notice to women and child development minister Anjali Behera over her alleged involvement in the murder of Hindol block chairman Nabaghana Sahoo. The division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra directed the minister to file a reply to the allegations of the petitioner within two weeks.The direction came in response to a PIL filed by a citizens' forum , Dhenkanal Nagarika Manch, and a petition filed by the deceased's mother, Durmilla Sahoo, seeking a CBI probe into Sahoo's death. The petitioners had alleged that Nabaghana's murder was pre-planned at the behest of local MLA Anjali Behera.\"The court has issued notice to women and child development minister, Anjali Behera to reply to the allegations of the petitioners,\" said Himansu Mishra, petitioner's counsel. BJD leader Nabaghan died on May 14, 2011, after being hit by a SUV near his cashew field, one-and-a-half km away from his village Ganjara.The petitioners had alleged Anjali used to perceive Sahoo as a threat to her political career and there had been political rivalry between them. The petitioners had cited that since Anjali is a state minister, the crime branch probe will not be fair and the court hand over the case to CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13091479", "title": "\u2018Munda going through tough times\u2019", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Chief minister Arjun Munda's family astrologer Pandit Chandidas Mukherjee has said Munda will face political and personal problems till December 2013.\"The present period is not favorable for him. Though Budh (mercury) and Brihaspati (Jupiter) are strong in his horoscope, Rahu and Mangal ( Mars ) will continue to bother him till December, 2013,\" said Mukherjee, affectionately called Chandida by his followers.He, however, suggested Munda to offer special prayers to Lord Krishna and Goddess Kali throughout the period. \"As desired by Mundaji, I have suggested it to his wife as she religiously follows these things,\" Mukherjee said, adding all is not well with the chief minister for the last one month.\"A day after his chopper made an emergency landing at Sonari airport, on April 27, 2012, I met the couple at their residence in Ranchi and advised them to begin special prayers,\" said Mukherjee, who is also a tantrik.The 70-year-old Mukherjee, who on Thursday performed three-hour-long \"Mahamrityunjay mantra jaap\" and \"yajna\" at his Durga Badi at Bhetiya Basti in Kadma to ward off evils in Munda's life, said: \"The prayers will continue for the next two days.\"\"It's a three-day prayer to be performed by a team of priests consisting of Dulal Brahmachari and Sapan Chatterjee, who have come from Gwalpara in Bankura district of West Bengal,\" said Mukherjee, who has also planned to offer special prayers at Kamakhya temple of Goddess Kali in Guwahati in the last week of this month. \"It (Kamakhya) is a Shaktipeeth and I have been to this temple for offering special prayers in the past, whenever things went wrong for Munda,\" said Mukherjee.The priest had hogged the limelight when he accompanied Munda to the Kamakhya temple in 2006, after a crisis stemmed from the resignation of four ministers of his cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089295", "title": "Will NU finally move cops in roster scam?", "text": "NAGPUR: As Nagpur University's Management Council meets on Friday after a long gap to discuss a host of issues, the topic that could witness heated exchanges between administration and members will be roster scam.The scam, exposed by TOI on March 19, 2009, and that has blocked all appointments in the university, has been kept under the wraps by NU administration as over 500 appointments could get cancelled if roster is properly implemented. Management Council members told TOI they would grill the administration over delay in tabling of probe panel report and action taken on it.Justice (retired) GG Loney was appointed by then vice-chancellor SN Pathan to probe the scam after it was raised in Maharashtra assembly. He submitted his report on January 5 last year to present VC Vilas Sapkal. The report was kept under wraps since then for unknown reasons. TOI later revealed that Loney's report had confirmed tampering in the job manuals or roster and termed it a \"big conspiracy\".Justice Loney recommended immediately lodging of a police complaint, something that VC has chosen not to do. Members stated that at least now, NU should lodge an FIR with police to bring the culprits to book. NU PRO office refused to comment saying that the journalists should provide questions in writing.Minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope asked VC in December last year to initiate action against the accused but VC again did not move. Sources said this clearly indicated that accused were being protected under political pressure. On several queries raised earlier in state legislature over the scam, NU has only maintained that action was under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094064", "title": "Aamir couldn't show genuine feeling!", "text": "So Aamir Khan's show has dealt a blow where it hurts the most. Are the makers of Kaun Banega Crorepati running scared? Maybe they'd be obliged to invite a few more tortured ravaged women to the hot seat to discuss their predicament with the empathetic host?Like the 'see' of humanity last Sunday I also set aside my work (compared with Aamir's crusader's role, quite negligible, I have to admit) to watch our most influential contemporary entertainer don the mantle of the social reformer.Or was it a mask? I ask, because after watching one miserably manhandled woman after another troop unobtrusively into the posh studio(air-conditioned, and insulated from extraneous noises) to speak in horrifically dispassionate tones of the tortures they've suffered, and survived to tell their tales, I wondered, was Aamir really getting the point? Could he feel the full or even partial impact of what these women had gone through for not delivering a male heir?Much as we all love Aamir's jihadi spirit, I don't think he even began to grasp the enormity of women's pain and suffering. Aamir's expressions were a dead giveaway. Towards the beginning of the nightmarish recollections of lives lived on the edge, a lady with an expression that gave nothing away, said she went through 9 (or was it 10?) enforced abortions because Pati-dev wanted a beta.So what does Aamir do when he hears the woman say she been thus so brutally commoditized for patriarchal purposes? He rattles of biological data on how the male partner determines the sex of the child.Yeah, knowing that really helps women who get mauled and killed for delivering baby girls. Then Aamir did something straight out of his movies. He covered his mouth with both hands....a very common gesture of dismay in our films and one that Aamir probably used in Rakeysh Om Prakash Mehra's Rang De Basanti when, say, Soha Ali Khan's boyfriend died in an aircrash. It's an expression that method actors practice in front of the mirror .Playing the role of reformer is not easy. Aamir has mastered the art. Sadly the mastery showed up on camera on that historical Sunday morning. His influence in the field of cinema is undoubtedly exemplary. And honestly, if I had to choose one entertainer to take us through the horrors that pervade lives in non-urban cultures I'd choose Aamir.He has the clout. And the gravitas. Lamentably he just couldn't bring enough genuine feeling to the table when he spoke to the victims of female foeticide in the first episode of his long awaited serial Satyamev Jayate.And it's not entirely his fault. The role of the crusader seemed to have been embossed on his sleeve rather than his soul. The lines were rehearsed, as they had to be. You can't film misery without pre-written lines. And that's where the difference of perception crept in. The women who had suffered hadn't rehearsed their lines. Their appalling experiences seeped out of their lacerated souls. The tears had dried up. Unfortunately the camera doesn't respect invisible tears. Our host had to keep that in mind. TRPs are important too, you know.It's too early to say which way Satyamev Jayate would finally go. The first episode, though brave and thought provoking, was disappointing in its lack of genuine connectivity between the host and the victims of social atrocity. No doubt Aamir has his heart in the right place. Not even the hardest cynic would doubt his sincerity of purpose.But Aamir just doesn't get it. To get a feel of murk one needs to step personally into the slush. At the moment Aamir is happy to be just watching the show from the sidelines. Maybe in the coming weeks he would plunge into the Great Indian Muddle Class to actually feel what those wretchedly tortured lives felt when they were forced to kill their babies. Or boys who are forced to sleep with producers to get roles in Bollywood. I 'm hoping one of the forthcoming episodes would deal with that.At the moment Satyamev Jayate looks like a product of elitist conscientiousness . It may grow into the movement that Aamir hopes it would. Hope, after all, is the Indian middleclass dope for survival.Giving away the whistle-inducing fee he has received for anchoring this praiseworthy show to the victims who play stellar roles in the show, would certainly shut up the cynics.When Oprah addresses unhappy lives she brings to the studio years of charitable work and a kind of keen apprehension of the mechanics of gender and fiscal prejudice.Aamir doesn't quite fit in. The spirit is willing. But the connectivity is weak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089501", "title": "Government nod for rejuvenation of Ambazari, Futala lakes", "text": "NAGPUR: In some good news for the city's environment, the state government has approved rejuvenation of two more lakes - Ambazari and Futala. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is expected to get Rs 20 crore under National Lakes Conservation Plan (NLCP) for the two lakes.Confirming the development, Mohammed Israil, officer in charge of lakes and rivers at NMC, told TOI that the detailed project reports (DPR) submitted for rejuvenation of Ambazari and Futala lakes were approved by the environment department and government's steering committee.\"The plan for each lake is worth Rs 10 crore. Now, the state government will send the DPRs to the Centre. After required process, the two lakes will be sanctioned under NLCP. NMC will have to bear 30% of total sanctioned amount and remaining will be given by the Central government. The government had already given approval for two lakes - Gandhisagar and Sonegaon - and also sanctioned Rs 5.02 crore. Work has been going on for the last one year,\" he said.Nagpur is blessed with 11 big lakes - Ambazari, Futala, Gandhisagar, Naik, Lendi, Sonegaon, Pardi, Khadan, Gorewada, Sakkardara and Dhobi talav. The lakes have turned into sewage reservoirs over the years and even marred by encroachments. Citing paucity of funds, NMC has not taken up rejuvenation of the lakes.When the government came up with the NLCP, NMC submitted proposals to rejuvenate all lakes under the scheme. The government approved the rejuvenation and beautification of Sonegaon and Gandhisagar lakes and sanctioned Rs 3.24 crore and Rs 1.78 crore respectively on March 17, 2010. After completion of the two on these lakes, NMC will submit the DPR for other lakes according to directives of the state government.Ambazari lake is the biggest lake in the city and spread over 180 acres. Ambazari garden is located along side the lake. NMC has failed to exploit the natural beauty of the lake and garden. Fortunately, the lake is secure due to embankments constructed during the British period. Earlier, the lake was the only source of drinking water for the city. The Nag river used to flow into the lake after flowing through Wadi. However, the lake has been polluted due to flow of sewage from Wadi and nearby areas besides industrial waste from Hingna MIDC. If everything goes well, the lake will get back its lost glory due to NLCP.The Futala lake is spread over 60 acres and it is also polluted by sewage water. NIT has undertaken beautification of the surroundings of the lake but is not maintaining the catchment area. The lake is already a popular destination of citizens and will benefit from the development works under NLCP.Work halted at Gandhisagar lakeIn a major setback, the conservation and beautification works at Gandhisagar lake have come to a halt for last couple of months. Sources told TOI the heritage committee has asked NMC to stop the works.\"The government sanctioned Rs 1.78 crore for the lake in March 2010. But the works got delayed due to various reasons. The work commenced from 2011. The heritage committee has objected to the construction of public toilets on the bank of the lake. The toilet room was being constructed to stop visitors from relieving themselves in the lake. NMC will now have to take the approval of the committee as the lake is on the heritage list,\" said sources.A senior NMC official said the work of floating landscapes is in final stage. \"Landscapes will have to be placed in the lake as soon as possible. Besides, the other works have to be completed in the time period prescribed by the government. Otherwise the NMC will face the ire of the government, resulting in hurdles in the flow of funds. Completion of works as soon as possible is also necessary for prevention of suicides,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087813", "title": "Police bust sex racket in Kalyaninagar", "text": "PUNE: The city crime branch late on Wednesday night unearthed a sex racket, which was being run under the guise of a massage parlour at a plush locality in Kalyaninagar. Four foreign national women and the 56-year-old owner of the parlour have been arrested.The social security cell of the crime branch, led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge, raided the parlour and made the arrests. The parlour owner has been identified as Mukul Muralidhar Ghule of Bibvewadi. Ghule and the four women were produced before the court on Friday and remanded to police custody till May 15.Investigations revealed that the women had come to India on a tourist visa. People visiting on tourist visas are not allowed to do any job in the country. \"We will take action against them under the Foreigners Act, as they were found doing a job at the parlour,\" Barge told TOI.Barge said police constable Sandip Holkar of the social security cell received a tip-off that a prostitution racket was being run at the place. \"Based on the information received, we sent in a decoy customer to the parlour who confirmed about the sex racket. We raided the place and made the arrests,\" Barge said.Barge said, \"Passports belonging to the women have been seized, along with a cash of Rs 4,500 and other material.\" One of the women came to the city on January 27, another on March 12, while the remaining two came on May 6 and 7.Ashwini Jagtap, police sub-inspector of the social security cell, said the parlour had a rate card for various types of massages. The customers were given receipts for the massage. \"But, under the guise of giving massage, they were running a sex racket. The women used to charge around Rs 5,000 for their services,\" Jagtap said.Jagtap said the women used to visit Pune frequently. \"After working for a few months, they used to go back,\" Jagtap added.The investigating team consisted of assistant PI Vimal Bidve, police constables Mohan Thorat, Dattatreya Nikam, Ashok Takalkar, Shashikant Shinde, Sohanlal Chutele, Ajit Dhumal and Dipak Jade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "13092746", "title": "Indian worker murdered in Saudi Arabia", "text": "DUBAI: A 45-year-old Indian worker has been murdered allegedly by a compatriot in the Saudi Arabian capital of Riyadh.The victim, identified only as Shasthitharan, was murdered by his friend Sunil on Tuesday, media reports said.Both the victim and accused are resident of Kerala. According to media reports, both were living in the same building in a residential complex in Batha city center in different apartments in the capital.The murder is said to have taken place in the early hours of Tuesday, when accused Sunil went into victim's room while he was fast asleep and stabbed him several times with a kitchen knife.Police arrested Sunil hours after the incident. The victim was married and his wife Saumini lives in Kerala.Shasthitharan had been living in Saudi Arabia since 1985. He had returned to Riyadh only 45 days ago following his annual vacation.Sunil is believed to have confessed to the murder but the police are currently carrying out investigations to find out if more people were involved in the murder.The motive of the killer is also not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087503", "title": "Plans afoot to widen Road No 13, Banjara Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to go for road widening on Banjara Hills, Road No.13. Officially, the purpose behind the widening is to decongest Road No.12 but the real reason is perhaps civic officials desire to provide a hassle-free ride to ministers up to their official residence, the Ministers' Quarters.As many as 55 properties, including the residences of late chief minister NT Rama Rao and retired IAS officers VP Jauhari and Kamalanathan, would get affected in expansion drive as the breadth is increased from its present 40ft (ft) to 60ft. Also, to be affected are the houses of several industrialists and the offices of some firms, including a Sakshi group building.Official sources said that the decision for widening has been taken with an eye to decongesting Road No. 12, Banjara Hills, a crucial stretch for those heading towards Film Nagar, Jubilee Hills, MLA Colony and other areas of Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills and Madhapur.Heavy traffic on Road No.12 has become a major concern for ministers. The situation becomes worse when there are any agitations in front of the Ministers' quarters on Road No.12. If Road No.13 is widened, the ministers can enjoy a smooth ride right up to the main gate of their quarters and even provide commuters with an alternative to Road No.12, in the event of any traffic snarls. \"Road No.13 runs parallel to Road No.12, Banjara Hills. As per the master plan, the road should be widened to 60ft. Its current width is between 30ft and 40ft. That will reduce the burden on Road No.12,\" GHMC chief city planner GV Raghu told TOI.Road development plan and identification of property has just been started by GHMC. Incidentally, the collector's camp office and joint collector's bungalow have been spared likely demolition as there are religious structures close to these properties.Several properties in a slum, which begins beyond the collector's bungalow, would also be taken over for road widening, said GHMC officials.\"Notification for acquiring properties will be issued and published in a couple of days after approval of the joint collector,\" a senior GHMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089788", "title": "Cabinet okays sexual harassment at workplace bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday gave its nod to the Protection of Women from Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill. The bill was brought after a group of ministers addressed concerns regarding burden of proof that earlier rested with the employer. The bill also brings domestic workers within its ambit.The bill makes it mandatory for all workplaces, including homes, universities, hospitals, government and non-government offices, factories, other formal and informal work places to constitute an internal committee for redress of complaints.The proposed legislation will reaffirm guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court in the case Vishaka vs State of Rajasthan, 1997, that recognizes harassment as a form of discrimination against women and violation of the constitutional right to equality.So far, implementation of the Vishaka guidelines has been patchy and restricted to the formal sector. Women bear the brunt of harassment with increasing number of cases of molestation and eve-teasing.Domestic workers have been included as part of the bill for the first time following recommendations of the parliamentary committee. They comprise 30% of the female workforce in the unorganized sector. There are 47.50 lakh registered domestic workers in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087811", "title": "Metro project likely to get state nod next week", "text": "PUNE: The state Urban Development Department (UDD) has forwarded the detailed note on the financial structure of the Pune metro rail to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who will place it before the cabinet meeting on Wednesday for approval.\"The cabinet meeting on April 9 was cancelled and, hence, the Pune metro project proposal could not be tabled. However, the cabinet will discuss the proposal and approve the same on April 16,\" a senior UDD official told TOI. All the technical details of the proposal have been finalised by the state, the official added.Of the six metro routes proposed in Pune, the 14.9-km corridor from Vanaz near Kothrud to Ramwadi would be taken up first. The route, which will cost Rs 2,593 crore, will have 15 stations including one leading to the Pune railway station.\"Formalities including setting up of a special purpose vehicle (to be called the Pune Metro Railway Corporation), seeking cabinet approval and applying to the central government for approval would be completed immediately,\" said the official.A notification will also be issued under the Metro Act. Interestingly, so far, all metro routes taken up in Mumbai have been notified under the Tramway Act. The Centre had already made it clear that it would provide funds to metro projects only under the Metro Act and not under the Railways Act.Of the Rs 2,593 crore to be spent on the Vanaz-Ramwadi route, the state and Centre will contribute 40% of the cost (20% each) in equity and the Pune Municipal Corporation will have to raise another 10%. As per the state plans, the remaining 50% will either be raised through loans or by offering the project on a build-operate-transfer or public-private partnership basis. The government is exploring options of introducing a green tax levy, allowing commercial exploitation on metro stations and grant of higher FSI at stations to make the project economically viable.The other proposed route to be taken up in the first phase is a 17-km route from Swargate to Pimpri-Chinchwad at a cost of Rs 5,391 crore. Four other routes - Shivajinagar to Hinjewadi, Deccan to Bund Garden, Swargate to Katraj and Pimpri-Chinchwad to Nigdi (collectively 44 km) have been proposed in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089197", "title": "Boycott 2012 London Olympics, Left tells govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of the Left parties in Rajya Sabha on Thursday demanded that India should not participate in London Olympics Games as the International Olympic Committee has rejected the calls to drop Dow Chemical as sponsor of Games.Raising the issue during Zero Hour, CPM member Prasanta Chatterjee said Dow Chemical, which is sponsoring London Olympics has refused to take responsibility of the Bhopal Gas tragedy in which 3,787 people were killed on the spot in 1984.Dow Chemical currently owns Union Carbide, the company responsible for the tragedy.Chatterjee said Dow Chemicals took over the company responsible for gas leak and the victims of the tragedy have appealed to the government to boycott the Games.Appeals were also made to International Olympic Committee to scrap Dow Chemical from sponsorship of the Games but in vain, Chatterjee said, adding, \"We should stand by the victims of the tragedy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088910", "title": "HC orders status quo on razing home near stupa", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court on Thursday directed status quo in a case pertaining to the demolition of a house in the vicinity of a protected Buddhist stupa, a dome structure, in Nalasopara.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by Sunanda Sitad, an adivasi widow, challenging the February 8, 2010, show-cause notice by the department of archaeology asking her to demolish the 5,000 sq ft house, saying it is an encroachment built upon a mound. The stupa was declared a historical monument, the petition said.Her advocate argued that the house is over 100 years old and she has been paying taxes to the Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation. \"Her husband looked after the stupa's maintainance. Her son works with the ASI,'' he added. He said Sitad is willing to shift outside the prohibited area, provided the corporation rehabilitates her. In the meantime, he urged the court to prevent the demolition of her home. \"She is poor,\" he said.Advocate Aniket Nikam, appearing for the central government and Archealogical Survey of India, submitted that under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological and Remains Act 1958 , the stupa is a protected structure and no unauthorized construction can remain within its periphery. \"The structure has to go,'' said Nikam . \"She may not have legal rights, but on human rights, let her stay in the meantime,'' said Justice Majmudar.The judges issued notices to the Thane collector and Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation, who were unrepresented. They directed that a status quo be maintained and that Sitad not be evicted until the next date of hearing after vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13090137", "title": "4-year imprisonment to car thieves", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Ambala district court has pronounced four years imprisonment to three youths for firing in the air after stealing car of a resident of the city.The convicted youths, identified as Hanish, a resident of Dera Bassi, Ramesh, of Noida, and Arjun, of Meerut, had stolen an Indigo of Mahavir Singh, a resident of Ambala City on January 7, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088374", "title": "Engineering colleges finding fewer students", "text": "NOIDA: Two decades ago, just a percentage of aspiring Indian engineers found a seat in a tech school. However the current situation in Uttar Pradesh and the rest of the country seems to have changed completely with supply outstripping demand.According to sources in Mahamaya Technical University (MTU), which caters to students in western Uttar Pradesh, the last four years alone have seen the opening of over 150 colleges in the state per year. However, there has been a corresponding decrease in the number of students appearing in the entrance examinations for these courses with the year 2010 seeing almost 60% seats going empty in popular courses such as B.Tech and MBA. \"This is a national trend and technical universities in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu seem to be facing the same problem. We are constantly trying to adapt ourselves with the changing needs of our students. However there is definitely a problem of demand and supply,\" said a senior official of MTU.The problem is even more pronounced in Noida and Greater Noida, with 59% of all technical colleges in Uttar Pradesh being located in parts of the state which fall in NCR in spite of the fact that Uttar Pradesh only occupies 32% of the total NCR area. \"There has been an incredible rise in the number of technical colleges which have opened up in the cities of Noida and Greater Noida and, as a result, there has been a major problem of demand and supply. It's not viable for such colleges to exist and provide quality education in the face of such depleting demand,\" said the official.Officials explained that another reason for the seats going empty in technical colleges in Uttar Pradesh was due to the fact that the cost of fees for colleges in the state are significantly higher than fees in colleges in Rajasthan and Haryana. \"Many students opt to study in colleges in Haryana and Rajasthan and, as a result, seats in Uttar Pradesh are going empty. While there are still takers for seats in core engineering courses, specific engineering programmes are suffering,\" said the official.According to figures released by the AICTE, India is now home to 3,393 engineering colleges that have 14.85 lakh seats available. Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh have about 70% tech institutes. When admissions closed this year, AICTE estimated that nearly two lakh seats were unfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089575", "title": "Global positioning system, pen drives: The new hacking devices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought you can not become a victim of cyber crime by not using internet, then think again.Ravdeep Sodhi, a cybercrime expert while addressing participants during a two-day cybercrime safety workshop, stated that one's system can be hacked using pen drives, microwaves, global positioning system (GPS) GPS, and music systems in cars. A virus can be uploaded in your system through these devices.He said, \"In India, there is 90% growth in cyber crime and it is mainly because of lack of awareness. It was 10 years ago that internet was used in hacking. Nowadays, the trend has shifted to pen drives and microwave ovens. Incidents of heart pacer hacking have been heard and in University of California, an incident of a running car hacking was reported.\"Sodhi further mentioned how through stereo systems and using global positioning system (GPS), a car can be hacked. He also stated that information that one gives during shopping online can also be misused by hackers.The cybercrime expert also stressed upon the need to be cautious regarding cyber bullying and cyber stalking. \"As per the data available, people between the age group of 15-32 years are more prone to cyber crime,\" he said, adding that as per a recent survey conducted in 11 schools in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, it was noted that now the children as young as 11 years are being exposed to internet, making them possible victims of cyber bullying.To avoid this, he suggested that parents should keep a close watch at the child's behaviour after they use internet or phone. \"Any negative change in their behaviour might be because of cyber bullying. Also, if you notice anyone misusing your identity, immediately take screenshots and report to the cybercrime cell,\" he said.Cyber bullying includes harassing or threatening through messaging or emails on social networking sites and cyber media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13091903", "title": "Woman kills kids, commits suicide", "text": "HUBLI: A 26-year-old woman allegedly killed her two children and committed suicide by jumping into a well at Miyapur village in Devdurga taluk of Raichur on Wednesday.Devdurga PSI P M Rathod said Mangamma of Miyapur killed her three-year-old son Anjaneya and two-year-old daughter Shobhita by throwing them into a well. Later, she ended her life by jumping into the same well. She was reportedly fed up with the harassment of her husband and in-laws.Rangappa, a relative of the deceased, registered a compliant against Mangamma's husband Hanumantappa and his parents Mariyamma and Mallappa holding them responsible for the incident.The accused have been taken to police custody. Devdurga police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13091590", "title": "Bokaro railway counters raided", "text": "BOKARO: The booking clerks at reservation counters of Bokaro Railway Station are under scanner for Tatkal ticket booking irregularities. A three-member vigilance team of Railway Board, Delhi on Thursday raided two booking counters of the railway stations and seized many filled up Tatkal reservation forms.According to vigilance inspector A P Joshi, who heads the team, several complaints related to ticket booking irregularities at Bokaro Railway reservation counter were lodged with them. The raids were conducted at around 8:10 am when the booking clerks were busy in issuing Tatkal tickets. \"We have collected the requisition forms from the counter and we will conduct an inquiry into it,\" he said.Joshi said they will also find out what time a booking clerk takes in issuing a Tatkal ticket in the morning hours. \"Generally a booking clerk takes about one minute to book a ticket but during Tatkal booking, it is observed that the railway clerks book as many ticket as they can, that shows their intention,\" he said. However, no arrest was made by the team members in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087146", "title": "Govt to foot bills of tanker water supply to Manmad", "text": "NASHIK: The divisional revenue commissioner has said that the government would foot all the water transport bills raised by Manmad municipal council as far as drinking water supply to this town is concerned.Manmad is a major junction on central railway is currently being supplied water every fortnight and the waters sources are also drying up. Taking cognizance of the situation, Pankaj Bhujbal - MLA Nandgaon alongwith Manmad Council president Rajendra Ahire, met the Divisional Revenue Commissioner Jayant Gaikwad on Thursday asking him for government help in transporting water from wells and dams to the town.\"Though not enough, but some water is available outside Manmad town. The major hitch was transport. Since Manmad municipal council falls in grade 'B', the affairs in scarcity issue are handled directly by the state government and hence we have requested the revenue commissioner to look into the same. He has assured us that funds will be provided for tankers pressed into the service to transport water,\" Pankaj Bhujbal said.The MLA also met Collector P Velrasu over the issue. \"We will consider their request about giving a rotation few days before than what is scheduled (June 10). At the same time we have proposed repairs and maintenance of wells in Manmad and de-silting of wells,\" he said.Gautam Sancheti, member of Manmad council said that 25 mcft water in Naga Sakya dam, 25 kms away from the city has been reserved for the council. With the government taking care of transports, Manmad would receive more water for drinking purpose. \"65 borewells have been sanctioned in the council area besides allowing the town to draw water from 8 wells outside the town acquired by the collectorate for supplying water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087163", "title": "Metal workers stage agitation", "text": "NASHIK: The workers of Sanjyot Metals Industries on Thursday staged demonstrations in front of the Office of the Dy. Labour Commissioner, seeking reinstatement of expelled workers.A delegation of office-bearers of Nashik Workers Union affiliated to CITU, led by its Vice-president Sitaram Thombare, met Dy. Labour Commissioner R S Jadhav and presented him with a memorandum of demands.Speaking to TOI, Sitaram Thombare, Vice-president, Nashik Workers Union, said, \"There are total 100 workers on contract basis, of which only 30 workers are given PF and ESI facilities. The company had expelled around 64 workers for the past six months. We met the Dy. Labour Commissioner S R Jadhav and presented him with a memorandum of demands, seeking reinstatement of the expelled workers of the company.\"The memorandum stated, \"Even after 18 years, the company workers are getting a salary of Rs. 150 a day and most of the workers are not being provided PF and ESI facilities. Hence, the workers of Sanjyot Metals Industries had accepted the membership of CITU affiliated Nashik Workers' Union on Nov 16, 2011. As a result, the company had taken action against the workers expelling them from the company from the next day on Nov 17, 2012. The industrial court had also directed the company to reinstate the company workers on Nov 24, 2012 and the office of DLC had also asked the company to reinstate workers. These workers are regularly going upto the company gate, but they have still not been reinstated.\"\"With an aim to reinstate the workers, the company management had demanded the guarantee letters from the workers and its specimen had also been given to the Labour Officer of the DLC office. As per the specimen, the company had also submitted the guarantee letters to the company management. But, they have not been reinstated so far,\" the memorandum added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13090955", "title": "Agitating lawyers block Bhubaneswar-Puri highway", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lawyers in the city continued to be on warpath over the selection of a site for the proposed sub-registrar office in Chandrasekharpur area. After the five-day strike, the lawyers on Thursday blocked the Bhubaneswar-Puri National Highway in front of the court, causing severe hardship to commuters and motorists.The lawyers demand the government should open the sub-registrar office near the court. \"The chief secretary had assured us to look into our demand, but in vain. The sub-registrar office should be set up near the court as its functioning is closely linked with court. People will suffer if the office is opened far from the court,\" Bhubaneswar bar association secretary Chitaranjan Bairisal said. \"We do not oppose the new office, but we are against the location,\" he added.The lawyers had gone on five-day cease work agitation from May 3, bringing all court work to a grinding halt. Litigants suffered a lot due to suspension of the court works.The state revenue department on April 4 decided to establish a new office in Chandrasekharpur to reduce workload in the existing two sub-registrar's offices. Works, relating to registration of lands are mostly done at the sub-registrar's offices here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087936", "title": "Collector encourages quota for single girl child", "text": "JAIPUR: District collector Naveen Mahanjan has advocated single girl child quota system in private schools to deal with female feticide and encouraging education among girls.Mahajan on Thursday shot off letters to school principals in the city asking them to reserve seats for those students who are single girl children. Mahajan said, \"To combat female feticide and encourage the education of the girl child, we have asked schools to voluntarily come forward.\"He said, \"We expect that the leading schools of the city will become trendsetters so that other schools will follow suit. Also, incentives should be given to those couples who opted for family planning (two-child family norms) just after giving birth to one or two girls.\"Letters have been sent to 12 leading private schools of the city. In the letter written to school principals Mahajan states, \"Those parents wishing to apply under this quota may submit an affidavit saying that the girl child applying for the seat is their only child and the parents have adopted family planning consciously.\"Mahajan also suggested the schools to waive off the fee for the daughters of those parents who have only one or two girl children.\"The management of the schools can frame special rules to prioritize the single girl child in the admission system and a total fee waiver/ concession can be given to every girl who is the only child of her parents. Similarly, if both the children in a family are girls, both of them can be considered for a reasonable concession in fee,\" Mahajan wrote in the letter.He said that these initiatives and measures will ensure pro-active contribution in tackling the menace of female feticide prevalent primarily due to preference for male child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092085", "title": "A rock concert in Kolkata", "text": "It was a different vibe at Tantra, The Park, on a recent Friday night.Instead of shiny disco balls and pulsating beats, strains of rock music filled the air as The Saturday Night Blues Band took to the stage and played some cool numbers. Arunima, the lead vocalist, mesmerized the audience with her voice. Among the audience, we spotted singer-songwriter Neel Adhikary with wife Audrey.Other music makers too made a lot of noise at the club. We found Prashanta, Bodhi and Taniya having a good time while Shataf, Arnabi, Ayushi and Mithu showed us how to live it up.It's not every day that we find rock music lovers ganging up at the nightclub but this Friday was different as rock won over trance and house music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087287", "title": "7 arrested in jewellery store burglary case", "text": "NASHIK: The city police on Thursday nabbed seven miscreants, including a woman, involved in the burglary of gold and diamond jewellery over Rs 1.79 crore at the Tanishq showroom, Mahatma Nagar, in the wee hours of Wednesday.DCP Sahebrao Patil of Zone 1 said the break-in was committed despite two armed security men deployed at the main entrance of the showroom. The accused, however, entered the store from its rear entrance with the help of Ashok Avhade, who works at the store and had complete knowledge of the same.While the safe they carried with them had jewellery worth Rs 14.65 lakh, the accused also took away 349 gold bangles, weighing about 5.177kgs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087180", "title": "Nashik to get first Wine Club House", "text": "NASHIK: The wine capital of the country will now get its own Wine Club House as the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation has given its approval for setting it up at Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur in Nashik district. MTDC also plans to open more Wine Club Houses at other locations in the state where grape wine is produced.The first Wine Club House will be set up over eight acres and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has given its approval to allocate it for the proposed wine cluster project at Godavari Wine Park, located nearly 50 km from the city.\"Basically, wine is tourism-based business and we had requested the MTDC to set up a Wine Club House at locations where wine is produced,\" Jagdish Holkar, chairman of Indian Grape Processing Board and president of All-India Wine Producers' Association, told TOI.The decision to set p the Wine Club House was taken at a meet of senior officials of MTDC, MIDC, office-bearers of Indian Grape Processing Board and All-India Wine Producers' Association and chaired by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mumbai.The Wine Club House will include wine art gallery, wine museum and media centre. Grape wine will be served to tourists in the Wine Club House. \"The main concept is to promote grape wine in Maharashtra. We also had plans to have a centre in Ambad but the proposal was rejected by MIDC due to lack of land,\" Holkar said.The Union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises had announced a wine cluster for Nashik under the medium small enterprises cluster development programme and the Wine Club House is part of it. \"The estimated cost of the project is around Rs 20 crore. The Centre will provide 70% of the total cost, while the rest will be raised by stakeholders of Nashik Valley Wine Cluster,\" an office-bearer of All-India Wine Producers' Association said.The common facility centre will be set up at the wine park under the wine cluster project. Of the total 92 wineries in the country, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, five in Solapur, four in Usmanabad, three in Buldhana and one in Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092452", "title": "CBI registers case in defence land sale in Kashmir; raids on", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has registered a case against Defence Ministry officials and others as part of its probe into alleged irregularities in the sale of military land near the high-security Srinagar airport.Immediately after registering the case, the agency carried out searches at various places in Jammu, Srinagar, Patna, Delhi and Chandigarh, official sources said.The agency had registered a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) into the matter last year during which it claimed to have found evidences that No Objection Certificates (NOCs) were granted to private persons for this prime and strategic piece of land arbitrarily.The CBI has named Ajay Chowdhary, a 1997-batch Defence Estates official, and others in the FIR registered under the IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act.The agency had also conducted enquiry into the records of the Directorate General of Defence Estates and the local revenue, following a request from the Defence Ministry to probe the sanction of the NoC for sale of this land in Kashmir valley.Defence Minister A K Antony had last year informed Parliament that on receipt of complaint, a preliminary enquiry was conducted during which it was found that prima-facie there have been irregularities in the issuance of NOCs which may have wider implications.During the preliminary probe of the Defence Ministry, it was found that more than 70 NOCs were issued by the defence estates department in Srinagar during the last four years. These NOCs were issued to private parties to buy more than 200 acres of land near high-security military installations in Srinagar during the past four years.These NOCs were issued to private parties to buy more than 200 acres of land near the high-security military installations in Srinagar.According to the probe report of the Defence Ministry, some of the land belonging to defence remains in the name of private persons or State government in revenue records, which is a cause of concern as a few persons may take advantage and enter into fraudulent sale/purchase transaction.The Directorate-General of Defence Estates (DGDE) looks after the land for training, ranges, depots, airfields, quartering, camping and offices for military activities.Ministry of Defence owns 17.53 lakh acres of land, out of which approximately 1.57 lakh acres is situated within the 62 notified cantonments and about 15.96 lakh acres is outside these cantonments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092288", "title": "Pooja and Sky celebrate her birthday in LA!", "text": "Former actress, anchor, author and TV personality Pooja Bedi opens up on life, love and motherhood.What are your plans for your birthday? I'm off to Los Angeles and it almost feels like a 40 hour birthday since I will be landing in LA at 7.45 am on 11th May. I'm off with my kids and Sky ( Akashdeep Saigal) and am super thrilled because this is Sky's first trip to LA and it also happens to be my favourite place. We will be staying in Santa Monica and have planned a trip to Universal Studios , Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia and then we'll head to Vegas where we plan to watch a David Copperfield performance. We will also do tons of shopping!Mother's Day is coming up on May 13th. What do you think is the best gift a mother can receive? Anything that's thoughtful and valuable. Love letters and any display of affection.Something memorable your children have done for you? A few years ago, my kids left a note on my bed saying that mom we love you the most but we love dad more for taking care of you. I thought that was adorable. I also took them to Crepe Station (Mumbai) a while ago and there was this painting exhibition that was being held there by children from the Akanksha foundation and they asked me what it is. I told them that the money that comes from buying these paintings goes towards charity. Next thing I know, they surprised me on my birthday with one of the paintings saying that you love art mom and it also supports a cause. Aalia had saved up her pocket money for four months. That was very touching.You are known for your charitable causes including the support you have lent to 'Beti', which also highlights the issue of female feticide. Could you relate to Aamir's Satyamev Jayate? Unfortunately, I could not watch 'Satyamev Jayate' but I did write a story on female feticide in a book called 'Because I am a Girl' and my chapter was titles 'Born to Die' which was published by Random House. My story is about this couple from Lucknow whom I personally met. The wife was pregnant and her husband was forcing her to go for an abortion. A few days later I learnt that the child had died mysteriously. That was shocking.Is Aamir a better host than Salman Khan? I cannot comment because I haven't been able to watch 'Satyamev Jayate' otherwise I definitely would have. The format of Aamir's show appealed to me much more and Aamir as a person and actor is phenomenal.What has been the highlight of your career? I think it would have to be 'Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar' because people still remember me for that role and ask me about that red dress. It's been twenty years to that film and it still plays on TV!You are an author, columnist, host and have also been a model and actor. What next for Pooja Bedi? I have stopped asking myself that question. I've done everything possible on TV from hosting my own show to dancing in 'Jhalaak Dikhlha Jaa'. Suddenly you'll find me doing crazy stunts in 'Fear Factor' and then I'm on a reality show called 'Maa Exchange' where I exposed so much about my personal life. All I can say is that I love challenges and I like doing crazy things. It's been Pandora's Box of surprises! So I can't really answer this question. But if you ask me what has been the highlight of my life, definitely my kids!Three things about Pooja Bedi that we are unaware of? My life is an open boom so people know everything about me. But I can proudly say that I'm a professional cook. I've done cooking courses in Mughlai, Continental and Chinese cuisines. I can't live without tea and I have a spiritual, mystical connection with dragonflies.Can you think of marriage again? How will your kids react? Marriage is a beautiful thing and it's nice to look out for a partner. It's an amazing feeling to love someone so deeply and believe in a happy ever after. But you have to be careful because children are involved. I'm cautious and that's a good thing. I have had my past relationships and I have learnt from them.Is Sky the one for you? When I find the one, I will scream from the rooftops. Sky and me are in the process of getting to know each other. He's a wonderful person and brings a lot of joy to my life as well as to the kids. He warms our heart. For this trip, he's coloured the tip of his hair red and I think he's crazy. He comes up with all these fancy haircuts. He's funny, caring, heartwarming, giving, sensitive, wonderful and very diligent towards my kids. It took him a long time to make an effort. He will wake up at 4am if I need him to help me and he also drops my kids to VT station when needed. So there is no reason not to consider anything but like I said I want to be cautious and take things easy.Your message to the youth? My social message is that we should have more girl children. On a personal note, we are born and then we die. In between we have a short life to live so experience, experience and experience! Do not shackle yourself with conformities and value systems. Of course, you must follow rules and pay taxes.Any wishes for your birthday this year? I wish for everyone to be happy, especially people close to me. I want to see a smile on their faces. I also want to share everything I have. If I make money, I share it with everyone by supporting charitable causes and when I feel happy, I spread the feeling around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "13090159", "title": "High-tension cables drive a man up electricity pole", "text": "FATEHABAD: His earlier complaints remaining unheeded, a 27-year-old man climbed a high-voltage electricity pole in desperation to make himself heard by the authorities. Ram Avatar, a resident of Hans colony here, has been demanding that the department remove high-voltage wires running near the houses.On Thursday, as he clung to a power cable, throwing the residents and officials into a tizzy, supply was disconnected and police summoned to bring him down. He was taken into custody and warned against repeating the act again.A construction worker, Ram has been upset over the high-tension cables installed \"too near\" his home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "13087718", "title": "Probe on to unravel mystery of retired additional superintendent of police\u2019s death", "text": "ADILABAD: The sudden death of retired additional superintendent of police Y Sudhakar continues to be a mystery. Sudhakar was found dead on Wednesday under mysterious circumstances at Kidna village under Karkheli police station limits in Nanded district of Maharashtra. He was on his way to Adilabad to depose in the sessions court in connection with a dowry death case.While two sub-divisional police officers - Sheshu Kumar (Nirmal) and Devidas Nagula (Bhainsa) - have started conducting a detailed investigation into the suspicious death of Sudhakar, cops are also trying to collect details of passengers who travelled with Sudhakar in the train. He had boarded the Krishna Express at Secunderabad on Tuesday night.\"Though the details of the passengers travelling in the general compartment would not be available in the railway records, we are trying to collect some details,\" a police official said.Though the police authorities are ruling out any conspiracy behind the death, the circumstances under which his body was found have raised several doubts.The railway police at Mudkhed junction found his body near the tracks with only a vest and underwear with both the legs broken. There are also doubts among the police as to why Sudhakar, who was a retired ASP, was travelling in a general compartment. A gold chain and ring worn by the retired cop were left untouched. As there was no means of identifying the body, the railway police conducted a post-mortem and buried it.Based on the information provided by the railway police, Basar SI Satish reached Kidna and identified the body. The body was exhumed and brought back and handed over to the relatives of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086642", "title": "New association for jewellers", "text": "KOCHI: Few of the prominent jewellers in Kerala have formed a new association for jewellers in the state and this may be beneficial to the customers in the state. On Tuesday, Kerala Jewellers Federation (KJF), a new group, was launched in Thrissur, led by TS Kalyana Raman chairman of Kalyan Group, Joy Alukkas, chairman of Joyalukkas Group, M P Ahammad, chairman of Malabar Gold &amp; Diamonds and VP Nandakumar, chairman of Manappuram Group.With the coming of KJF, the number of associations of gold merchants has gone up to three. Traditionally, jewellers were associated with All Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants Association based in Alappuzha (AKGSMA). \"We have a heritage of 65 years old and has 3,500 members spread across the state,\" said B Girirajan, president of AKGSMA.The formation of a second pan-Kerala association would be beneficial to the customers as it could bring down the price. While KJF priced their gold at Rs 2,650/g on Wednesday, AKGSMA priced it for a lower range of Rs 2,600/g-which shows that the competition is directly benefitting the customers. However, on Thursday, the price for gold was Rs 2,620 at the member-shops of both the associations.Kalyana Raman president of KJF told TOI that their members can't retain their membership in AKGSMA. In addition, On Wednesday, when AKGSMA members had closed their shops to protest against the increased tax in the last State budget, the members of KJF opened their shops as usual.Apart from the two state-wide associations, there is a third association-All Kerala Gold and Silver Dealers Association (AKGSDA) - a regional association of 250 small players of Thrissur district.The current drop in the price of gold is attributed to a weakened Euro by the commodity analysts.Meanwhile, Geojit Comtrade said in its report on Thursday that \"Spot gold slid lower as a sharp drop in the Euro and ended at $1589 an ounce yesterday. Problems in Spain's banking sector and gloomy European equities kept Euro under pressure. Political deadlock in Greece intimidates insolvency and way out of Euro zone put additional pressure on the currency. At the same time, physical demand is seen emerging from Asia as traders and investors hunted the low price advantages. Demand owing to peak marriage season in India coupled with Chinese demand held physical market firm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087579", "title": "Buying grocery a click away", "text": "KOLKATA: After a hectic week, all Avantika Daswani , 35, wanted to do over the weekend was laze around in her pyjamas. and just relax.But an almost empty larder forced her to go grocery shopping. \"I find it quite annoying to spend the only free day of the week making a trip to the supermarket or haggling with vegetable vendors. But I have no option,\" she rued.Avantika is not alone. There are many like her Avantika for whom grocery shopping is a chore relegated to Sundays.Take the example of Ishan Roy Chowdhury, a drummer by profession who prefers to shop online primarily to avoid the hassle of jostling for parking space. \"It's so convenient and also saves timebesides saving so much time,\" he said.Fortunately, technology has come to your rescue. Now you don't need to lug bags full of grocery or stand in the queue at the supermarket. With the click of a button you can now have everything from fresh vegetables, rice, pulses, grains, cooking oil, to cosmetics, detergents, pet food and even foreign liquour delivered at your doorstep.Today there are a number of players in the city offering online grocery shopping options. Virtual stores are an excellent alternative for those who are either too busy or can't venture out due to age. Though every site functions differently, online stores have to be extremely user-friendly and easily navigable. Some like fortunegrocery.com also try to be innovative. Their whose USP is delivering foreign liquor. While some require you to create a customer log in account others only accept orders through e-mails or on the customer care numbers.For starters, one must log in and select the items which are listed on the website. Once you select the product it gets added to a virtual cart. After the order is registered, it's processed by the back-end service. Then the goods are collected and packed at the warehouse, and an invoice is recorded. Lastly, the goods are shipped to the customer. Most online stores accept payment by credit or debit cards, and some also accept cash on delivery.\"Online shopping for lifestyle products, books, clothes, DVDs has become quite popular over the years, but grocery shopping as a concept is still in its nascent stage. There are a lot of old people, working couples and physically-challenged people who find it difficult to get their grocery from the markets. An online grocery shopping portal providing them to purchase items avoiding the weekend rush is indeed a unique concept,\" said Sandeep Sengupta of mylocalbazaar.com. However, he feels that though e-stores should have found a ready market it's yet to start out. On an order of Rs 1000 mylocalbazaar.com delivers your items for free. \"You can place your order between 10 am -10 pm. And they have their warehouses at Jadavpur and Salt Lake. We deliver within 12 to 48 hours depending on the items,\" said Sengupta.\"It's been a couple of months since I have been doing my grocery shopping online. These online stores, besides providing a variety of products also offer exotic food which is usually not available at the local grocer's shop,\" said Amropali Bose who logs in to mylocalbazaar.com to do her monthly grocery shopping.For Meera Nandi convenience is of primary concern. \"It's so easy. Just a few clicks of the mouse and you are done with your shopping. After which you can sit back and wait for your order,\" she said.Then there are some portals that try to be innovative. Like fortunegrocery.com whose USP is delivering foreign liquor. \"We wanted to provide our costumers with something different always. Hence, apart from delivering foreign liquor we also deliver on a minimum purchase of Rs 100. Fortunergrocery.com has its godown on EM bypass and delivers within 8 hours of placing the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13089589", "title": "Cavemen too craved for holidays by the sea", "text": "LONDON: Setting out on beach holidays in the winter seems to be a thousands of years old choice, as cavemen had even moved to warmer regions surrounding the Mediterranean Sea while the Ice Age reached its peak, a study has found.New DNA analysis has shown how humans sheltered from the Ice Age in Southern France and East Asia, where they remained until the cold snap lifted, 20,000 years ago.It had been known there were two safe havens for humans as the Ice Age reached its peak 26,000 years ago - the 'Franco-Cantabrian' area, roughly coinciding with northern Spain and southern France, and 'Periglacial province' on the Ukrainian plains.Now researchers claimed another group sat out the ice age in East Asia in regions surrounding the Mediterranean Sea. This helps explain mitochrondial DNA in modern Europeans from two lineages, J and T, which originated in the Middle East. It was thought these lines migrated in the Neolithic age, approximately 9,000 years ago.However, the new research suggests that humans belonging to the J and T haplogroups actually migrated to Europe 19,000 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "burnpur", "code": "13087400", "title": "Former CPM MLA's son gunned down in Burnpur", "text": "BURNPUR: A civil contractor and son of former CPM MLA from Hirapur was shot dead in the heart of the town early on Thursday. The assailants struck near the Burnpur Stadium when Arpan Mukherjee, 50, was out for his morning walk around 5.15 am. Mukherjee suffered multiple bullet injuries and died on the spot. The police later found five spent cartridge shells on the spot. The post mortem report will reveal how many bullets actually struck Mukherjee.Though the police said after preliminary inquiry that it wasn't a political murder, local CPM leaders blamed the Trinamool Congress and called a 12-hour Burnpur bandh on Friday. Locals, across party lines, spoke out against the deteriorating law and order situation in the area. Though the area came under a commissionerate after the new government came to power in the state, there has been no marked improvement in the situation, they said.It was a moving sight at the Burnpur IISCO Hospital when Bamapada Mukherjee, 90, came near his son's body. Hundreds of people had gathered there by then. The old man wept inconsolably while locals spoke out against the wanton violence. Bamapada Mukherjee, who was the first mayor of Asansol, is a well-liked person. He was also an MLA and state committee member of the CITU. A close associate of former chief minister Jyoti Basu , people appreciate his role in bringing about much needed modernization for IISCO.The police are sure that it was pre-meditated murder. The assailants were aware of Mukherjee's daily routine. On Thursday morning, he arrived as usual from his Sumatpally residence on a motorcycle. Barely had he parked the motorcycle near the stadium when the killers struck. They shot him from point-blank range and fled the spot. There were no eye-witnesses. Some passers-by found him lying in a pool of blood and took him to the hospital where he was declared brought dead. His body was later shifted to the Asansol sub-division hospital for post mortem.\"He was a contractor with IISCO and the municipal corporation. He had recently gone into real estate development. He didn't have any known enemy and we are still not sure why he was killed. We don't think that this was a political murder though. The Hirapur police station has already started investigations and I have visited the spot myself,\" said Ajay Kumar Nand, commissioner of police, Asansol.According to Subrata Ganguly, additional deputy commissioner of police (west), Mukherjee was president of a local club near the bus stand. \"We have collected five cartridge cases from the spot and investigations are on. There were no witnesses as the crime occurred early in the morning,\" he said.CPM supporters laid siege on the Hirapur police station soon after news of the murder spread. They demanded immediate arrest of the criminals. Among the leaders who visited the spot were Dilip Sarkar and Ashok Mukherjee. Amal Halder, CPM district secretary, Burdwan, arrived later.\"CPM leaders aren't safe in this Trinamool regime. After Pradip Tah, Kamal Gayen, it was the turn of Arpan Mukherjee. The CM created a commissionerate here but law and order has only deteriorated in the industrial belt. This was a political murder and we will start a movement on this issue,\" Halder said.Asansol Municipal Corporation chairman and Trinamool leader Jitendra Tewari, however, denied the charge. \"It was a very tragic incident and we have asked the police to arrest the murderers soon. However, none of our party workers were involved in this crime. Such allegations are baseless,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13089004", "title": "Inter exam evaluation work raises eyebrows", "text": "PATNA: Evaluation of answer-books of Intermediate examinations 2012 is going on at about 59 centres across the state. About a dozen such centres are located in Patna mostly in constituent colleges of Magadh University (MU). The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) appoints head examiners and co-examiners in all subjects.Several senior teachers engaged in the evaluation work feel most of the co-examiners appointed this time are either not the subject teachers or not familiar with their subjects. \"It seems the BSEB has thrown all norms to the wind in appointing co-examiners in English. Several co-examiners are completely unaware of the evaluation norms. Needles to say about their evaluation capabilities,\" a senior teacher of B D College said. He said that in a paper of 50 marks (English) a co-examiner had awarded 54 marks. Luckily, it was timely detected by the head examiner and the error was rectified, he said. Similarly, a few co-examiners always appear to be in a hurry while evaluating answer-books. A co-examiner instead of thoroughly evaluating answer-books, adopted a novel method to post marks on the flap of the answer-books only. Though the guilty co-examiner was issued stern warning, it spoke volume of co-examiners appointed by the BSEB, senior teachers said.Justifying the need to select experienced teachers for evaluation work, a senior English teacher said, \"I wanted to bang my head against the wall when my co-examiner awarded full marks for a wrong answer. To top it all, 'simile' had become 'smile' for him and fetched full marks to the examinee concerned,\" he said.A few co-examiners, who belong to affiliated colleges, said that they earn money from evaluation works. They hardly get salaries as teachers of the affiliated and proposed colleges. Thus, it is money that matters for them instead of maintaining standard of evaluation work, they remarked.According to BSEB chairman Rajmani Prasad, a panel of senior teachers from different constituent colleges had prepared the list of head examiners and co-examiners this time. \"It is really unfortunate that most of senior teachers from constituent colleges do not bother to associate themselves with the Intermediate exam answer-books evaluation work,\" he said and added the BSEB would not compromise on the quality of evaluation work.Prasad said that he himself had been visiting evaluation centres to check evaluation work across the state. \"I would personally look into the matter if any compliant about any co-examiner or any other discrepancy is brought to my knowledge by the centre director,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087829", "title": "Teachers on strike to get show-cause notices: Tope", "text": "PUNE: State minister for higher education Rajesh Tope on Thursday said show-cause notices will be served to teachers who fail to report to duty and undertake evaluation of answer sheets. Tope said all universities in the state have been asked to initiate action against teachers who have been boycotting assessment work.Tope was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a programme to mark the 48th foundation day of Bharati Vidyapeeth.\"Positive steps are being taken on various demands raised by the teachers. Some demands are in the purview of the union government. The state government can hardly do anything in these matters or take any decision,\" said Tope.State school education minister Rajendra Darda backed the recent initiative of the state government to scrutinize attendance in schools. Darda said the scrutiny was necessary to find out the actual attendance in schools. The scrutiny revealed that 2,600 schools registered lower than 50% attendance.Darda, however, expressed the need to upgrade school infrastructure, including skills of teachers.State forest minister Patangrao Kadam was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087857", "title": "Rajasthan to form all-women task force to curb feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after Aamir Khan met chief minister Ashok Gehlot and sought his assistance in checking female feticide, the state government on Thursday decided to form an all-women task force and also deploy 15 'Hamari Beti Express' vans to create awareness on the issue.Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma said: \"There would be 100 women in the task force who would provide vital information on those involved in female feticide. The task force was earlier announced by Gehlot in the budget,\" he said.Besides, Gehlot held a meeting with chief secretary CK Mathew to discuss the issue of female feticide on Thursday.\"Before Aamir took up the issue, the state government had already done a lot to curb the menace,\" Mathew said.Action had also been taken against erring persons in this regard. In fact, we are the only one in the country which has filed maximum number of cases related to female feticide. We will take more serious action in the coming days,\" Mathew said.Apart from taking legal action against those involved in female feticide, the government has also decided to create awareness on the declining sex ratio in the state.Mathew said the government is drawing up a long-term strategy to deal with the problem. \"The government has plans to carry out intensive information, education and communication (IEC) activities with an aim to get more people involved in the fight against female feticide,\" Mathew said.For getting more people involved, the state government will take the help of 15 Hamari Beti Express, which would spread awareness about importance of girl child and about PCPNDT Act, which states that sex selection is a offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088739", "title": "Two of drug ring held, cops seize Rs 3.5kg heroin", "text": "CHENNAI: The Narcotics Control Bureau on Thursday uncovered an international drug racket being run from Madhya Pradesh after arresting two men in Chennai and seizing 3.5kg of heroin. The contraband is worth more than Rs 3.5 crore, NCB officials said.Thursday's bust involved the biggest drugs seizure in Chennai zone the past year. Investigators have launched a hunt for two Sri Lankan Tamils and two men from Madhya Pradesh. To avoid compromising the operation, NCB officials only released the name of one of the arrested men. They believe that Prasad and his associate were only carriers for the gang that smuggles the high value contraband from Madhya Pradesh to Sri Lanka.During interrogation, Prasad and his associate provided NCB investigators details about the gang members who gave them the contraband. They planned to send the heroin to Sri Lanka by ferry.Acting on a tip, NCB officials laid a trap and nabbed the smugglers near the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus on Thursday. Investigators found they had have concealed the drug in their inner garments. Prasad and his accomplice were to meet a person near Tambaram and hand over the consignment to him. They came to the city from Madhya Pradesh by train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091835", "title": "Prabhu Deva relocates to Mumbai", "text": "With his Hindi films gaining speed, the South star choreographer-director has decided to shift to the heartland of Bollywood.Prabhu Deva is shifting base. The actor-choreographer-director will relocate to Mumbai, since he has decided to focus more on Bollywood. \"I have many professional commitments in the Hindi film industry. To honour them, I will settle in Mumbai,\" he says.Currently Prabhu is busy with his directorial venture Rowdy Rathore, which is inspired by Tamil hit Siruthai. \"I have also committed to a film titled Any Body Can Dance (ABCD). I am doing a crucial role in it,\" he says.The South star choreographer-director adds: \"In addition to these commitments, I have been approached by some top producers to do movies for them. So I will be busy in Bollywood for the next few years. Dancing is my passion while directing movies is my dream.\"Denying reports that he posed for photographs with Trisha during his birthday party only to irk Nayanthara, Prabhu Deva, who was in a relationship with the Ayya actress for more than two years, says, \"Certainly not. I don't want to comment on this.\"Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13090989", "title": "Gursimran, Pranav win poetry contest", "text": "Dugri: Junior students of the Ram Lal Bhasin Public School participated in an English poem recitation competition, which aimed at making students more confident with language usage, improving their oratory skills and removing the stage fear among them.They were judged on the basis of grammar, intonation, pronunciatition, confidence and delivery. The winners- Gursimran Singh, Pranav, Anjali Goyal, Gurvir Singh, and Aditya Gargi- were awarded by head mistress Tarranum Fatma.Students' cabinet formedThe new cabinet of students took their oath at the investiture ceremony of Sacred Heart Senior Secondary School, BRS Nagar.Gurpreet Singh was elected the head boy while Divnoor Kaur was elected as the head girl. The students also received prizes for their academic achievements and some were awarded for 100% attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087169", "title": "I'm captain till end of season, insists Sourav Ganguly", "text": "PUNE: Sourav Ganguly said on Thursday that a captain has to keep performing to hold his place in the team but his lack of form alone should not be held responsible for the team's debacle. \"There is no doubt that the captain has to lead from the front, but it (cricket) is a team sport. Just like any other player, a captain has to perform but he is also a human being and is likely to fail... Sometimes the team could be winning when the captain is not in form. When India won the World Cup, Dhoni was not in form until the final,\" he said.With only 261 runs from 13 games, Ganguly's batting has been a topic of debate in IPL 5, although his leadership skills have still shone through. With Daniel Vettori of Bangalore and Kumar Sangakkara of Hyderabad opting out from the playing eleven in a match or two, there has been talk in the Pune camp that the former India captain should adopt a similar approach, especially since the team is out of the race for a playoff berth.Reacting to this argument, Ganguly said: \"It depends. In both these cases the captains were overseas players. Vettori made way for Muralitharan, which was not a bad choice,\" he said.So, there is no truth in reports that he will opt out of the remaining three games? \"Absolutely. I am the captain for the full season and will continue to be the captain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092842", "title": "Ambedkar cartoon, Aircel-Maxis issues disrupt Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cartoon depicting B R Ambedkar purportedly published in a NCERT textbook and row over home minister P Chidambaram's statement in the Aircel-Maxis deal on Friday led to disruption of the Lok Sabha.As soon as the House met, Thirumaa Valavan Thol (VCK) trooped into the Well waving placards claiming insult to Ambedkar in a cartoon in an Class XI NCERT textbook.The House was first adjourned till noon and then till 2pm amid uproar.At the same time, BJP members Yashwant Sinha and Shahnawaz Hussain and a few others were on their feet protesting Chidambaram reading out his son Karti's statement in the Lok Sabha on Thursday.Leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj sought to know from Speaker Meira Kumar as to how a minister could read out his son's statement on the pretext of giving a personal explanation to the House. \"Instead of making a personal explanation, he read out a statement on behalf of his son and also invoked Jesus Christ. Why did the Chair allow the statement,\" Swaraj asked.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said Chidambaram was well within his rights to make a personal statement as Sinha (BJP) had levelled \"irresponsible and reckless\" allegations against the home minister and his son. He said Sinha had levelled the allegations against Chidambaram without giving a notice to him as per parliamentary practice. \"The statement was necessary and no rules were flouted,\" Bansal said adding that the BJP member had sought to link two separate matters that had happened in June and in October.As Bansal was making his statement on Aircel-Maxis issue involving Chidambaram, Valavan was seen waving a placard and distributing copies of the cartoon among the members. Later, when allowed to speak, the VCK member demanded HRD minister Kapil Sibal's resignation triggering uproar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088563", "title": "Under attack, transgender finds refuge in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Aatma (name changed) was very ambitious. The transgender learnt dance in Kerala Kalamandalam, a premier institution for the performing arts. With the help of her boyfriend, she had a sex change operation and moved in with him. They were together for five months in Kochi but she was forced to flee Kerala last week.According to transgender organisations in Chennai, Aatma is just one of many transgenders who are forced to leave Kerala, where they are harassed because of their sexuality. Many of them move to Chennai where there is more acceptability.\"My wish was to become a housewife. Though I managed to find a partner, society would not allow us to live together because I am a transgender,\" said Aatma, whose boyfriend returned to his parents' house after the couple was threatened. \"Though Kerala claims to be a progressive state, Tamil Nadu gives sexual minorities much more protection. They do not let us live in peace in Kerala,\" said Aatma.Sources in Chennai said, at least 100 transgenders have made Chennai their home over the past few years after they were forced to leave Kerala.Rose Venkatesan, India's first transgender television show host, says transgenders in Kerala get a raw deal. \"I am shocked at the number of transgenders victimised in Kerala and how they are treated there. Many transgenders from Kerala have been forced to take refuge here. It is shameful for a state which is known for being progressive and literate,\" said Venkatesan, who gave shelter to Aatma when she came to Chennai last week.Sahodaran, a group working for rights of sexual minorities, has given shelter to many transgenders. Members of the group say transgenders are forced to leave Kerala because everyone, including the police, hound them out of the state.Transgenders in Kerala become outcasts the moment they decide to come out in the open, says a former United Nations Development Programme adviser who worked for sexual minorities in south Asian countries. \"When they start crossdressing, they become targets of ridicule,\" he said. \"It is still not possible for transgenders in India to get jobs in any mainstream profession. That's why they either become sex workers or beggars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088695", "title": "Naveen Patnaik smitten by Swami foundation, Kalakshetra", "text": "CHENNAI: When he arrived on Thursday, Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik was received at the airport by president of the Utkal Association of Madras Khirod Kumar Jena and environment and pollution control minister BV Ramana, from where he was whisked, along with his agriculture secretary and the rest of his entourage to the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation at Taramani.At MSSRF, Patnaik's schedule was choc-a-bloc with exhibitions, lectures, and presentations. For the first half-hour of his visit, Patnaik was taken through an exhibition of organic grains and 'kalajeera' rice, after which he sat through a presentation of the work done by the foundation on their 12.5 acre farm in Odisha. Patnaik was particularly smitten by a poster, which illustrated MSSRF's work in Odisha, and decided to take it back with him.It wasn't just the poster that impressed Patnaik. He seemed equally interested in a presentation on the benefits of aqua farming to fishermen in Odisha and was seen instructing his agriculture minister to make note of some key points. Although seats were reserved at MSSRF Chennai police commissioner JK Tripathy and Tamil Nadu chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi - both originally from Odisha - they were conspicuous by their absence.Patnaik spent the rest of his evening at Kalakshetra, where he was received by the institute's deputy director Karunaker Menon and the chairman of the board Gopalkrishna Gandhi. At Chennai's premier cultural institution, Patnaik was treated to a veena recital by N Ananthanarayanan at the Padma Pushkarini, the open air amphitheatre.\"The minister was keen on visiting the instrument cottage, which houses a 150-year-old piano that was played by MS Subbalakshmi and another piano that was played by Rukmini Devi,\" said a faculty member at Kalakshetra. The minister then watched a dance performance choreographed by Leela Samson and Rukmini Devi at the Rukmini Arangam.Next on Patnaik's itinerary was a visit to the Theosophical Society and dinner at the Taj Club House, hosted by the president of the Utkal Association of Madras, which was attended by more than 75 prominent Oriyas in Chennai. On Friday, Patnaik is expected to attend a function to commemorate the 76th anniversary of the Odisha Foundation Day at the Centenary Auditorium at the University of Madras, which will be attended by chief minister J Jayalalithaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13091959", "title": "Train timings revised", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to revise the timings of train number 56903 Solapur-Dharwad passenger with effect from May 14. Train number 56903 Solapur-Dharwad Passenger will depart from Solapur at 00-40 hrs with effect from May 14 and arrive at Dharwad at 10-05 hrs, the next day.Enroute, the train will depart from Hotgi at 01-12 hrs (midnight), Tadval at 01-30 hrs, Lachyan at 01-43 hrs, Indi Road at 02-00 hrs, Nimbal at 02-12 hrs, Minchanal at 02-30 hrs, Bijapur at 03-00 hrs, Mulvad at 03-25 hrs, Basavana Bagewadi Road at 03-47 hrs, Almatti at 04-10 hrs, Jadarammakunte at 04-30 hrs, Mugalolli at 04-57 hrs, Bagalkot at 05-20 hrs, Guledgudda Road at 05-35 hrs, Badami at 05-50 hrs, Lakhmapur at 06-00 hrs, Hole Alur at 06-10 hrs, Mallapur at 06-22 hrs, Balganur at 06-32 hrs, Hombal at 06-45 hrs, Gadag at 07-50 hrs, Hulkoti at 08-10 hrs, Annigeri at 08-20 hrs, Navalgund Road at 08-35 hrs, Sisvinahalli at 08-43 hrs, Hebsur at 08-53 hrs, Kusugal at 09-00 hrs, Hubli at 09-20 hrs, Unkal at 09-28 hrs, Amargol at 09-43 hrs and depart at Navalur at 09-50 hrs with effect from May 14, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087727", "title": "Dharna to protest panchayat delimitation", "text": "PANAJI: Protesting the gross manipulation and abuse in the delimitation and reservation of village panchayat wards for the panchayat elections, the Panchayat Bachao Abhiyan (PBA), Goa, is organizing a dharna on May 14 in front of the directorate of panchayats.The dharna will be held at Junta House, Panaji , from 10am to 5pm, said the PBA in a statement. The PBA has condemned the reluctance of the government to remedy the injustice and fraud which denies the people free and fair panchayat elections. \"The threat to the grass-root temples of democracy arising from lack of proper safeguards from abuses in the electoral process and failure to ensure accountability and transparency in administration of village panchayats is a matter of serious concern,\" it read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13093198", "title": "Ybrant to acquire three online brands", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ybrant Digital said it will acquire three internet brands of US-based Experian Interactive Media (EIM), for a consideration of $175 million (about Rs 930 crore).Experian Interactive is currently one of the top five internet advertisers in the US.Ybrant Digital Chairman and Managing Director Suresh Reddy said while $100 million will be paid in cash, the rest will be through a seller note as a short-term arrangement of two to three years.Ybrant will be acquiring EIM's comparison shopping engine PriceGrabber.com, that powers Yahoo and MSN Shopping, free online service LowerMyBills.com, that allows consumers to compare rates on various `fixed cost' items such as mortgage, auto insurance and health insurance, and higher education portal ClassUSA.com for $175 million, Reddy said at a press conference here.The acquisition will add a business of $283 million (around Rs 1,500 crore), an employee strength of over 300, and the entire management team to Ybrant, he said.He said Ybrant will raise $100 million as loan from ICICI Bank and Credit Suisse.Reddy said the deal is expected to be closed after Ybrant gets listed through its merger with Hyderabad-based publicly-listed IT implementation and outsourcing services provider LGS Global Ltd, which it acquired in August 2011.Stating that the merged entity, Ybrant Digital Ltd, is likely to be traded shortly on the Bombay and Madras Stock Exchanges, Reddy said the listed company would go in for instruments like qualified institutional placement (QIP) and foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) later this year to clear the bank loans.This is the eighth acquisition by Ybrant in as many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088935", "title": "New system based on Ready Reckoner rates", "text": "MUMBAI: Since the old system was based on the first-year rents, older buildings paid far lesser taxes than newer ones, until the property tax chart became lopsided. Older buildings, especially those in the island city, paid much lower taxes than many suburban constructions.The civic standing committee on Thursday approved the new capital-value system, which bases taxes for all buildings (old and new) according to the Ready Reckoner rate. Bills will be issued retrospectively within the next three months. The civic body will return the excess money charged in provisional bills with 6.25% interest.The watered-down taxation system for residential units will be based on a formula that takes into account 0.00348% of the Ready Reckoner rate and not the proposed 0.00412%, which had been struck down by the standing committee earlier this year.The new rates will affect 6.62 lakh residential units of the 14 lakh in the city. Of the 6.6 lakh units, 3.87 lakh (or 27% of 14 lakh) will see reductions ranging from 30-40% and 50-60%. The reduced rates will especially benefit buildings that came up after 2005. Redeveloped buildings will be treated as new buildings.Another 2.75 lakh units (19%) will see property rates rising up to 100%. Most are old houses that pay Rs 2,000 a year in tax; their rates will increase to Rs 4,000. The maximum number of such structures are found in the Andheri-Parle (West) area (50,000), the Bandra-Khar-Santa Cruz (West) area (34,000) and the Esplanade-Fort-Colaba area (11,000).The remaining 7.4 lakh of the city's 14 lakh units are less than 500 sq ft (including in slums and chawls) and hence won't see any change in billing.The buildings that will see lower increases or reductions are those that mushroomed after 1995, when the slum rehabilitation scheme was announced. Around 1998-99, buildings started mushrooming in Bandra, Khar, Santa Cruz , Andheri, Malad, Kandivli, Borivli and Dahisar. Around 2004, suburban Goregaon began getting new buildings.In the island city, cessed buildings began to be redeveloped around 1998-99. Around 2004-05, mill areas in Dadar, Worli and Parel saw development. At the same time, Malabar Hill and Nepean Sea Road began getting new residential buildings.The upside of the new system is that citizens can calculate their own taxes and pay them online. The civic body, which hopes for a better recovery, aims to increase revenue collection by Rs 356 crore. Currently, it collects Rs 2,800 crore from 55% of the properties. Officials are hopeful for an 85% recovery. (See box for payment formula.)The suburbs will benefit more, said officials, due to the presence of more new buildings. However, the overall impact of the new system, said officials, will take some time to be ascertained. \"As of today, we have just fixed the rate of property tax at 0.00348 % However, its area-wise impact across the suburbs will take time to be assessed. This, however, is a uniform rate that doesn't differentiate between the suburbs and city, and hence the difference in rates will reduce,\" said an official.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said the new system would ensure transparency since citizens will compute their own taxes. \"People will be able to verify and calculate the taxes based on their property. This should ensure better recovery,\" he said.The BMC is deliberating a suggestion to not issue a penalty for delay in payment of taxes this year and is likely to extend the due date to March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088801", "title": "Adarsh society seeks dismissal of Public Interest Litigation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh housing society on Thursday filed an affidavit before the Bombay high court seeking dismissal of a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Pravin Wategaonkar that led to an Enforcement Directorate probe against its members, by pointing to the judicial commission's order on the land ownership issue.Lieutenant commander (retd) Gurmukh Singh Grewal said in a fresh affidavit that the petitioner's charges against Adarsh members of benami properties and questionable sources of funds were false and motivated. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered a criminal case against 14 accused for conspiracy to illegally grab the Adarsh plot for personal benefits last January.He said the FIR was particularly based on allegations that the land belonged to the defence ministry. The state had set up a two-member judicial commission to among things ascertain whose land it was. The commission, after recording evidence of 38 witnesses, said the land was the state's.The affidavit questioned Army chief General V K Singh's public comments on the issue too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088184", "title": "Skeleton found in shed near Chikkajala", "text": "BANGALORE: The skeleton of a man was recovered from a locked shed in Sonnappanahalli, Chikkajala, around 10km from Bangalore International Airport.The skeleton was lying in a shed owned by Muttamma of Chikkajala. A stone on the head showed that the person had been bludgeoned to death. Preliminary investigations revealed that the skeleton is at least three months old. Police suspect the victim is Premjit, from Uttar Pradesh. A search is on for his two colleagues.Deputy commissioner of police, Northeast, G Ramesh said the victim was a daily wage worker from Uttar Pradesh. \"Three men were living in the shed. They worked as mosaic tile polishers at a construction site near Attur cross,\" police said.Shed owner Muttamma told police that she collected rent once in three months.\"The incident came to light when Muttamma went to collect rent on Thursday. To her surprise, the door was locked. She peeped through the window, and saw the skeleton,\" police said.Locals ignored foul smellThere are many cattle sheds and a drain near Muttamma's tiny shed, which is why locals did not pay any attention to the foul smell of the decomposing body. Instead, they cleansed the drain twice, a local resident told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087561", "title": "Once a teacher\u2019s colony, now a used plastic dumpyard", "text": "HYDERABAD: The burning smell of plastic invades every house in Shastripuram colony located on the fringes of the city's industrial hub of Kattedan. This being a regular feature, the colony is also where plastic scrap is indiscriminately dumped and burnt by small industries. And to think of it, the once quiet Shastripuram was established in the 1980's as a residential colony for teachers!For its residents today, there seems to be no respite from health problems caused due to air and noise pollution emanating from the plastic units which have invaded their living quarters.As the adjoining industrial belt of Kattedan flourished, the number of godowns in Shastripuram grew. That however did not deter the surge in residential population which now stands close to 20,000. In a kilometre-long stretch, more than 15 units involved in storage and used plastic processing thrive, forcing residents to contend with health problems. Locals rue that their miseries are unlikely to end anytime soon as the authorities are ignorant to their plight allowing plastic storage repositories to mushroom in a residential area.\"Air pollution is the biggest problem here. Plastic scrap is burnt in the open every night. The streets are covered with the toxic residue. This is clearly harmful for all, including animals. The water also gets contaminated, especially when it rains,\" said Esa Abdul Rahman , a resident of the area. Rahman lives a stone's throw away from one such unit where plastic wastes are allowed to pile for years without any concern for public health.The noise emanating out of the plastic units only make things worse for the elderly. Sixty-year-old Mahbub Pasha, a grocery businessman, says that the constant din of plastic and steel cutting in his locality is cogent enough to contemplate moving out. \"There is no respite for us here. We have to be happy if the noise is a few decibels below unbearable. When the work starts, we get startled. The noise has had an affect on our hearing, besides proving dangerous for elderly people with heart ailments.\" Mohammed Aleemuddin, a general physician who practices in Shastripuram informs that every month he gets at least 15 complaints of asthma and allergies from residents of the area. \"Children are most affected by the pollution. Asthma and other respiratory distresses are common. Parents also bring their children with complaints of skin problems,\" he said. He added that the plastic units have also polluted borewells in the locality and spoke of a neighborhood mosque where the tap water cannot even be used for ablution.A member of Shastripuram welfare society said that despite lodging repeated complaints with the Pollution Control Board and the GHMC, the factories remain. \"We have tried to get the units out of the area. Our efforts have only fallen flat time and again. The businessmen work favours and ensure that the authorities do not touch them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13086825", "title": "Viswanathan Anand will start with white in the game against Boris Gelfand", "text": "CHENNAI: It is time for the opening moves in Moscow. World champion Viswanathan Anand will play with white in the opening game on Friday against challenger Boris Gelfand of Israel in the 12-game match for the 2012 World Chess Championship. Anand drew white in the opening ceremony at Moscow's Tretyakov Art Gallery on Thursday.Anand, having widened his repertoire since 2008, is likely to stick to his Queen-pawn opening with white against Boris Gelfand of Israel unless, of course, he has found some chinks in his rival's armour. Anand has almost the same team of seconds -- trusted Peter Heine Nielsen of Denmark, Radoslav Wojtasek of Poland, Rustam Kasimdzhanov of Uzbekistan and Surya Sekhar Ganguly of India -- and even if he has to try something new it is quite unlikely that the World champion would unravel it at the start. Basically, he can draw from the reserves of his earlier preparation.\"It always helps you when you work with the same set of people for long. We have been working with each other for quite sometime and we have respect for each other. This team has worked for me,\" Anand had said of his seconds after his last match.While Anand has a record of changing track in his openings (from e4 to d4), Gelfand belongs to the old Soviet school which does not believe in the idea of change for surprises. With white, he has invariably played the Queen-pawn opening against Anand. The last time they met in 2011, it was a Queen's Gambit Declined and in 2009 there was a Catalan -- both were drawn.Thus, it is to be expected that when Gelfand has white, he would either play the Queen's Gambit Declined, Catalan or Slav defence, indicating that Anand would prefer solid systems to ensure a draw. \"I think Anand would be happy to get draws with black against Gelfand and try to win with white,\" said Chennai-based Grandmaster RB Ramesh.Curiously, Gelfand last beat Anand in a classical game with white in 1993. Having said that, it is not right to say Gelfand will play only Queen-pawn openings. The Israeli had used the King-pawn opening to win a game in the Candidates tournament against Anatoly Karpov in 1995.Anand has employed all kinds of openings against Gelfand since 2007 in blitz, blindfold and rapid formats. So it is difficult to harbour a guess as to what the Indian would do when he has white.The last time when they met in the World championship (tournament) in 2007, Anand drew against Petroff with white. And the last Anand win against Gelfand came in 2006 in Wijk aan Zee with a Najdorf Sicilian. Interestingly, Gelfand says he has found some weakness in Anand's games. \"Yes, I have discovered weaknesses in his game, but I will not discuss them. The way to beat Anand is perfect preparation, form and a will to fight. And some luck to get the right kind of opening on the board.\"Gelfand's team on paper has his trusted second Alexander Huzman, who moved to Israel from Soviet Union in 1992, and Maxim Rodshtein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13092232", "title": "NITK's student venture among India's 20 best", "text": "MANGALORE: Students have made the National Institute of Technology, Karnataka (NITK) proud by bagging laurels of Tata and National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN).TechVentures, a platform to throw real life industry-defined technical and entrepreneurial challenges to students at NITK, has been ranked among the top student ventures. The platform, which was launched by students Raghav Raghunathand Madhumitha Sridhara in October 2011, was rated among India's 20 best student-run ventures by Tata and NEN.Raghav, a final year student of metallurgical and material science, told TOI that TechVentures was formed as an interface between students of technology institutes and SME industries to connect and leverage upon the intellectual capital available in institutes to address issues in the industry.\"A lot of small scale industries cannot invest huge money to import advanced state-of-the-art machinery needed to boost productivity. TechVenture addresses this issue. With the support of faculty members, TechVenture develops low cost machines using available infrastructure and cashing on the enormous intellectual capital of engineering students and faculty. It helps develop a sustainable relationship between industries and institute too,\" he explained.The team of students has successfully completed the pilot project by working on a coconut dehusking project for Swastika Coconut Products Private Limited. \"As our pilot project, we initiated a competition for the best design for a deshelling machine. Our team, including Tariq and MP Prajwal, second year mechanical students, were involved in the making of the machine, which was satisfactory and achieved crucial parameters,\" Raghav said.\"The machine is nearly 15 times faster than a human hand and yields completely deshelled coconuts with a current efficiency of 80-85% with minor cracks and defects. This is the first of its kind and cheapest deshelling machine in India, developed at cost of below Rs15000. The Science Technology and Entrepreneurship Park ( STEP-NITK) will help in applying for a provisional patent for the same,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088740", "title": "Incomplete projects rose steeply during DF rule", "text": "MUMBAI: A Right to Information (RTI) query on pending irrigation projects shows the Democratic Front (DF) government in poor light, even as the Congress and its ally, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), take digs at each other over the issue.In response to a query filed by social activist Chetan Kothari, the irrigation department said the number of incomplete/pending projects rose from 548 at the end of 1997 to 1,381 in 2007, an increase of over 2.5 times. The Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party was in power in the state between 1995 and 1999.Even unspent amount on the projects rose from Rs18,600 crore in 1997 to Rs40,050 crore in 2007, the query revealed.While Kothari obtained information on pending irrigation projects till 2007, TOI got the latest statistics. A senior department official said there are 670-odd pending projects, involving an unspent amount of nearly Rs74,000 crore.As per the 2011 statistics, 75 major irrigation projects, 128 medium irrigation projects and 543 small and minor irrigation projects are incomplete.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has directed that no new projects be taken up in the near future. Last week, he hinted at a shift in focus to minor irrigation schemes and improved planning to ensure farmers get more benefits from irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13089315", "title": "Laser show at Nehru Park", "text": "AKOLA: Laser show and musical fountain have now become added attractions in Nehru Park, off Murtizapur Road. Director Nehru Park BS Deshmukh said, \"Such shows are set up only in metropolitan city. The laser show and the musical fountain are the first of its kind in Vidarbha and second in Maharashtra.\" \"A 350-seat stadium has been set up in the park. Various pictures through laser rays will be shown on a 25x50 ft water curtain. A musical fountain which throws 16 different colours will be another feature of the park.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13091684", "title": "Vadodara scores 62.91%", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara scored 62.91 per cent, lower than the state's overall pass per cent that stood at 67.70, as results of 12th science were declared by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Thursday.Of the 7,981 students who had registered for the exams, 7,908 students had appeared. A total of 4,975 students from the district cleared the exams and declared 'eligible for qualifying certificate (EQC)' while the rest - 3,006 students - were put in the 'need improvement' category.A total of 25 students received A1 grade, whereas 377 bagged A2 grade. Similarly, 759 and 1,144 students received grade B1 and grade B2. Another 1431 students have received C1 and 725 students C2. Number of students with D grade are 514.Topping the chart was Erika Patel, a student of Narayan School, who scored 99.99 percentile with grade A1. \"The results are as per my expectations,\" said Patel, who had missed Gujarat board's toppers list during her SSC exams by just one mark.\"I am happy with the results and am appearing for entrance exams to enter into electronics and communication engineering,\" Erika, daughter of a city-based physics teacher C D Patel, told TOI.\"We never had to pressurize her to study,\" said Erika's proud father.Tejas Dharamsi, a student of Rosary School, cleared the exams with 99.87 percentile and grade A1.\"His own efforts and guidance of teachers have made this possible,\" Tejas' father Jay told TOI. Like his father, who is an engineering graduate, Tejas too wants to pursue engineering after which he aims to get into one of the IIMs.Among the 10 exam centres in the district, the exam centre in the tribal town - Chhota Udepur - had the highest pass per cent - 75.51 - with a total of 592 students clearing the exams. At Chhota Udepur, 784 out of 792 registered students had appeared for the exams.Mandvi exam centre in urban Vadodara scored the lowest pass per cent - 47.78 - with 121 students out of 257 clearing the exams.At Dabhoi exam centre, the pass per cent was 49.30 with 496 students clearing the exams. Here, 1006 students out of 1011 registered had sat in the exams.At Indrapuri exam centre, the pass per cent was 66.67 while at Sayajigunj, the pass per cent was 62.38. At Fatehgunj, the pass per cent was 63.69 while the pass per cent at Atladra was 71.74. At two other exam centres - Raopura and Manjalpur - the pass per cent was 59.47 and 58.33, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088669", "title": "ED files criminal case against Kripa", "text": "MUMBAI: In another blow to former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh, the Enforcement Directorate has filed a criminal complaint against him for an offence of money laundering under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). The ED found a prima facie case against Singh and his family members and is seriously investigating it.Once the investigation is complete, the ED will file a further report to state if it has concrete evidence, an officer said on condition of anonymity. The investigation is on against Singh, wife Maltidevi, son Narendra Kumar Singh, daughter-in-law Ankita Singh, daughter Sunita Singh and son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh. The Bombay high court had treated an initial March 30, 2011 report of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) as a complete report on the enumerated assets of Singh and his family members. The ED began probing Singh's disproportionate assets estimated to be worth Rs 320 crore after the HC order in a public interest litigation filed by RTI activist Sanjay Tiwari. The activist had filed the Singh family assets and bank details that revealed transaction in \"astronomical amounts\", as the HC said.The HC had held that Singh's acquisition of flat, cash, agricultural land and gold jewellery are testimony to support the petition of his ill-gotten wealth. It had also not accepted Singh's explanations given to the ACB.The complaint, which is under section 3 of PMLA and deals with offence of money laundering, can attract a minimum of three years' imprisonment and maximum of seven years. The section defines the offence as essentially involving use of tainted money as untainted. The act says, \"Whoever directly or indirectly attempts or knowingly assists or is knowingly a party or actually involved in any process or activity connected with the proceeds of crime and tries to pass it of as untainted money or property shall be guilty of offence of money laundering.\"Over two months ago, the HC had directed the Mumbai police to treat the PIL as a criminal complaint and directed the city police chief to personally head the probe.The special investigation team headed by police chief Arup Patnaik had recently submitted its report to the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089142", "title": "Public Interest Litigation seeks action against babus for sugar mills sell-off", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was filed in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday by RTI activist Nutan Thakur seeking action against the officials responsible for selling 21 government sugar mills at throwaway prices during Mayawati regime.The PIL shall come for hearing on Friday before Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice V K Dixit. In her PIL, Thakur has stated that irregularities took place in the sale of 10 sugar mills belonging to the Uttar Pradesh State Sugar Corporation Limited and 11 sugar mills of Uttar Pradesh Rajya Chini evam Ganna Vikas Nigam. The mills were sold by the previous Mayawati government. She has cited a CAG report on the sale of these mills. tnnThe CAG report titled \"Performance review on sale of sugar mills of Uttar Pradesh State Sugar Corporation Limited\" was sent by Pawan Kumar Mittal, Deputy Accountant General, Lucknow, to Brinda Swarup, then principal secretary, finance, UP government, on November 17, 2011. The report has brought to the fore how the 'core group of secretaries for disinvestment' formed by the state government for sale of mills favoured buyers at every step.Nutan has prayed in the PIL that the UP government should be directed to take suitable legal and administrative actions in accordance with this CAG report within three months. The CAG report states that not only mills were under-valued before sale but the bidding was also rigged and expected prices were disclosed to the bidders. Further, large scale stamp duty evasion also took place. The anomalies led to loss of around RS 1200 crore to the public exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093354", "title": "Nalini Mehta's final show in Mumbai", "text": "Nalini Mehta's unique acrylic art is on display in Mumbai, writes Debarati S SenThe year: 1947, the place: a thriftstore in the US - a young girl in her twenties is fascinated by a decor item that looks like crystal to her. She finds out that it is an acrylic sheet and notices that there is a hole drilled in at the top to hang the piece. And that is her Eureka moment. There germinates the idea to use a grill to etch designs and then fill it with paint and Nalini Mehta, the artist is born.It took her more than 60 years to develop the art and now, at 87, Nalini is having an exhibition of her works 'The Final Show', in the city. Her first exhibition was at the Jehangir Art Gallery in 1966. \"When I began, acrylic was new to even the US, and later, when I was back in India, I used to buy it as scrap from a bangle factory and work on it,\" says Nalini. Over the years, she honed her skill. She modified and tapered the drill, that is like her paintbrush or pencil, for her canvas, which are the acrylic sheets. She carves and etches on the back of the sheet, then fills it with watercolour and some chemicals to make it blend well with the acrylic and then using Plaster of Paris (PoP), seals it off. \"The paints I use are fast and do not fade at all. The PoP prevents dust from settling into the grooves,\" she explains. Beautifully illuminated from below, the works of art seem to have a life of their own - the flowers look three-dimensional and the colours fresh and bright. Her works are in all kinds of shapes and sizes and mostly she has depicted flowers, ferns and birds in her works.This art form is a challenge, because there is no scope of mistake. \"You make one wrong scratch and you have to throw away the entire sheet because you cannot erase it in any way at all,\" she says. We try to fathom the tremendous amount of patience and perseverance that is required to do this work and she smiles. \"Yes. It is like a sadhana ,\" she says.Nalini's art is unique and she agrees with a merry laugh, \"Yes, you are right, I have never seen anyone else do this kind of work.\"'I fractured my arm doing this' The largest work of art ever done by Nalini is a beautiful painting of a cluster of roses in a basket. It took her around 15 months to complete this. She was new to this in those days (she did this work in 1966). \"This one was a huge piece of acrylic sheet and it was very difficult carving it. It was tough holding the heavy sheet of large proportion and then drilling in the designs with the other hand while all the time trying to hold it steady. The drilling causes vibrations and makes it very difficult. I fractured my hand while working on this piece.\" Thankfully that was the only time she was so grievously injured while working. Nalini's grand daughter Namrata says, \"This is one of my favourite works and this is the piece that inspired me tremendously.\"' My grandmom designs for me' Nalini Mehta's grand daughter Namrata Shroff, shows off an acrylic clutch designed by Namrata and carved by Nalini. \"I am an interior architect and I believe in usable art. I designed the clutch and also the Book Block (on display at the exhibition) along with my grandmother.\"'Frozen flowers in the light' Nalini's works of art are beautifully illuminated from below and that enhances the three-dimensional feel. \"Acrylic has the property of taking light from below,\" says Nalini.This exhibition will be on till May 20, at the Gallery Art and Soul, Madhuli, Shivsagar Estate, Worli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087620", "title": "Our batsmen need to lift their game: MS Dhoni", "text": "JAIPUR: Chennai Super Kings might have kept alive their IPL campaign with a narrow four-wicket win over Rajasthan Royals on Thursday, but skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni isn't too impressed with the performance of his batsmen and asked them to lift their game ahead of the remaining matches.\"Leaving it too late is not something we do intentionally, our top six need to perform. As the tournament progresses, we need to get going, the batsmen are coming under pressure early and they need to bat freely,\" Dhoni said at the post-match presentation at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium.The CSK skipper was full of praise for young Srikkanth Anirudha who played a six-ball 18-run unbeaten cameo towards the end to see the defending champions home.\"Srikkanth is an exciting youngster, you got to grab your opportunities, and that is what he has done. We have tried to bat him up the order but at times we need to continue allocating the same roles that we have done earlier,\" Dhoni said.His counterpart Rahul Dravid said that Rajasthan are still alive in the tournament despite Thursday's defeat, but accepted that they need to play some extraordinary cricket to qualify for the play-offs.\"You play a good game and sometimes a batsman comes out and plays an excellent innings, you got to accept that. The track was doing a bit, stopping and seaming around, they bowled well, credit to them.\"We are alive, just by our fingernails, we need to get going and try and win all the remaining games,\" he said.Ben Hilfenhaus, who was adjudged Man-of-the-Match for his impressive two for eight run opening spell, said the pitch helped seamers in the initial period of the match.\"It was very exciting game of cricket, good to come out on the winning side. T20 cricket is a funny format, things change rapidly. It was a good surface to bowl on, seaming around for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092135", "title": "Yeddyurappa in trouble, SC orders CBI probe against him in mining scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday directed a CBI inquiry against former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa for his alleged role in iron ore mining scam.The SC asked the CBI to use environment panel CEC's report for registration of preliminary inquiry report against Yeddyurappa.The apex court asked all other courts and authorities dealing with this case or hearing any litigation relating to this to hold their hands till further orders from court.The apex court accepted the April 20 report of the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) which had pointed out several allegations against Yeddyurappa and corporate entities involving Jindals and Adanis and had recomended a CBI probe.The court also asked the Andhra Pradesh government to cooperate with the CBI in the investigation.The April 20 report prepared by the CEC in pursuance of the apex court's February 10 order, said there was a scope for expanding the CBI probe against the BJP leader and annexed the documents to support its findings.The CEC had recommended CBI probe considering the \"massive illegalities and illegal mining\" found in Karnataka and allegations against the Jindal Group as being \"recipient of large quantities of illegally mined material and undue favour being shown to them\".The apex court verdict is a huge blow for Yeddyurappa who has been pressuring BJP leadership to reinstate him as Karnataka chief minister.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088762", "title": "Irrigation potential rose by 10%, and not 1%", "text": "MUMBAI: In what could cause embarrassment to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, a 2010-11 state government report belied his claim that the irrigation potential in the state had increased by only 0.1% in the last decade.The Annual Irrigation Development Report (2010-11), prepared by the state government, said the potential generated rose by near 10%--from 37.69% (2001-02) to 47.37% (2010-11).Unease between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) peaked after Chavan's barb against the irrigation department, controlled by the latter.Chavan had remarked at a symposium last week that the potential had risen by 0.1% in 10 years. Commenting on the huge expenditure incurred on projects and cost escalation, Chavan said he would tell the irrigation department to come out with a white paper on projects in the last decade.After NCP chief Sharad Pawar and state irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare (also NCP) rubbished the statistic cited by Chavan, the CM said he was quoting figures from the latest economic survey report, prepared under the guidance of the planning and finance department, led by deputy CM Ajit Pawar (NCP).The development report could put the NCP on the front foot. Even the economic survey report, quoted by Chavan, referred to cropped irrigated area and not generated irrigation potential as being one which has seen only a 0.1% increase, from 17.8 (2000-01) to 17.9 (2010-11).The eco-survey report said generated irrigation potential was about 63.70 lakh hectares. But sources said a 0.1% increase in cropped irrigated area would suggest that while additional potential was generated with the help of projects, it could not be put to effective use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089279", "title": "Over 20,000 appear for MHT-CET in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Health and Technology Common Entrance Examination (MHT-CET) was conducted smoothly across 867 centres in the state on Thursday. In city, it was conducted at 51 centres where over 20,000 candidates appeared. Last year 17,721 had appeared from city. This year while the city saw around 3,000 more students appearing for the exam, the number increased by 35,000 all over the state.Exam coordinator for the city SM Parate said, \"Out of 51 centres, 26 were for physics, chemistry, maths and biology (MB) candidates, five for physics, chemistry and biology (BB) and 20 for the physics, chemistry and maths (MM) candidates.\"\"The students found physics and chemistry to be very time consuming. Out of 50, around 40 questions were numerical, thus, a lot of time went into calculation. According to the students, extra 10 minutes would have made a huge difference,\" said Sameer Phale, biology lecturer at Dr Ambedkar College. On the other hand, they found biology and maths be very easy. The interesting part is that most of the questions were directly asked from the state board books, he added.\"I found mathematics tough. I have more interest in physics and chemistry, so the questions were easy for me to solve. More emphasis had been given on 11th standard syllabus. In all, the paper was fine,\" said Amitoj Bhandari, another student who appeared for the exam. Another candidate Abhinandan Chandra, added, \"Students who have studied under CBSE board find this exam pretty easy. Physics was a bit troubling but maths was the best.\"A BB candidate, Aaena Chaudhary, informed, \"Biology was great. It was very easy to solve. For that matter, even physics and chemistry were not that bad either. It was lengthy and time consuming but thankfully there were no mistakes in the question paper.\"According to the students, the exam was not tough but it was not easy either. \"Everyone was finding it to be easy, but I had trouble in solving physics and maths. They took a lot of time and thus, I fell short of time while solving chemistry. It surely was not easy,\" said Harbir Singh.As per the candidates, on one hand, certain parts of the exam were easy to solve but on the other, physics posed many a hurdle for the students. Solving the numerical questions ate up a lot of time. So, they had to compromise with chemistry. Overall, most of the students are fully satisfied and are now, eagerly awaiting their results.The Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) holds MHT-CET, which attracts over three lakh engineering, medical and pharmacy degree aspirants from Maharashtra and other states annually. Over 1.27 lakh engineering seats, 7,000 medical and 8,345 pharmacy seats are up for grabs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13092454", "title": "2G judgement: Supreme Court to hear Presidential reference from July 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday issued notice to all states and PIL litigants in the 2G scam case on Presidential reference seeking its opinion on whether auction was the only method for allocation of natural resources including spectrum.The 5-judge bench said it will hear the reference by President from July 10.The 5-judge bench headed by CJI SH Kapadia also issued notice to industry associations FICCI and CII on the reference which has significant bearing on allocation of telecom licences and mining leases.The government wants to know the SC's opinion on whether the auction alone route for allocation of natural resources as mandated by the 2-judge bench amounted to judicial encroachment of executive's domain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089100", "title": "Two-day-old girl found abandoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: A two-day-old girl was found abandoned inside an under-construction drain in the Sagarpur area of southwest Delhi. She had swellings in her face due to mosquito bites but doctors said her vital parameters were stable. The child was admitted to Deen Dayal Upadhay Hospital, police said.Police have registered a case and launched a hunt to identify her parents. Sources said a new drain is coming up at Sagarpur. On Thursday morning, Ramu, a guard working in the area, heard a child crying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13088876", "title": "Woman seeks property back from MLA Paranjothi", "text": "TRICHY: D P Rani, who was alleged to have been in a relationship with Trichy West MLA R Paranjothi, on Thursday filed a petition before judge Rajaram at JM-IV court seeking to expedite her case against the MLA as more than 120 days had passed since she first complained about the AIADMK leader. Judge Rajaram posted the case for hearing to May 18.Assistant commissioner of police (Srirangam) Veerasamy, who is dealing with the case, said the investigation was still going on as \"the case presented many complicated aspects\". However, Veerasamy said he had not arrested anyone in this regard. \"An FIR has been filed and the investigation of witnesses and verifications of various documents are in progress,\" he said.The complaint against Paranjothi relates to the restoration of 60 sovereigns of gold, cash of Rs 10 lakh and a plot of land in Sayanur worth Rs 2.40 lakh owned by Rani, from his possession. In the case, Paranjothi was also questioned and Rani claimed she was not interested in any rapprochement with him. She reiterated that she only wanted her property back. On Thursday, Veerasamy questioned Rani and her mother. Meanwhile,The prosecution has insisted that Paranjothi be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091322", "title": "Express train coach derails twice", "text": "VARANASI: A coach of Chauri Chaura Express (5003 Kanpur-Gorakhpur) derailed twice within a few hours on Thursday morning. According to Lalit Kapoor, divisional railway manager, NER (Varanasi), the third from the last coach of Chauri Chaura Express derailed twice - first at Manduadih railway station under NER and later at Cantonment yard under NR. No casualty or injury was caused, but the train was delayed for several hours.Meanwhile, on hearing the news, the authorities of North Eastern Railway, Varanasi division, and Northern Railway, Lucknow division, reached the spot. A joint team of NER and NR officials are inquiring the reasons for the derailment. The final report of investigation would be submitted on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13089561", "title": "Bigger, better: Brain size tied to intelligence", "text": "MELBOURNE: 'Size does matter' could be true for human brains as well, as a new study shows that brain size can have an affect not only on people's thoughts and behaviour, but intelligence also.A largest global study on human brain, involving over 200 scientists worldwide, has found genes that affect brain size and which may play a part in intelligence and memory function, a media report said. Margie Wright of Queensland Institute of Medical Research contributed to the study. It was put together by combining brain scans and genetic data from 21,000 people worldwide.Wright said that one gene showed a strong correlation with overall brain size while another influenced the size of the brain's hippocampus, involved with memory. The gene involved with the hippocampus influences the rate at which this part of the brain shrinks with age, she said.People with dementia often show pronounced shrinkage in the hippocampus, so further investigation to see if there are genetic links to dementia will be worthwhile, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091262", "title": "Experts challenge answer key of IIT-JEE 2012", "text": "VARANASI: Now, the subject experts in the city are coming forward to challenge the answer key of IIT-JEE 2012 released on its website, providing solution to the questions asked in the prestigious engineering examination this year.According to RN Singh, senior professor of Physical Chemistry, Department of Chemistry, Banaras Hindu University , the answer given for Question No 35 under Paper II (Chemistry) is not correct, as the multiple choice question has more than two options correct, whereas the answer key of IIT-JEE considers only two options (A) and (D) correct. \"The question for reversible expansion of an ideal gas under adiabatic and isothermal conditions has (A), (D) and (C) options correct, as work done (calculated in terms of energy) for isothermal condition (under constant temperature) is greater than adiabatic condition under the same volume of expansion,\" he told TOI on Thursday.AK Jha, expert of Physics who operates a coaching institute in the city, pointed out a mistake. According to him, different sign convention for work done by the system should not affect the answer, unless otherwise sign convention is mentioned. In the particular question, it is not mentioned whether the work done w is on the system or by the sytem. Therefore, if answer marked by students is A,C,D then it can not be considered as wrong, he says.The various subject experts have also emphasized on the need to resolve the discrepancy by combined expert of Chemistry and Physics because wrong answers will not only affect the career of students but will also establish wrong conception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088084", "title": "Ex-Jaipur Municipal Corporation employee to get pension after court order", "text": "JAIPUR: Raghunath Singh, who was in the news recently for attempting suicide by trying to set himself on fire in front of high court gate, was given his due after his matter was finally disposed of by the court on Thursday. Singh, an 82-year-old ex-employee of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) was perturbed as his name was not included in the list of pensioners.The single judge bench of Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari said Singh is entitled to claim parity with similarly situated persons in pension. It was contended on behalf of Raghunath Singh that the JMC introduced the pension scheme for its employees in 1989 and Singh retired after the due cut off date of the introduction of the said scheme. JMC had contested that since Singh retired when the rules were not in force he cannot claim any pension. Singh argued that there are several other employees who have been extended benefit of pension even though they were similarly situated.The JMC also argued that though in the case of one Mohanlal the high court had extended benefit of pension scheme to all the employees who retired prior to the pension rule coming into force, however, the order has been stayed by the Supreme Court in an appeal and, therefore, Raghunath Singh too cannot be granted benefit of pension.The bench directed that Singh should be given pension benefits if any other person in the same situation is also availing such benefits. The benefits extended to Singh shall remain subject to the decision of SC in Mohanlal case.On a query by court it was submitted by the counsel for Singh that, \"the extreme step taken by him was under a misconception that his case is not being heard on the contrary his case was not even listed on the day when he allegedly tried to commit suicide as such his action was wholly unjustified and there was no fault of the court in the same.\"Singh was arrested for attempting to commit suicide on May 3, after he was about to set himself on fire at the entrance of the high court building around 11 am. Singh claimed that he was denied pension benefits since his retirement as a sanitary worker in 1987. He filed writ petitions in the court in 2008. Some guards and policemen at the high court intervened as he tried to set himself on fire. They took him to a hospital and then to the Ashok Nagar police station where he was booked under section 309 of IPC for attempting suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "13088859", "title": "One dead in explosion at cracker unit", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A 70-year-old man was burnt to death in an explosion at a fire cracker manufacturing unit in Sivakasi in Virudhunagar district on Thursday morning.This is the third explosion in Sivakasi, the fire cracker capital of the country, this year. In the earlier explosions on February 28, three persons were killed and on March 7 one person was killed while one was severely injured.Police said that the entire room of the cracker manufacturing unit at Anayur near Sivakasi where the explosion occurred, caved in due to the blast. Police said that the unit had more than 20 rooms, each with about four or five workers making fire crackers of fancy varieties. Around 11.30am, the explosion occurred at room number nine, allegedly due to friction among the chemicals being stuffed in the crackers. tnnWhile other workers in the room were away, Ganesan (70) of Lakshmipuram suffered burns all over his body and died on the spot. The ceiling of the room also caved in the impact of the loud explosion.Fellow workers in the unit, shocked by the explosion, rushed to the rescue of Ganesan but found that he had already died. Even as the employees resorted to fire-fighting, fire and rescue services personnel rushed to the spot and put off the flames preventing further damage. The body of Ganesan was also removed from the debris and sent to the government hospital in Sivakasi for postmortem. Senior revenue officials visited the unit and conducted inquiries.Police said that the chemicals used in fancy variety of crackers that produce colourful lights were more dangerous than the chemicals used in crackers that produce loud noise. Though both type of chemicals are equally prone to fire due to friction, the chemicals meant for fancy crackers cause more injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087044", "title": "IPL 5: Gayle-wind headed for Team Pune", "text": "PUNE: As Team Pune begin their post-mortem after another dismal season, the contrast between their lot and that of their opponents on Friday, Team Bangalore, couldn't be more glaring.For the second consecutive season Bangalore have been reaping the dividends of signing up explosive West Indian opener Chris Gayle. The left-handed batsman has almost single-handedly brought the team to the brink of playoff stage.Gayle's firepower consumed another strong rival, Mumbai, on Wednesday and Pune have already experienced it first hand in the away game.The numbers themselves tell a tale. Pune's highest run-getter is Robin Uthappa (353 runs at a strike rate of 115.35) but Steven Smith is the one who has provided some spark (301 runs at 142.65). However, Smith has batted at No. 5 as a finisher, while Uthappa has only opened the innings a couple of times.Juxtapose this with Gayle's 515 runs at a strike-rate of 149.27 and AB de Villiers' 292 at 171.76 - how Pune wished they had some of Bangalore's ammunition in their arsenal!Pune captain Sourav Ganguly didn't mince words about how Gayle could make mince-meat of his bowlers. \"You have to get him out, that's the only way. Bangalore have handled him well by asking him to bat through the 20 overs. If he does that, he could do a lot of damage,\" the former India skipper conceded here on Thursday.But it's not all about pyrotechnics. A more fundamental issue for Pune is the performance, or the lack of it, of the domestic players. With the Gayle trump card up their sleeve, Bangalore have not had to face that problem, despite Virat Kohli being below his best this season. But Pune have not been so lucky.Ganguly will have a double-task to do -- first, he has to motivate them to give their best in the last three matches in which they have only pride to play for; second, he has to remove the psychological scar his bowlers might be carrying after the mauling at the hands of Gayle and Co.\"We have to finish well. We started off well, but dropped away in the middle stages. We beat powerhouses like Chennai, Mumbai and Delhi, and should have won against Bangalore. But the slide has been too steep,\" he said.Bangalore have better reasons to motivate them, which alone make them the favourite for Friday's game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087832", "title": "Witnesses examined to prove forgery charges against Baig", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution in the German Bakery bomb blast on Thursday examined two witnesses to prove that the alleged conspirator, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, had been in possession of forged documents.The witnesses - Beed tehsildar Prabodhe Mule and Beed municipal council chief officer Venkati Neelawagh - were examined before the additional sessions judge N P Dhote.The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010.The state anti-terrorism squad, Pune unit, had seized the caste certificate, ration card, domicile certificate and other documents from Baig, following his arrest on September 7.The caste and domicile certificates were in Baig's name, while the ration card was in his father's name.The name of Baig and his family members figured in one of the columns of the ration card.When examined by special public prosecutor Raja Thakare, the witnesses denied issuing documents to Baig since there is no entry in their records to show that the documents were issued by their offices.The witnesses said that an inquiry revealed that the signatures, rubber stamps and seals found on Baig's documents were forged since they did not tally with their official records. They explained the procedure required for obtaining the documents.The witnesses in the cross examination conducted by senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainath Shaikh representing Baig admitted that they lacked the expertise in identifying handwriting specimen, rubber stamps and seals found on the forged documents.They also replied in the negative when the defence asked them if they had received complaints in respect of the forged documents seized from Baig.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089457", "title": "Speeding bus knocks down 12-year-old boy", "text": "NAGPUR: Just a week ago, 12-year-old Mohammad Sohail was celebrating after being ranked first in his class but on Thursday he was dead after being knocked down by a speeding private bus at LIC Square. Sohail was on his bicycle and was heading towards the Meetha Neem Dargah.Like every Thursday, Sohail left his home at Jeevati Nagar in Lashkaribagh for the Dargah. He was heading towards RBI square when the MP tourism bus knocked him down. Sohail lost balance and tumbled headlong over the handle. Death was instantaneous after his head hit the footpath.Morning walkers who witnessed the accident stated to the cops that \"Sohail was driving close to the kerb when the bus coming from behind suddenly accelerated and hit his cycle at the junction\".\"The handle almost tore into his stomach. Wasting no time, the walkers rushed him on a passerby's scooter to IGGMCH, but was declared brought dead,\" said a cop.The boy's identity came to be known after some youths from his colony, who were returning home from their cricket practice, learnt about the accident. The youths informed Sohail's parents. By the time they reached the spot, he was shifted to hospital and declared dead.Police said the bus driver, who was heading towards Central Avenue, sped towards Sitabuldi after the accident. A few people followed the bus and nabbed the driver near Rani Jhansi Square. He has been placed arrest.Sohail, who was in Std V, was the elder son of Mohammad Gaus, a driver, and Mumtaz. His younger brother, Faizan in Std III. His parents said that since the last two years, Sohail had been going to the Dargah every Thursday.\"Last Thursday too, when the results were declared, he had gone to the Dargah with his friends,\" said Munna Khan, a relative.On Thursday, Sohail left home alone for the Dargah as his friends refused to accompany him. \"Usually, he would go with his friends or family members in the evening, but today we were leaving for Surat in the evening to attend a marriage. Hence, he decided to go alone,\" said Gaus.The sudden demise of the lovable Sohail brought a large number of people to the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087100", "title": "Wine Club House cost estimated at 20 crore", "text": "NASHIK: The district that is known for its grapes and vineyards and is better known as the wine capital of the country will now get another address when it sets up the first Wine Club House.With the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation giving its approval and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation agreeing to allot 8 acre at the Godavari Wine Park for setting up the club house, Nashik will get another boost in promoting grape wine tourism.Setting up of the Wine Club House is part of a Central project. The Union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises had announced a wine cluster for Nashik under the medium small enterprises cluster development programme and the Wine Club House is part of it.\"The estimated cost of the project is around Rs 20 crore. The Centre will provide 70% of the total cost, while the rest will be raised by stakeholders of Nashik Valley Wine Cluster,\" an office-bearer of All-India Wine Producers' Association said.The common facility centre will be set up at the wine park under the wine cluster project. Of the total 92 wineries in the country, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, five in Solapur, four in Usmanabad, three in Buldhana and one in Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13087751", "title": "Curchorem cops get cracking as traffic woes dip", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem police has introduced a series of measures to bring about a sense of order in the traffic scenario within the city.The city which was reeling under tremendous traffic congestion over the last few years, has been witnessing a marked improvement with a smooth flow of city traffic. The traffic cops armed with a public address system are seen going round the city warning people against parking their vehicles at wrong places thereby causing obstruction to the flow of traffic. The vehicles of those ignoring the warnings are clamped down and the owners penalized. This has ensured that parking is done only along one side of the road, and the flow of traffic is smooth.The traffic police have also succeeded in freeing the space near the railway station which was being occupied by vehicles of railway users. People boarding the 7am train used to park their vehicles along the railway station road before boarding the train. These vehicles used to remain there throughout the day, thus preventing other market-goers to park their vehicles.\"Our cops now descend near the railway station as early as 5am and ask the owners not to park their vehicles along the station road, but to park them at the parking lot near the KTC bus stand. Our efforts have paid off and one can see marked decongestion on this road,\" Curchorem PI Siddhant Shirodkar said.The Curchorem police have also initiated stern measures in regulating the mining trucks. \"By putting in place a proper policing system with an effective communication plan, we see to it that trucks leave the loading points after certain time intervals so that there are no traffic jams until they reach the unloading points or the jetties,\" Shirodkar said.When contacted, DySP (traffic) Guruprasad Mhapne explained about the new system he has introduced, in which, certain spots are marked along the roads where no trucks are allowed to be parked, even when caught in traffic jams. \"This ensures that the general traffic, like buses, cars and bikes can comfortably manoeuvre their way,\" Mhapne said.Sanjay Dessai of the Curchorem Civic and Consumer Forum (CCCF), while appreciating the steps taken by the Curchoem police, said: \"The police must show consistency in their efforts and not bow down to any kind of pressure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088826", "title": "Indian ship captain locked up at China port", "text": "CHENNAI: An Indian commander of a Kuwait-flagged merchant ship has been locked up in the radio room of the vessel that is now docked at Shenzhen port in China. Captain Adhimoolam Elango, who is from Puducherry, sent an SOS from MV Hussa Alghanim to a friend, Daniel Joseph, who has passed on the information to the director-general of shipping and the International Transport Workers' Federation (ITF), London.Joseph said a Pakistani supervisor at the Chinese dock had locked him up on the charge of drinking alcohol on board the vessel, and was not allowing him to contact anyone, even the local authorities. Consuming liquor on board a vessel is not banned, but the captain is said to have been drinking heavily after the recent death of his wife. His job contract expired on April 21.In his email to Joseph, Captain Elango said his life was in danger. \"I have been detained inside the radio room for the past six days. Though I am getting food, I am not allowed to interact with anyone. All communication equipment has been taken away from me,\" he said. \"The radio room has been welded with steel bars. I have just $1,000 left that I kept for my return ticket.\"The ship arrived at the Chinese port on April 7, Captain Elango said, and the dock supervisor began harassing him from April 18. On May 3, the supervisor charged him with drinking alcohol on board and locked him up.Joseph, who received the email from Captain Elango on Wednesday, has asked the director-general of shipping and ITF to immediately rescue the Elango. The emergency helpline of the directorate-general of shipping reportedly refused to register the complaint as an emergency. Officials of AMOS Ship Management in Mumbai, the agency that reportedly recruited Elango, said they were trying to contact the the vessel's owner. \"We hope we can find a solution as soon as possible. We are just an agency and we do not play any role in the operations of the vessel,\" an AMOS official said.Sailors Helpline coordinator Manoj Joy said the director-general of shipping should intervene and secure release of the captain as the detention is illegal. Joseph said Elango had been depressed after his wife's death. \"He was mostly involved in coastal shipping. This was his first job on board a merchant vessel on the high seas,\" he said. According to sources in shipping industry, an ITF inspector in Hong Kong, Yu Sak Ming, had tried to contact Captain Elango on Thursday. \"ITF sources said they are still waiting for a reply from officers of the vessel as the captain could not be reached on the phone,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089259", "title": "Bedrolls to RAC passengers was old decision", "text": "NAGPUR: The 'decision' by Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain to start supplying bedrolls to RAC passengers in AC coaches, followed a day later by South East Central Railway, was actually just implementation of an old railway board decision.The move has opened a can of worms as consumer activists are now demanding that the railways should refund the part of fare to RAC passengers who were not being supplied bedrolls in spite of being entitled for it for the last three years.The Railway Board circular issued on September 23, 2009, by V K Sharma, director, traffic commercial, clearly states that RAC passengers are charged fares at par with passengers holding confirmed reservation but not provided with bedroll in AC classes (except AC chair car) since one berth is shared by two passengers.In view of this, board directed all the chief commercial managers (CCMs) to begin providing a blanket and a bedsheet to RAC passengers travelling in AC Classes (except AC chair car).When Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain announced in Nagpur on Tuesday that RAC passengers in all the trains across the Central Railway will be given bedrolls, it appeared like a new facility was being extended to RAC passengers. On Wednesday, SECR too said it would give bedrolls to passengers.Far from being a benefit, it has turned out that the Nagpur division of both railways were actually depriving passengers of a facility for three years. Avinash Prabhune, consumer rights activist, demanded an apology from the railways for this and also for not making Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto a daily train despite a budget decision.Prabhune has filed a PIL against the railways demanding refund to passengers who travelled in side middle berths but were not given discount on fares. \"It is the responsibility of the CCMs to ensure compliance. The respective general managers should initiate action against CCMs for their failure to implement board decision. The railway administration is no way obliging the passengers,\" Prabhune told TOI.He said Rs 20-25 bedroll charges are included in the ticket. This charge should be refunded to passengers or deposited in 'consumer welfare fund' or 'prime minister relief fund.' Prabhune warned of moving court against the railways if they do not.On Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto not being made daily, Prabhune asked why announcement was made when railways did not have proper infrastructure. As per the provisions of Consumer Protection Act (CPA) 1986, both the failures amount to 'deficiency in services and 'unfair trade practice'.Basant Shukla, general secretary of Bharatiya Yatri Kendra (BYK), too said that RAC passengers should be treated at par with confirmed ticket holders. \"The passengers should be refunded the amount charged towards bedrolls,\" he said.On the tri-weekly Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto, Shukla said if power car was not available why the promise to convert it into a daily train was was made. \"The railway should compensate by starting an express train to Mumbai for three days,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13091227", "title": "Rajasthan still fancy playoff chances", "text": "JAIPUR: Their campaign has been thrown haywire after the four-wicket loss to Chennai Super Kings but Rajasthan Royals all-rounder Johan Botha says his team still has a chance of making the IPL playoffs.\"It was a bad loss against Chennai but we can still make it to playoffs if we win the three remaining matches. The fact that we have to play two against lowly Pune Warriors and Deccan Chargers and the last against Mumbai Indians gives a little chance. While the other teams fighting for a playoff slot will be playing against big teams,\" said Botha.Referring to the match against Chennai, Botha said it was close and the visitors finished it very well.\"We were right there most of the time but the guys (S Anirudh and Albie Morkel) played a couple of good shots and took the game away from us. It was disappointing but we still hope to reach playoffs,\" said Botha.When asked if the rain had any bearing on the results, the South African all-rounder said there were no excuses.\"It is always a disadvantage for the batting side if the game stops due to rain but we put in a good effort to reach around 130 but would have loved a few more runs. Despite this it was a close game and there are no excuses and credit should be given to guys who finished it off very well,\" he said.Refusing to concede that Australian quickie Shaun Tait was a bit erratic, Botha said the slinger gave a few runs only in the last over.\"I don't think he was erratic at all. Infact he bowled his first three overs at blistering pace and gave away only 8 odd runs. It was only in his last over that he was taken for few runs,\" said Botha.Talking about the pitch, Botha felt that it was the easiest of wickets.\"Some of the batsmen said that the ball was stopping a bit but I was not behind the wicket to know much about this.\"Echoing Botha's views on wicket, Chennai Super Kings pacer Ben Hilfenhaus said the conditions suited him and he was happy the way things had gone.\"The pitch offered bounce and movement when the ball was new but it lost some bounce when it became old,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089593", "title": "Drug scam: MCI vows action against guilty docs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has decided to take stern action against doctors who had endorsed scientific recommendations submitted to the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization ( CDSCO), which were written by drug companies themselves.TOI reported on Thursday how drug companies have been caught red-handed writing scientific recommendations of their own drugs and submitting them to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) after getting them endorsed by reputed doctors for a speedy marketing approval.MCI chairman Dr K K Talwar said the council has taken cognizance of the TOI report on the drug scam and will soon initiate action suo motu.\"We will be asking the DCGI to reveal the names of all the doctors involved in the scam. The ethical committee of the MCI will examine the document and take stern action against doctors involved if proven guilty. Doctors should realize they are doing great harm to the country by such acts. Unfortunately, the system has permitted them to do so till now,\" he said.TOI reported how some of India's top medicine experts from the country's most iconic medical institutes like PGI Chandigarh; CMC Vellore; AIIMS Delhi and St John's Medical College Bangalore had signed those recommendations. Usually, scientific recommendations are submitted by experts after they have studied a drug's content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088030", "title": "Pressure mounts on CM to convene meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has rejected the proposal to convene the BJP legislature party meeting, pressure is mounting on him as 19 more ruling party legislators signed a letter demanding the BJLP meet immediately.Besides the legislators, 12 MPs loyal to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Thursday demanded that the central leadership direct the CM to convene the legislature party meet. The demand from the Yeddyurappa camp follows Gowda's letter to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari complaining that Yeddyurappa and some ministers loyal to him, including Basavaraj Bommai, Shobha Karandlaje, Umeash V Katti, Murugesh R Nirani and MP Renukacharya, were indulging in anti-party activities.Ruling out calling a meeting, the chief minister said some of the issues pertaining to the party can be discussed only with national leaders and not at the legislature party meeting. \"I have apprised central leaders about the developments here,\" he said referring to his recent missive being leaked.Meanwhile, Shobha who is in Delhi on a private visit said on Thursday: \"I am always being targeted. The CM has every right to induct or drop a minister. It doesn't make any difference if I am dropped as I have resigned once due to conspiracy. My earlier remarks were directed against back-stabbers in the party.'' Gowda had highlighted her remarks in the letter to Gadkari.However, the buzz is that central leaders in favour of sacking a couple of ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa including Shobha, want Jagadish Shettar elevated to the deputy CM's post to balance the equation. Asked about it, Shettar who is in Gulbarga, said he is surprised with the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092570", "title": "Salman Khan sobers down?", "text": "It could be because of his long, stressful battle with ill-health. Or simply a factor of age. But the country's most popular bachelor boy has been quietly transforming.From the brat with a roving eye, Salman Khan is now the picture of sobriety. When the actor recently skipped a party hosted by a close friend, he sent tongues wagging. Till it emerged that he is leading a regimented life for his neurological problem. Socially, his appearances have been marked by uncharacteristic restraint. At the launch of a gym in the far suburbs, Salman studiously kept his gaze away from the fawning beauties - right from the model who seemed to sway only for him, to one of the keen hostesses, who was given a polite ignore. Do we miss the spark? Perhaps. But a mellow Salman is just as good.It could be because of his long, stressful battle with ill-health. Or simply a factor of age. But the country's most popular bachelor boy has been quietly transforming. From the brat with a roving eye, Salman Khan is now the picture of sobriety. When the actor recently skipped a party hosted by a close friend, he sent tongues wagging. Till it emerged that he is leading a regimented life for his neurological problem. Socially, his appearances have been marked by uncharacteristic restraint. At the launch of a gym in the far suburbs, Salman studiously kept his gaze away from the fawning beauties - right from the model who seemed to sway only for him, to one of the keen hostesses, who was given a polite ignore. Do we miss the spark? Perhaps. But a mellow Salman is just as good. a", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092686", "title": "Da Thadiya", "text": "CreditsDirector : Aashiq AbuCast : DJ Sekhar Menon and Sreenath BhasiWritten by : Syam Pushkaran, Dileesh Nair and Abhilash KumarMusic : Bijibal ManiyilCinematography: Shyju KhalidSynopsisAfter the big victory of film '22 Female Kottayam' Aashiq Abu's next film is 'Da Thadiya'. The film is with full of new faces. 'Da Thadiya's story is interesting like its name.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13090852", "title": "Harvard ghungroo", "text": "A cultural event at Harvard College, Harvard University, has distinct Asian flavours, finds out Poonam Jain'Harvard Ghungroo' sees over 300 undergraduates directing, producing and performing a range of events inspired by the traditions of South Asia. Dance performances, musicals, theatre, folk culture and poetry - it has it all. Ghungroo is organised under the banner of Harvard South Asian Association (SSA) as part of a Harvard College, Harvard University initiative.\"The South Asian community is quite large at Harvard and therefore, there is a lot of interest in teaching our fellow-students about this rich and vibrant culture through mediums that everyone can understand, including dance and music,\" says Elizabeth Varughese, producer, Ghungroo. She is pursuing graduation in economics and South Asian Studies at Harvard College.This year, in March, Ghungroo invited all students to celebrate the South Asian culture. The few first performances of Harvard Gunghroo took place at the Harvard dining hall in 1986. With 23 successful years behind it, performances now take place in the Agassiz Theatre.This South Asian camaraderie infects students from other nationalities too. Matt Yarri, pursuing his mechanical engineering, will be the director of Ghungroo next year. \"I have fallen in love with the people, culture, and community of Ghungroo and it has become one of the defining activities of my college career,\" he says.\"It is the largest student-run production on campus with 350 performers and four shows,\" says Suvai Gunasekaran, a student of biomedical engineering.There is a lesson in everything. \"Apart from organising and planning, we have learnt that leadership has a lot to do with managing people. We have to be respected by our peers to get them to work with us. And since we work with friends, we have to effectively manage the thin line between our professional and personal lives.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087528", "title": "Girl 'falls' from bridge, rescued", "text": "KOLKATA: Just a day after a 20-year-old Bhowanipore girl tried to kill herself by jumping off Howrah bridge, another girl reportedly fell into the river from Howrah bridge on Thursday. However, the River Traffic Police personnel succeeded in saving the minor's life.The teen's fall this evening - at 6:05pm - took everyone by surprise. Luckily, the fall was spotted quickly by the police manning the river and she was rescued within minutes. Police said though the victim fell from 50-feet high, she didn't drown immediately and her head was bobbing out of water when she was pulled into the rescue speedboats. They pulled her up into the boat with life buoys and ropes and managed to put her into a car within the next 10 minutes.The teen was immediately taken to SSKM hospital. She told police her name and said that she resides on Malikpara Lane in Shibpur Chatterjeehat. The girl, in a state of slumber and visibly scared, have been speaking disconcertingly and kept mumbling that she wanted to meet her parents. After meeting the parents, police said the girl is a Class-IX dropout and went to the bridge Howrah alone on Thursday. The girl reportedly said that she fell into the water while she leant on the railing to see the river below.However, according to an eye witness, the girl came from the Howrah end of the bridge, walked purposefully to the middle and without raising any alarm dived right into the river.On Wednesday evening, a second-year BCom student not only survived the fall from the bridge, she also managed to stay afloat despite being swept away to a distance of about 2 km by the strong current. She was admitted to SSKM hospital with a head injury. Doctors, however, said she had no external injury but she would be under observation. The girl is reportedly suffering from clinical depression. A man had jumped from the Howrah Bridge in August, 2011 and had a similar escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087975", "title": "International tourist centre likely in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to provide high standards facilities for the tourists coming to the Pink City, the civic bodies will be looking into the possibility of setting up an international tourist centre at Chaura Rasta in the Walled City area here.Following the suggestions of the empowered committee, constituted to develop Pink City as a world-class city, the civic bodies will be developing an international tourist centre in a heritage building.\"We have identified the public works department (PWD) to develop the international tourist centre in a three-storey building. The proposal will be forwarded to the PWD so that the state government can plan for using it for public welfare. We will also look into the possibilities of letting the shopkeepers in the area use medical and toilets facilities as the building will be open to the public,\" member of the committee, Justice (retd) V S Dave said.The centre will be one of its kind as tourists can avail facilities like money exchange, banking and primary heath facilities under one roof. To provide information and assistance, literatures on tourist places of Jaipur will be available at the centre. The bathroom in the centre will be maintained as per the standards of a five star hotel.A member of the empowered committee informed that the proposal was also discussed in a meeting with the urban housing and development (UDH) principal secretary as the JMC is facing a financial crisis. The meeting discuss the department's plan of handover the project to the Jaipur Development Authority ( JDA) though designs of the centre will be prepared by the JMC.Recently, the JMC announced development of Johari Bazar and Chaura Rasta as model roads. The committee has suggested incorporating the plan of developing the international tourist centre in the model road.\"We are planning to identify all such lands and buildings in the city which can be used for public welfare. Recently, we have also identified a huge chunk of land near Sanjay Market which can be used for rehabilitation of vendors. Soon the proposal will be forwarded to the respective department,\" Dave said.Meanwhile, towards making Jaipur a world-class city, members of empowered committee also had a combined meeting of JMC officials and market associations. The committee sought suggestions from the market associations and the officials on areas where the vendors can be rehabilitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13087623", "title": "Theft cases: Minors sent to Apna Ghar", "text": "PONDA: Two minor boys, who were arrested on Thursday by Ponda police, one for an attempt to rob a bank and the other for stealing a motorcycle, were sent to the Apna Ghar remand home, Merces.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said that the police had arrested the minors in connection with two theft cases. One of the minors was a 16-year-old boy from Hubli-Karnataka and the other was a 14-year-old from Nepal.The 16-year-old boy was arrested in connection with an attempt to steal a bank at Tiska-Usgao in Ponda during the intervening night of Wednesday and Thursday. Ponda police said the manager of Union bank's Tiska-Usgao branch Nilesh Gawali had complained to them that some unknown person had attempted to rob the branch.\"The shutter of the main door of the branch was opened by breaking the locks and an attempt was made to break open the strong room and treasury,\" police said.The matter came to light when Gawali opened the branch on Thursday morning. During investigations, police viewed the CCTV camera footage and found that the minor boy, residing near the branch, was involved in the crime.In the second case, police nabbed a 14-year-old Nepali boy while he was riding a stolen Deo bike at Sadar-Ponda on Thursday afternoon. Harshad Govind Kamat, a resident of Durgabhat-Ponda, had lodged a complaint with Ponda police stating that the bike was stolen from Upper Bazaar on Wednesday afternoon. The police have seized the bike.Ponda PSI Paresh Naik is investigating the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13091023", "title": "Cops' union threatens stir against ADG", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Havildar, Constable and Sepoys Confederation has revolted against the additionl director general of Odisha Special Armed Police (OSAP), M Nageswar Rao, for his alleged autocratic way of functioning.The confederation has accused the ADG of harassing lower rank policemen by transferring them at his will and has demanded Rao's removal within seven days. The confederation has threatened to go on mass leave from May 19 if their demand is not fulfilled.\"Ever since Rao joined as ADG of OSAP in May last year, over 2000 havildars and sepoys have been unnecessarily transferred,\" alleged president of the confederation Padmanav Behera.The confederation had informed the DGP and the home secretary about the conduct of Rao, but no action was taken against him. Hence they were forced to resort to strike. Explaining about the agitation programme, Behera said, \"Around 55,000 members of the confederation will do their duty without taking food from May 16 to put pressure on the state government. But if the fast fails to evoke desired result then we will go on mass leave from May 19.\"Chief secretary Bijay Patnaik said the DGP has been asked to examine the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13089865", "title": "Girls sexually abused, paraded naked, forced to work at kids\u2019 shelter", "text": "ROHTAK: Children living at a shelter run by an NGO here were sexually abused, beaten, molested and made to work as labourers on farms and construction sites, a raid by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights has uncovered.The girls recounted tales of horror during the raid on Wednesday night at the shelter run by NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh, which won a Haryana state award for women's empowerment in March this year.Around 12 girls in their teens, alleged they were exploited by the owner, Jaswanti, to earn money; one of them said she was forced to sleep with a man. \"We were molested by various people. If any girl protested, she would be paraded naked and beaten. Jaswanti forced us to work as labourers and snatched our wages,\" they said.Jaswanti Devi, who has been running the Rohtak children shelter, and her son-in-law, Jai Bhagwan, have been arrested for exploiting children. Jai Bhagwan has been booked for sexual harassment and molestation of the inmates.\"Inmates were locked up for 3-4 days without food or any other facility if they protested. She (Jaswanti) forced us to earn money for her,\" said one.The raid came on a tip from three girls who had escaped to Delhi and told their families of their sufferings at the shelter. The girls had, in fact, been shifted to the Rohtak home from an \"orphanage\" in Gurgaon following allegations of sexual abuse there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088902", "title": "Special intelligence unit to keep eye on Naxals in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police have formed a special intelligence unit to tackle the Naxal menace in Mumbai.Till now, the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) and the anti-Naxalite operation wing of the state police were dealing with Naxalites. However, this new unit will report to the police commissioner and provide information to other agencies. The unit will be part of the special branch which is supposed to collect intelligence for the city police. Sources in the security establishment said while the ATS and other agencies looked at Naxal cases, there was no dedicated wing in the Mumbai police to tackle Naxals. A senior police officer said since three Naxals were arrested from Dombivili this year and another was nabbed from the Mumbai Railway Hospital quarters, the city is turning into a hub for Naxals.\"Many Naxals come to Mumbai for treatment and try to expand their network here. In the past, several members of the Naxal think tank were caught from the city, so it's necessary to keep a check on them,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088805", "title": "Parking volte-face: Traders demand refund", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after South Delhi Municipal Corporation's commissioner Manish Gupta said the civic agency was not bound to provide parking facilities in all the markets despite collecting parking and conversion charges, city traders said they felt cheated. They also demanded that the charges collected from them be returned.In the last six years, the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi had collected Rs 1,109 crore (approx) as parking and conversion charges. The city's Master Plan 2021 states that commercial establishments on 2,183 notified roads - under the commercial and mixed land use - have to pay these charges while the corporations must provide parking facilities. Traders had to pay one-time parking charges based on the area of their shops.On Wednesday, Gupta had told the media: \"We have collected conversion and parking charges as it is a provision in the Master Plan of Delhi-2021. But it is not binding on MCD to provide parking in all the markets or streets from where parking and conversion charges have been collected.\"Traders said they felt cheated. \"We had to pay large amounts as parking charges. And after six years, the civic agency is telling us that it is not bound to provide parking. Why did they collect the money? Why should traders pay parking charges when the civic agency is not going to create any facility?\" said Praveen Khandelwal, secretary general, Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT).In the last five years, the BJP, which led the unified MCD, could complete just one of the 41 parking projects it took up. The civic agency planned an underground automated multilevel parking at Kamla Nagar market, but traders claim they have lost 50% business due to the project's missed deadlines. \"Last year, we were told the project will be ready by March 2012, but we don't think the civic agency will be able to complete it by then. The place is a mess and the footfall has dropped drastically in the last few years,\" said Naresh Sambher, president of Jawahar Nagar Kamla Nagar Market Association.Traders in Paharganj market said they had not benefited from stack parking behind Sheila Cinema that was made operational last year. \"The parking is really far from the market and has space for only 90 cars. Neither traders nor shoppers like to park there,\" said Narender Gupta, president of Paharganj Market.\"The civic agencies have no business to collect parking and conversion charges if they can't provide parking in markets. The authorities are allowing parking on main roads. The parking inaugurated at Parade Ground two months back is still not functional, then why should we pay?\" said Sanjay Bhargava, secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.The BJP, which controls all the three corporations, has criticized the commissioner for his comments. \"The civic agency is duty bound to provide parking in markets and, if not there, in nearby areas. We will ensure that all parking projects cleared by BJP in MCD are completed on time,\" said Yogender Chandolia, member of standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13091464", "title": "Storm paralyzes life in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Life in Hazaribag has been totally paralyzed after a 45-minute storm accompanied by hailstones lashed the city on Wednesday night. More than 100 trees were uprooted. The branches fell on the power transmission line supplying electricity to Hazaribag Town and its surrounding areas and connecting the Sindoor sub station of the JSEB. The power lines in these areas got snapped and the town plunged into darkness.The storm was so severe that more than two dozen concrete poles near a residential campus in the Hazaribag Lake area got detached from the ground and fell. In this area alone 28 trees were uprooted and fell on the power transmission lines due to which electric supply in the town was badly affected. The water supply system was also affected due to non-availability of power. A large number of trees fell on the highway, throwing traffic out of gear in places between Hazaribag to Barhi on the main Patna-Ranch road( NH-33). Besides, a number of houses were damaged as the roofs were either broken or got badly damaged.Authorities of the JSEB said it would take at least one week time to restore normal power supply in the town provided there was no other storm. The JSEB authorities said they suffered huge loss worth several crores. The exact loss is being assessed by the authorities concerned. ----Abhijit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13087157", "title": "Contempt of court case soon against prison officials", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior lawyer C Gnanabharathi appearing on behalf of K Mohanraj, one of the directors of Paazee forex trading firm, has said that a contempt of court case will be filed against the superintendent of prisons and ADGP (prisons) here within two days.\"The CBI court did not send IG Kumar to Puzhal prison. The court dismissed his petition twice and he was sent to judicial custody and lodged in Coimbatore central prison. But the IG has heavy influence in all sectors. Without the knowledge of the court, the IG has been transferred to Puzhal prison,\" said Gnanabharathi.\"The court already refused to allow Kumar to be sent to Puzhal prison. The prison authorities knew this well, but they did not respect the court's ruling. This is contempt of court. I will file a case of contempt of court against the officials,\" he said.Kumar's bail petition came to argument on Thursday at the CBI court. The senior advocate argued that he should not be allowed bail.Meanwhile, public prosecutor S Natarajan argued that the court should not allow him bail.\"During the interrogation, we got vital clues and more information. If he is released on bail, he has the influence to trouble witnesses. But Kumar's lawyers argued saying there was no complaint against the IG and that the police had registered a fake case against him. After the arguments, CBI court judge V Ramasamy adjourned the court on Friday. The verdict on the bail petition will be delivered on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13087691", "title": "Children's film festival from today", "text": "The Entertainment Society Of Goa (ESG) will organize a children's film festival between May 11 and 13 at Maquinez Palace, Panaji. Gattu, a film directed by Rajan Khosa will be the opening film. Other films to be screened at the festival include Despicable Me , Kung Fu Panda II, Monsters Vs Aliens, Shrek 4 - Forever After, Touching Wild Horses, Heda Hoda (The Blind Camel), Sunshine Barry and The Disco Worms, Krish, Trish &amp; Baltiboy -II, How to Train Your Dragon and Charandas Chor. The festival also includes a fashion show to be held at the Maquinez palace at 8.30pm on May 13. A watermelon eating competition will be held at 2pm on May 12 and a drawing competition will be held on May 13 at the same venue. A special dance class will also be held at 5pm on May 13. Other activities include bouncy castles, face painting, balloon sculpting and a magic show.Madhubani painting workshop at ICG: A Madhubani painting workshop will be conducted by Chitra de on May 19 and 20, between 3pm and 5.30pm, at The International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula. Those above 12 years of age can register.Exhibition of paintings on Jesus Christ: Dr A V Morajkar will exhibit his paintings on Jesus Christ from May 11 to 17 at the Xavier Centre of Historical Research, Porvorim. On May 11, the exhibition will be open from 10am to 5pm; on May 12 from 10am to 1pm; and from May 14 to 17 the paintings can be viewed from 10am to 5pm. The exhibition will be inaugurated by Fr Savio Abreu.CME on 'disorders of sexual differentiation in children': The medical education cell, Goa Medical College, Bambolim, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme on 'Disorders of sexual differentiation in children' on May 11, from 3pm onwards, at GMC's library auditorium. Dr Ila V Meisheri will be the faculty. The CME will be chaired by Dr S.M Bandekar, and cochaired by Dr Vishal Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087211", "title": "One more held under MPDA", "text": "NASHIK: The city police has detained one more hardened criminal under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlords, Bootleggers and Drug Offenders Act (MPDA).Police officials informed that Borse, who resides at Samruddhi Row House, Wavare Nagar, Kamathwade, is a history-sheeter with several cases registered against him at the Ambad police station. A gang led by Borse has committed crimes such as theft, robbery, eve-teasing, hurting others physically and also murder.Three cases under the Arms Act are registered against Borse at the Ambad police station.Police said Borse does not have any source of income for his livelihood, which is evident from the fact that as many as 14 cases of thefts and robberies are registered against him at the Ambad police station.Two murder cases have been registered against him- one at Ambad police station and another at Ahava police station in the Dang district of Gujarat. The accused, who operated in areas of Pavan Nagar, Trimurti Chowk, Kamathwade, Ambad MIDC and other areas falling under the jurisdiction of the Ambad police station, was detained under the MPDA.A couple of weeks ago, the police had also detained one Chetan Waghmare, found during a combing operation in the city. While invoking MPDA against him, the police said that Waghmare was involved in offences including murder, torching of vehicles, threatening people with weapons, rioting, beating people up, extortion, attempt to murder among others.Since people were reluctant to lodge complaints against him, he was externed from the city for two years. However, even after he returned, the police did not find any improvement in his conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089065", "title": "Senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla arrested for his role in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla was on Thursday arrested in Lucknow by the CBI for his alleged involvement in the Rs 5,700-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Later, the CBI court in Ghaziabad granted the central probe agency 7-day remand of Shukla.Shukla, who had been mission director of NRHM from February 2009 till April 2011, was first detained at Lucknow's Amausi airport when he landed there at 6.20 am, having taken a Jet Airways flight (9W 2237) from New Delhi. CBI sleuths then took him to their crime branch office at Cooperative Bhawan, barely 100 metres away from the NRHM office. He was grilled for five hours and then arrested.Shukla, a politically well-connected 1981-batch IAS officer, had been named in three FIRs lodged on January 19 this year in New Delhi but had so far only been questioned. But last week the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court pulled up the investigating agency after a PIL questioned CBI's pick and choose approach in its arrests. The PIL quoted TOI reports which highlighted how the big fish were roaming free while the CBI had netted only the small fish.On Thursday, Shukla was arrested on the basis of the first of the three FIRs, which refers to alleged criminal conspiracy among officials of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, UP government, officers of UP Processing &amp; Construction Cooperative Federation Ltd (PACCFED) and directors of three private firms based at Moradabad and Gajraula in UP.This FIR deals with contracts awarded to upgrade 89 district-level hospitals at an estimated cost of Rs 89 crore. The loss to the government exchequer is pegged at Rs 25 lakh per hospital, which works out to a total loss of Rs 22.25 crore. However, the CBI on the basis of payments made so far, has uncovered a loss of Rs 5.89 crore.According to CBI sources, Shukla allegedly roped in PACCFED for the hospital upgrade, which is said to have flouted norms in allotting the work.Other than Shukla, those named in the FIR include PACCFED MD VK Chaudhary, its chief engineer MM Tripathi, former director general (health and family welfare) SP Ram and director general (health and family welfare) RR Bharti. Of them, CBI had only arrested SP Ram.Shukla took over as mission director of NRHM in February 2009 and continued till April 2011. During this time, Babu Singh Kushwaha was the family welfare minister. Shukla was removed after Kushwaha and health minister Anant Mishra resigned taking moral responsibility following the murder of second CMO, family welfare, Dr BP Singh, on April 2. Earlier, CMO family welfare Dr VK Arya had been murdered on October 27, 2010. The two murders were linked to the NRHM Scam, which till now has claimed six lives. Since April 2011, Shukla had been posted as member, revenue board.After Shukla's arrest on Thursday, he was taken to New Delhi on Indigo's 2.50 pm flight (6E 309). Interestingly, on board the same flight was his wife, Aradhana Shukla, also a senior IAS officer. Shukla was then produced in the CBI court at Ghaziabad.Sources said CBI got into a flurry of activity and first arrested former Lucknow CMO Dr AK Shukla on Sunday midnight and then Pradeep Shukla, fearing rebuke in the high court. The court is slated to review the progress of the probe on May 28 and has asked the CBI to produce its case diaries.CBI's functioning had been questioned not only for the slow pace of investigation but also for not going after the big fish involved in the scam. Before Pradeep Shukla, the last high-profile arrest was that of former minister in Mayawati cabinet, Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was picked up on March 3, the last day of polling for UP assembly elections.Sources also confirmed that CBI had been on the lookout for Shukla for the past two days but had been unable to track down the senior IAS officer. Finally, on Thursday, they got information that Shukla was taking a morning flight from New Delhi to Lucknow. It was after this that the CBI slueths swung into action and nabbed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "yadgir", "code": "13091813", "title": "Staff crunch hampers Yadgir\u2019s growth", "text": "Yadgir: Shortage of manpower in government offices seems to have taken a toll on various development works in the newly formed Yadgir district. The situation has put the people of the district, who are feeling the pinch of drought, to more hardship. Even two years after its formation, about 1,500 posts in various departments, including education, treasury, zilla panchayat and tahsildar offices remain vacant. The government has not recruited permanent staff for any post.Though there are a few employees deputed from Gulbarga offices, people returning from various departments without getting their things done is daily affair. Most of the offices will be empty during the office hours. Vasudev Naik, a resident of Vadagera village of Shahapur taluk, who wanted to get sanctioned a borewell to his village, has been running from pillar to post. Though he approached the zilla panchayat office a couple of times, no officials were available.\"Many times I tried to contact them on their cellphones, but I did not get any positive response from them. The office looks like an empty hall,\" he rues. However, district in-charge minister Rajugouda sought to play down the situation.\"We are managing the situation well though we have less staff. We will not be left behind in drought relief works due to this,\" he claimed.When asked about staff crunch in various departments, he said: \"There are only three taluks in the district and it is not difficult to handle drought situation. Yadgir is now moving forward by women officers like deputy commissioner Guruneeth Tej Menon and superintendent of police D Rupa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088688", "title": "Bus policy on net, now send your feedback", "text": "MUMBAI: An amended draft of the school bus safety policy has been uploaded on the state government website and authorities have invited suggestions and objections from the public till May 22.The amendments were made after the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) objected to certain clauses in the previous draft.\"We were being told by the authorities that our demands are valid and the amendments would be made,\" said SBOA president Anil Garg.Bus owners agreed to installation of speed governors and two fire extinguishers in vehicles with a capacity of over 20, which they had opposed earlier. However, they are agitated over the clause that compels them to have an exit door in buses. \"While this measure involves higher costs, moreover, we will not be allowed to use the buses for a long period as the maximum age limit in Mumbai is only eight years,\" added Garg.Bus owners outside Mumbai are complaining that schools are reneging on signing an agreement with them. \"Many schools in Kalyan and Navi Mumbai have written to us saying that they don't want to sign an agreement. How does the state government expect us to function?\" asked a bus contractor.SBOA has objected to a clause in the draft which allows three-wheeler autorickshaws with a capacity of 12 to ferry schoolchildren. \"The home department has told us that this is applicable in rural areas, however, the draft is silent on the same,\" said Garg. \"Why will parents send their children in school buses if private vans and autorickshaws ferry students? The department must clear the air,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088110", "title": "Domestic help of retd police officer found dead in farm house", "text": "JAIPUR: A domestic help of a retired deputy superintendent of police was found murdered at the latter's farmhouse in the Vishwakarma area on road no. 6.Residents of Vishwakarma area reported seeing the body of a man lying near the farm house.Police were informed and the deceased was identified as Hemraj (22) who worked as a domestic help at the farm house of one Pahlad Rai Meena, a retired deputy superintendent of Rajasthan police.\"Hemraj was living in a hutment inside the farm house. When he did not return home on Tuesday evening, his family members looked for him at their relatives' houses and a missing report was lodged at the police station,\" said an officer with the Vishwakarma police station on Thursday.Though the deceased has no severe injury marks but an injury mark on the neck was found.\"Prima facie it is a murder case but we have sent the body for post mortem and only after the report comes can the cause of death be ascertained,\" an officer said.Further investigations in the case are on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088843", "title": "Patients pay 5% extra for lifesaving drugs", "text": "CHENNAI: Drug stores in Tamil Nadu are making a killing, overcharging patients with cancer, HIV and tuberculosis, and those who have had organ transplants.Consumers have been paying 5% extra to druggists who have been charging the printed maximum retail price (MRP), which includes value added tax (VAT), though the government has exempted lifesaving drugs from tax. In 2002, the government had exempted more than 30 drugs from sales tax under the Tamil Nadu General Sales Tax Act. In 2007, when Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax came to force, these drugs were added to the VAT exemption list. Tamil Nadu commercial taxes department officials say the loss to the state exchequer due to VAT exemption runs into crores, but consumer activists say the benefit has not been passed on to the patients.\"Drug stores are making undue profits,\" said Consumer Association of India trustee R Desikan. Officials in the commercial taxes department who do monthly audits say that manufacturers of lifesaving drugs including Alkem, Cadila, Cipla, Novartis , Ranbaxy, Lupin and Wockhardt have been filing returns with the department every month showing they have not been charging VAT from chemists in the state. But the MRP printed on these packs continued to be inclusive of VAT as it was being packed for all states. Officials from these pharmaceutical companies claim they have instructed distributors and druggists to deduct VAT from MRP.TOI has medical bills issued by leading drug stores and hospital-owned pharmacies, showing that tax has not been deducted. Since no druggist has been pulled up for overcharging, the government has no idea about the quantum of the loot. \"There is no way we can monitor sales on a day-to-day basis,\" said an enforcement wing official. Commercial taxes minister C V Shanmugam said \"We will take action against druggists who sell lifesaving drugs for more than the permitted price.\"The five-year fleecing comes to light in the wake of the state exempting insulin from VAT last month. TOI had found that diabetics, who could save up to Rs 115 less on insulin, were paying the printed MRP. All India Organisation of Chemists and Drugs Educational Trust trustee Srinivasan R has written to chief minister J Jayalalithaa to direct manufacturers to print retail prices for tax exempted medicines as 'retail price in Tamil Nadu.' He has suggested that chemists should be asked to display separate price lists furnished by manufacturer and those meant for the consumers.Tamil Nadu Chemists and Druggist Association honorary secretary M Arulkumar supported the suggestion. \"If the revised rates are printed for stocks sold in our state, no customer will be cheated,\" he said. Pharmaceutical companies say it might be difficult for them to print separate prices because they don't know which batch is meant for Tamil Nadu. A spokesperson from insulin manufacturer Sanofi-diabetes said, \"We are evaluating the feasibility of printing MRP in line with the revised tax structure in Tamil Nadu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "13087525", "title": "Jangalmahal cop job racket busted, two held", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The CID on Thursday arrested two youths from Kharagpur for taking money from candidates applying for police jobs in Jangalmahal. The youths assured the job-seekers that they would ensure their selection. The drive for recruiting Jangalmahal youths as constables began after chief minister Mamata Banerjee's first visit to the Maoist-affected zone in July last year - two months after she assumed power. During that visit, Mamata had announced that 10,000 youths from the strife-torn region would be given police jobs.The arrested duo - Alok Patnaik and Mihir Rana, who hails from Panskura's Haur and Kultikri villages, respectively - had apparently learnt from somewhere the names of those candidates selected for the post of junior police constable. Accordingly, they targeted those candidates just before their appointment letters were to be issued. Alok and Mihir would tell their targets that their marks were slightly less than the qualifying limit. The duo then promised to help them overcome the shortcoming \"by manipulating the process\" in lieu of money.One such candidate smelt a rat after paying Rs 20,000 as the first installment of the Rs 1.5 lakh they demanded of him. Dilip Singh, a candidate for junior constable from Goaldihi village in East Midnapore's Sankrail, said his suspicions were raised after talking to a number of fellow applicants who said they had collectively paid the same persons several lakhs in lieu of similar promises. Singh immediately complained to the CID.On receiving Singh's allegation, CID along with Kharagpur town police station began an investigation into the complaint. On Wednesday, Singh was supposed to meet the duo at Kharagpur bus stand. Accordingly, CID laid a trap with plainclothes sleuths waiting near the meeting spot. As the dup approached Singh, the latter signaled to the sleuths in disguise and identified the culprits. CID sleuths nabbed them immediatelyAlok and Mihir were produced before the court of Midnapore chief judicial magistrate Kallol Das on Thursday. They were remanded in police custody for five days. The duo has been charged under sections 420 and 120B of the Indian Penal Code.Of the 10,700 policemen to be recruited from the three Jangalmahal districts, tests and interviews have been completed for hiring some 1,500 junior constables from West Mindapore. Appointment letters are on their way to those selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13088521", "title": "\u2018Traffic cops beat up man at Bhiwandi for arguing\u2019", "text": "THANE: Bilal Abdul Qadir Shaikh lies in a semi-conscious state in the ICU of a Mulund hospital, following an expensive surgery on his dislocated arm. The 45-year-old Kalyan-based fabricator, his family says, was assaulted by Bhiwandi traffic police on May 2. His fault: questioning the cops who demanded Rs 200 to release him and his biker friend Mohsin Nisar Khan after being caught for alleged signal jumping at Ranjoli Naka, Bhiwandi.\"My brother (Bilal) tried to reason with four traffic constables who stopped his bike and pulled out the keys. He said he was following the six bikers ahead of him who sped away and that he should not be fined. Traffic constables Kishore Shinde and one Pawar started abusing my brother and Khan,\" claimed the victim's brother, Dr Salim Shaikh. \"When Pawar raised his hand to slap my brother, he held the hand. Soon, he was kicked and beaten by the cops.\" The constables were reportedly joined by two colleagues-one Yadav and one Kadu-who too heaped blows upon Khan and Shaikh.\"They made communal remarks against my brother and his friend. The episode was witnessed by Hamid Gulab Shaikh and one Irfan, who stays in our neighbourhood at Kalyan and tried to intervene. But they were threatened into leaving and my brother and Khan were take to the Kon police station,\" Dr Salim said.At the station, the victim's brother claimed, Bilal was hit repeatedly with lathis and kicked and punched by four to five constables. Bilal and Khan were then booked for obstructing a public servant from conducting his duty.\"The two were involved in a brawl with traffic police; also, Bilal held a constable by his shirt collar. We will probe the case and listen to their version and take a decision after filing a cross complaint,\" said D G Bondre, senior inspector at Kon police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091351", "title": "A balance sheet on status of child rights in UP", "text": "VARANASI: The Uttar Pradesh network of the Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL) is going to release a comprehensive document about the status of child rights in the state, '20 years of United Nation Child Rights Convention (CRC)-A Balance Sheet', at a workshop here on Friday.\"In fact, at the national level, a balance sheet of the 20 years of CRC has already been released in November last on the occasion of the International Children's Day (November 20) by the New Delhi based HAQ Centre for Child Rights and Terre Des Hommes, Germany,\" said Rajni Kant, the state convener of CACL. \"Now, we have documented the status of the children in UP in the light of the CRC report,\" he told TOI adding that all aspects related to child rights had been highlighted in the balance sheet.According to the national level report, 172 organisations, campaigns and networks and 215 children across the country came together to join the 20-year review of implementation of CRC in India. Over 60 years of several constitutional guarantees and about 20 years since ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in 1992, India's children continue to face grave violation of their basic rights. There are 57 laws and 60 legal provisions, 9 policy documents, a separate plan of action for children and many goals and targets set out under five year plans, 73 budgeted programmes and schemes of the central government for children from 9 Ministries, a full-fledged ministry to cater to the children's rights and a national commission for protection of child rights, yet there is no respite for children.According to the report, malnutrition levels for Indian children are reported to be the worst in the world. The country hosts the highest numbers of child labourers across the globe and also ranks the highest on child sexual abuse. \"We do not have a national policy for children defining the 'child'. In fact, the CRC Committee has time and again recommended that a uniform definition of the child be adopted in policy and laws,\" the report said. There are no measurable goals and targets and no reliable data on child vulnerability. Shifting of goals and irrationality in setting out targets to be achieved is clearly visible. 100% registration of births, deaths and marriages was the goal in 2000, 2005 and even today under different plans and policy documents. We have crossed the deadline for ensuring this by 2010.The report further states that about 25% births remain unregistered, if the 2007 figure of 74.5% registration of births at the Office of Registrar General of India (ORGI) is to be relied upon. The Ninth Five Year Plan target of reducing infant mortality (IMR) to below 60 per thousand live births by 2002 was very wisely revised in the National Health Policy, 2002 and subsequently in the National Plan of Action for Children, 2005 to half the number. But when the Tenth plan target of reducing IMR to 45 by 2010 and 28 by 2012 could not be met, the Eleventh plan retained the ambition of IMR reduction to 28 but did not set a deadline for it. The Ninth Plan was very ambitious with under-5 mortality rate reduction goals as it aimed at a reduction in CMR to below 10 by 2002, considering that NFHS 1 showed a CMR of 109 in 1992-93.Deadline for elimination of child labour from hazardous sectors by 2007 and mainstream rescued children through education by 2012 is far from being met as more and more children join the informal workforce. Increase in child labour from 11.26 million in 1991 to 12.66 million in 2001 show progressive increase in incidence of child labour than its elimination. Crimes against children often do not get reported and what is available by way of crime data is very inadequate. Increase in crimes against children, especially rape and kidnapping is phenomenal.According to the report, the most disturbing facet of gender discrimination is the low sex-ratio. It is important to bear in mind that sex-ratios have fallen in both the 0-6 year age group and the 15-19 year age group. In fact the adolescent sex-ratio has been far lower than the child sex-ratio and no attention has been paid to this. According to Census 2001, there are 225 million adolescents in the age group of 10-19 years, comprising nearly one-fifth of the total population (21.8 percent) of India. The sex ratio for adolescents in the 13-19 age group declined from around 898 girls to 1000 boys in 1981 to 884 girls in 1991. In 2001, sex ratio in the age group 10-19 years was 882 females per 1000 males, lower than the sex ratio of 927 females per 1000 males in the age group of 0-6 years. It was 902 for younger adolescents aged 10-14 years and 858 for older adolescents aged 15-19 years.Even while concentrating on child sex-ratio, we have not been able to achieve the goals set out in our policy documents and plans. According to the Annual Report of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on implementation of PC&PNDT; Act, as on March 2005, there were 26,954 bodies registered under the PNDT Act in India. The numbers of unregistered facilities is not known. Almost a million sex selective abortions are reported to be taking place in India annually, which points to the fact that most registered facilities are flouting the law and so are many others that remain unregistered.\"To make the picture clear at state level the CACL network with the help of NGOs is working in 18 states to document the status of the basic rights of children during 20 years of the implementation of CRC,\" said Rajni Kant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089048", "title": "Check stray cattle, illegal dairies: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unhappy with the return of illegal dairies in the capital, the Delhi high court has directed the erstwhile MCD and Delhi Police to ensure these are removed.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw instructed the new municipal corporations and police to implement the high court's key directions issued in 2008 on relocating dairies to Ghogha Dairy Colony, being developed as an alternative by the erstwhile MCD. Both authorities have been asked to ensure that the menace of stray cattle on roads or of illegal dairies in the city does not return.The court was hearing a petition filed by a resident of Maharpur village, Rohini. The petitioner had complained that illegal dairies had once again mushroomed in his locality as dairy owners had returned from Ghogha Dairy area owing to unsatisfactory facilities there. He accused the agencies of ignoring the return of stray cattle and illegal dairies, saying they have violated court orders which specifically laid down a timeframe for relocation of dairies by August 2008.Last year, MCD had claimed that its efforts to provide all amenities at Ghogha Dairy were hampered due to Delhi Jal Board's inability to ensure sufficient water supply to the area. The civic agency said that apart from water supply, which was DJB's responsibility, all remaining facilities had been provided to owners at the dairy on the outskirts of the city. It said MCD officials had met Jal Board representatives, but no solution had emerged yet.In 2002, HC had directed the civic body to shift the dairies outside the urban areas on a public interest litigation by a non-governmental organization, Common Cause. When MCD failed to get its act together despite repeated orders, the court once again took up the matter and fixed a deadline of August 31, 2008, for relocation. However, the agency has been seeking extensions citing one or the other problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13088890", "title": "BJP will capture power soon in Centre, says Gadkari", "text": "MADURAI: BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday said that the party would soon capture power in the Centre, and appealed to the cadres to rope in members from all walks of life into the party in Tamil Nadu.Addressing BJP workers after inaugurating the fifth state conference of the party in Madurai on Thursday, Gadkari slammed the Congress and alleged that the country was in a dire status due to faulty economic policies of the ruling party. \"The economy is failing and unemployment, inflation is soaring high,\" he charged. \"But good governance and development is the vision of BJP and the states ruled by BJP are marching in the path of development,\" he said.The BJP was established in Tamil Nadu way back in 1958 as the Janasangh and had managed to make inroads into the electoral bank in places like Kanyakumari, Coimbatore and Trichy. The party also managed to get stalwarts like Rangarajan Kumaramangalam and had a handful of MPs particularly during its alliance with one or the other Dravidian parties. However, its stocks dwindled in the last decade and the party was decimated to a non-entity in the state, though it managed to grab power in neighbouring Karnataka.The BJP is now harping on the state conference to make its presence felt in Tamil Nadu as well as to galvanise public from the state, especially in southern districts. The BJP also hopes for an image makeover to project itself as a secular party in the state.\"It is a ploy by the Congress to project BJP as an anti-minority party which is not true. In BJP-ruled Goa, nine of the party MLAs are Christians. BJP has never discriminated people based on religion or caste. The party belongs to everyone,\" Gadkari said.Striking a chord with the cadres drawn from across the state, Gadkari greeted them in Tamil evoking applause from the gathering. BJP's national secretary, Muralidhar Rao who spoke earlier too surprised all with his Tamil greeting.Interestingly, none of the speakers attacked chief minister J Jayalalithaa though they launched an onslaught on DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi. \"We resolve to change the colour of Tamil Nadu politics. Tamil Nadu people are bored of MGR and Karunanidhi,\" he said. Party leaders, Venkaiah Naidu , state president, Pon Radhakrishnan also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094103", "title": "Liv Ullman to visit India", "text": "It's her dream project, and it's getting a shape in India. Mythical Norwegian actress Liv Ullman's project Liv &amp; Ingmar about her stormy passionate fecund and far-reaching relationship with Swedish director Ingmar Bergman , is going through its post-production work-the mixing, background music,editing and sound design-in Mumbai at the Canaries Postsound studio.An unprecedented move .No European film project has undergone post-production work in India before.When one got to know about the hush-hush proceedings at Yashraj , the immediate imupulse was to find out if Liv was in Mumbai.Resul Pookutty, the sound designer of Liv &amp; Ingmar was contacted. He was understandably evasive. He finally relented to reveal, \"Yes, we're currently doing the entire post-production work of Liv Ullman's film at Yashraj.Me, the film's director Dheeraj Akolkar and a few other technicians are here.\"Liv, we are told, is expected to arrive soon, quietly on an undisclosed date. Says Resul, \"She is very very fond of India.She was here about a decade ago, and she remembers every single detail of her visit including the little girl who danced for her at a function. She's definitely coming here because her most cherished dream project(Liv &amp; Ingmar) is being edited and put together in Mumbai.\"Interestingly Liv's film has no Indian connection except its director and sound designer. Says Resul, \"In that sense, Liv &amp; Ingmar is unique. A part of Slumdog Millionare's post-production was done in India. But that was a Mumbai-based film. In terms of theme, location , content and characters Liv &amp; Ingmar is not Indian at all. The only Indian aspects of the docu-fictional film are the director and me.\"Interestingly Resul had to \"import\" all the sounds from Scandinavia.Explains the sound designer, \"95 percent of the incidental sounds in the film had to be recorded in Norway and Sweden. For example,there were shots of birds flying.And when we tried the local bird sounds Liv turned around and said, 'That doesn't sound like the birds out there at all.' So we went all the way to Norway and Sweden to record bird tweets, and all other incidental sounds and brought them back here to Mumbai.\"Liv &amp; Ingmar opens in Europe on August 26. Ironically in spite of its Indian director and sound designer it has not even found a distributor for an Indian release. It's hoped that Liv Ullman through her visit to Mumbai would create a renewed awareness of Ingmar Bergman's timeless classics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13091599", "title": "Palamu deputy development commissioner assures help to kin of deceased", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu deputy development commissioner (DDC) Chandra Shekhar visited village Osaney under Chainpur block on Wednesday after a 25-year-old Dalit woman Sonia Devi immolated herself along with her three children on May 7. Shekhar met the deceased woman's husband Dilip Ram.Sources said the chief secretary has asked the Palamu administration to send a report on this matter to the home department.The DDC, while talking to this correspondent said, \"The woman did not immolate herself due to any paucity of fund or scarcity of food. Some emotional issue could have been the reason behind the incident.\"Food was prepared on May 7 also, when this tragedy occurred. The number of utensils that this Dalit family has, indicates that food was regularly cooked there. However, the DDC agreed the family could have lived a much better life had the head of the family gone out for work regularly. Dilip Ram is sick and has recently come back from Banglaore after a treatment.Ram will now get the second instalment for Indira Awas. A well, being constructed under MGNREGA near this house, had caved in.The DDC said work on it will be soon revived and Ram has been asked to work on the site, which will help him earn wages. \"Ram's aged father will be given old-age pension,\" said the DDC.The DDC agreed the family could have lived a much better life had the head of the family gone out for work regularly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088517", "title": "Passengers stranded as AI cancels seven flights", "text": "MUMBAI: The crowd of passengers swelled in front of the Air India (AI) counters at the city's international airport terminal after the airline cancelled three more international flights-to Qatar , New York, Newark and Jeddah-on Thursday. Four AI Express flights to Calicut, Trivandrum and Mangalore were also called off, leaving hundreds stranded.The strike staged by erstwhile Indian Pilots Guild's since Monday has forced AI to cancel several of its long-haul flights, with 13 services being called of on Wednesday.Left in the lurch at the last moment, AI passengers on Thursday kept waiting at the airport, hoping to be accommodated on other flights. Temper flew as some flyers lost their cool and demanded an explanation from the airline officials for not informing them in time about cancellations; only after they reached the airport were they told about it, some complained. While some demanded an immediate transfer to other airlines, many kept waiting, some for six to seven hours, for a conclusive word from the airline about the status of their flights.Though the airline offered a refund of the entire ticket amount, those opting for another carrier at the last minute, had to cough up astronomical sums.Digvijay Pande, an engineer who works in Doha, waited for at least five hours. His flight, IX 241 to Doha, was scheduled to depart at 3.25pm but was cancelled. \"The airline did not bother to inform about the cancellation. I checked the airline website in the morning and the flight was scheduled on time. Now, the airline staff has asked me to wait till they can find me an alternative,\" said Pande, who has to report to work in Doha on Friday. \"I don't want to buy a ticket on another airline as the prices now will be twice or thrice the regular amount.\"Among the hoard of passengers stranded was a senior citizen, S P Soni, who was supposed to take a flight to Bahrain on AI 9241 to meet his son there. Three other flyers were seen haggling with the AI staff, trying to ask for another booking; they were booked on a New York flight on May 8 and were assured to be accommodated on alternative flights. The AI, however, reportedly failed on their promise.Those who opted for a refund and bought tickets on other carriers, said immediate bookings cost them at least 20% more than the usual rate. On a travel portal, a one-way ticket to Doha was available for Rs 22,000 -27,000 and a one-way ticket to New York was priced at Rs 60,000 or more. \"A return fare to Doha is otherwise Rs 25,000. A New York return fare is around Rs 70,000, if booked a week or two earlier,\" said Rajesh Rateria, MD, Cirrus Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13091546", "title": "Dhanbad administrator may review holding tax", "text": "SINDRI: Dhanbad town administrator A K Pandey on Thursday hinted at reviewing holding tax rates of Dhanbad municipal corporation (DMC).Talking to the media, the town administrator said that holding tax fixed years ago needs revision. Holding tax fixed for houses having two rooms have expanded, with time but the civic body is not receiving enough revenue.Replying to a query on non-payment of salary to DMC employees of Sindri, he said that different civic body circles need to generate their own resources to meet the expenses. The employees need to understand that they are not government-aided and should honestly collect revenue, he added.The civic body has decided to collect revenue from different mobile towers, he informed, adding that the mobile tower owners would have to pay a tax of Rs 25,000 per annum.According to him, many employees working for the Sindri circle have not been appointed as per norms and a case related to this issue is pending with the high court. The respective officer in-charges of the civic body failed to provide proper information to the authorities.The town administrator also assured to take action against the contractors for poor quality of roads in Sindri and said unfinished road work should be completed at the earliest. He criticized the sanitary conditions of the area and said that the filth has not accumulated in a day or two.The citizens too need to develop a civic sense to keep their colony and environment clean, he opined. It is not always possible for the government agencies to clean the dirt and filth, he added. Ward councilor Ajanta Jha was also present during his visit. ----Anil", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093413", "title": "Gabbar Singh Gets Hit Review", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's 'Gabbar Singh' opened to a thunderous applause. The film, which released today, evoked a positive reviews all over the state, with eager fans already declaring it a super hit right after the morning show. Reports say that director Harish Shankar took an ideal script to suit Pawan Kalyan's body language, image and trademark his antics. Pawan Kalyan's flop streak had been troubling the actor for many years, but looks like Gabbar Singh might just end his miseries.Top directors and actors have already took the Twitter route to show their appreciation for Gabbar Singh. Director Ram Gopal Varma tweeted \"Congraaaaaaaaaaats on the POWER PUNCH!\" Actor Siddharth wrote \"Gabbar Singh' is the new paisa vasool blockbuster to beat! PowerStar fans everywhere rejoice! It's time to watch records fall :)\". Another director said, \"Hearing fire works from gabbar Singh theatres all over, in shoot...wil catch up for evening show\".Few of Pawan Kalyan's dialogues in the film that had fans erupt in joy.Charitra gurinchi..chettta butta gurinchi aloochinchanu.Eega valithe meere choosukondi. Migilinavi vaalithe naaku cheppandiNenu cheppinaa okate, fans cheppinaa okate\".Naakuk evvadu pootee ledu...Naaku nene potee...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092781", "title": "Hansika Motwani is on a Weight loss Battle", "text": "Hansika Motwani has been having one helluva dream run in tinsel town. From being one of the most sought after actresses in Kollywood to getting to romance the biggest stars of Tollywood on screen, the young actress has done it all. What's more, the bubbly beauty was recently voted as the dream girl of Kollywood.Perhaps it's to live up to this tag, or stop her critics from tch-tching about her increasing weight once and for all, Hansika we hear, has hopped on to a jet plane and headed to the US. While there, she plans to shed lots of weight and come back looking svelte. It's always a good idea to get into shape, but we wonder what's there in the US that you can't get in India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088325", "title": "Cops recover Kakkar\u2019s kada in ghats", "text": "MUMBAI: Police recently recovered aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar's kada (bracelet) and the weapons used in his killing. The recovery of the bracelet has finally convinced Kakkar's family that he may be dead, but they are still awaiting DNA reports for a final confirmation.Kakkar's brother Hanish said, \"I had gifted the kada to my brother and I identified it immediately. I have now started to believe that my brother is dead. But we will wait for the DNA report after which we will request the police to handover the body parts to us for his last rites.\"Vijay Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar at his rented flat in Oberoi Springs on March 5. They chopped the body into three parts in Kakkar's bathroom and packed it in two suitcases. The accused used Kakkar's BMW to take the suitcases to Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun, where they dumped the body parts at different locations.Police arrested Palande and Shinde along with two other accomplices for the murder of Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku at Oshiwara on April 7. During interrogations, Palande and Shinde also confessed to their involvement in the Kakkar murder case. A police team took Palande to Kumbharli ghat where he showed them the spot where he dumped the body parts. Police recovered a skull from the spot. A few days later, another police team which took Shinde to the ghat recovered the torso. Police took DNA samples from the body parts to compare with Kakkar's kin, but the family had told TOI they still believed Kakkar was alive.Palande and Shinde had told police that they threw Kakkar's three laptops and six mobile phones and other belongings in the ghat along with his body. Police are yet to recover the gadgets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087651", "title": "HSC-GujCET tangle upsets students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Higher School Certificate (HSC) - Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GujCET) tangle continued to upset students in the state. Like in the past years, the trend of students performing well only in one of the two HSC (science) and GujCET exams continued this year. Many students who performed well in HSC (science) exams fared badly in GujCET exams.Anushkha Patel, a student of HBK School, was all smiles when she got her HSC (science) result wherein she scored 90 per cent. However, the happiness was shattered by the GujCET result as she scored only 75 per cent marks.Another student Rituraj Jaiswal, too was upset as he scored 90.66 percentile in HSC exams, but scored just 77 per cent in the entrance test.Like Patel and Jaiswal there are many whose fate will be hanging in balance despite a good performance in board exams. GSHSEB officials said that students in Gujarat are fare less when it comes to competitive exams. This year out of the total 1.1 lakh students who appeared for the GujCET exam in the state only 1,000 could manage to go beyond 90 percentile.Officials said that more than 20,000 students have in fact scored less than 20 percentile. The GujCET exams in the state too have witnessed problems with erroneous questions being common each year. This year too, board officials awarded five grace marks to all students due to an error in mathematics paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089684", "title": "?This weekend, a play to tickle your funny bone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready for a laughter treat this weekend with a comedy play 'Episode in the life of an author' to be staged at Tagore Theatre on Saturday. The play is about a series of events take place in a single day in an author's life and his efforts to put everything in the right place.The play has been staged by city-based director Mohneesh Kalyan and is based on a story by Jean Anouilh .According to the director, the play begins with a writer having an argument over a letter with his wife when a reporter from Bangladesh arrives to take his interview. Knowing about the interview the writer is overwhelmed thinking how many fans he has in Bangladesh and tries to be a good interviewee. However, during the interview a lady, who thinks the writer is her lost husband, keeps calling again and again.Meanwhile, two plumbers reach his house to check water leakage. Instead of checking the problem they keep troubling him during the interview.Also his servant is crying since morning since she is pregnant and nobody is paying any attention to her.To add on the chaos, the writer's two filmmaker friends keep on calling him up as they are worried about script and actors. In the meantime, the writer's mother also reaches his house as her landlord has asked her to vacate the flat.After her, a CID officer also reaches there to conduct the raid as someone had informed him that the writer was running a beauty parlour in the house.Dealing with all these situations, the writer tries to finish the interview but gives up to the problems in the end.The play will be staged by Fool's Paradise in association with Chandigarh Institute of Performing Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13087915", "title": "Ajmer dargah residents happy over relief to Khaleel", "text": "AJMER: The order of the Supreme Court granting permission to Pakistani virologist Mohammad Khalil Chisty to visit his country is welcomed by everyone at the dargah area here. People believe that it is a message of love and harmony that transcend boundaries and it will also help to make the ties between India and Pakistan strong.There was a serious talk on the permission to Khaleel to visit Pakistan, mostly in the dargah region and people said that it was required on humanitarian ground. \"Khaleel had already suffered a lot and it is his right to see his family. We do not have revengeful law to get eye for an eye. Reformation is needed and Khaleel has realized what wrong he had done,\" said Naresh Patni, secretary of dargah bazaar market association. He said that they are happy that a father could be able to see his children and go home again.People think that the order to permit Khaleel to visit his home again is an example of humanity. \"It shows that we care veterans and it is good that Khaleel could be back to his family and relatives after 20 years,\" said Babar Chishty, the councillor who represents dargah bazaar in municipal corporation.Mohammad Aazim, president of Pehla Kadam, an NGO, said that it was good to hear that Khaleel would be back with his family. \"I met Khaleel after he was released from jail and found him as a good human being,\" said Aazim. He added that he too is human and have right to live and see his family after suffering for his deeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087094", "title": "7 day Alphonso fest on from today", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to make directly available original and naturally ripened Alphonso mangoes from Konkan to Nashik consumers, the Konkan Udyog Paryatan Vikas Sanstha (KUPVS) has organized a seven-day Mango Festival from Friday.The Festival, which will be held from April 11 to 17 at the Nashik District Central Co-operative Bank (NDCCB) will be inaugurated by the chairman of Nashik Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Devidas Pingle in the principal presence of the NDCC Bank chairman Advay Hiray. The original and naturally ripened Alphonso at reasonable rates are the features of the festival.\"With an aim to make directly available original &amp; naturally ripen Alphonso from Konkan belt to consumers and make available mango-growers a market to sell directly their product to consumers, KUPVS has organised a mango festival from May 11 to 14 in the hall of the Head Office of Nashik District Central Co-op Bank (NDCCB) here. Farmers from Konkan are participating in the festival. Apart from Alphonso, other byproducts will also be made available for the sale,\" said the office-bearers of KUPVS.During the last year too, we had received a good response as Alphonso worth Rs. 50 lakh were sold in seven days. Around 15 farmers from Dapoli, Kolshi, Vengurla, Ratnagiri, Devgad, Rajapur, Lanja and Guhagar and other parts of Konkan had participated in a mango festival, they said.The mango festival is being held in Nashik for the last nine years. It was held for the first time in the year 2004. After the good response from consumers in Nashik, the festival is being held continuously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088632", "title": "Defer set-top box deadline: Cable operators", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court on Thursday issued a notice to the Centre on a nn urging that the June 30, 2012, deadline for compulsory use of set-top boxes be deferred.A division bench of Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by 15 cable operators from Ghatkopar, Chembur, Deonar, Kurla and Govandi. They said very little time was given to them to comply with the November 11, 2011 notification, issued by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, for implementing the digital addressable system (DAS).In the petition, the cable operators said there are no specific rules to guide small-time operators on how to abide by the notification and they are \"in the dark\" regarding processing of applications/fulfilment of terms. They added that set-top boxes would have to be imported from China and procurement would take 3-4 months. While they challenged the validity of the notification and pleaded for it to be quashed, they also urged direction to the government and Telecom Regulatory Authority of India to grant them reasonable time to implement it.Advocates Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Vaibhav Sugdare said there are various compliances to be made under the Cable Television Networks (Amendment) Rules, 2012. \"The rules have come into force as late as April 28, 2012. The time is short,\" said Kumbhakoni. The court was informed that the cable-operators want 6-9 months to comply with the notification. The judges directed the ministry to reply on or before June 5, 2012, and posted the hearing after court reopens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086697", "title": "210 crore power project gets a new lease of life", "text": "KOCHI: Breathing life into a much-delayed project to strengthen power distribution system in the city and its suburbs, the KSEB will invite tenders for the ring main project and augmentation of 11 KV network within a few days. The Rs 210-crore project is expected to bring down transmission loss and ensure uninterrupted power supply.The project introduced a couple of years ago had been hooked in various technical snarls. The augmentation of power distribution project includes replacing all overhead electricity lines with underground cables, setting up new transformers and a 33 KV sub-station at Kadavanthra.\"Once the ring main unit becomes functional, power disruption will be a thing of past. All transformers will be connected to the ring main unit and whenever there is a power failure due to technical snarls in one of the transformers it will automatically be isolated and another ring will take care of power supply for the time being,'' V Sathyarajan, chief engineer, distribution, KSEB, said on Wednesday.A 33 KV sub-station will be set up on the Steel Industries Kerala Limited (SILK) land at Kadavanthra. SILK owes a handsome amount to the KSEB and the plan is to hand over the land to the board for setting up the sub-station.The amount for the project comes from the Union government. The transmission and distribution loss in the state is 20.3 per cent, but the Union government wants it to be reduced to 15 per cent in five years. \"If we are able to achieve the target within the stipulated time, the Union government will consider Rs 210 crore allotted to us as grant. If we fail, the amount will be treated as loan and then we will have to pay interest,'' Sathyarajan said. \"We will have to bring down transmission loss by one per cent each year. We will have to retain the transmission loss at 15 per cent at least for the next five years of completing the target,'' he said.Moreover, as part of the scheme, KSEB is introducing insulated aerial benched cables in areas overcrowded with trees. In a pedestrian-friendly move, the KSEB will cover open fuses in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/sambalpur", "code": "13091007", "title": "State commission for women chief moots meet to end lawyers' agitation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/SAMBALPUR: The State Commission for Women chairperson, Jyoti Panigrahi, on Thursday recommended the state government to convene a meeting to resolve the deadlock in wake of the lawyers' dispute with Sambalpur district collector Mrinalini Darswal.In her five-page report to chief minister Naveen Patnaik on the collector-lawyers standoff, Panigrahi asked the government to convene a meeting of state Bar Council chairperson, IAS Officers' Association president, Sambalpur Bar president and Sambalpur collector with director general of police for early solution to the impasse. \"The issue needs to be resolved early because due to the stalemate, litigants including women were suffering and the state was facing huge revenue loss,\" Panigrahi told TOI.Panigrahi said she had made three principal recommendations in her report. Besides the suggestion for a high-level meeting, she also suggested to the district administrations to take sufficient precautionary measures to avoid such incidents while highlighting that the Sambalpur collector was not well prepared while going to the agitating lawyers. Thirdly, the SCW chief advised the district administrations to make sufficient police deployment when they apprehend law and order problem.\"I have not made any comment on who was at fault as the crime branch is probing into that matter,\" she said.Meanwhile, functioning of courts and judicial offices has been severely affected in Sambalpur for the last 15 days. No legal work can be done in the town at present, and common people are suffering immensely.Even the signing of an affidavit for students opting for higher education is almost impossible as notary public and stamp venders are not available in the court area. \"I need a residential certificate to apply for my higher studies, but as the lawyers have continued their cease-work, I am not able to get the certificate,\" a student of Sambalpur said.Lawyers, on the other hand, said they knew about people's plight, but were helpless. They accused the government of giving rise to such a stalemate. \"We understand the plight of the people, but we are undone. The government should take appropriate steps to solve the problem immediately. We have decided to continue our agitation till May 19,\" general secretary of Sambalpur district bar association Bijitendriya Pradhan said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092120", "title": "Koel Mallick hits the right note", "text": "Music is integral to the plot of Raja Chanda's 'Jaaneman'\"The song is featured on Ria (my character), who meets her grandmother ( Saswati Guha Thakurata) for the first time with the help of Soham. This can well be called the turning point of the film as Ria is shown to be looking for her grandmother since childhood. This song also shows the bonding between Soham and Ria.\"About her look in the song, Koel informs, \"Ria comes from a zamindar family and so, in this scene, I'll be seen in a sari and traditional jewellery. This is the only sequence in the film where I get to wear a sari.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mettur", "code": "13089382", "title": "Mettur power plant shut after blaze, Tamil Nadu may feel the pinch", "text": "METTUR: In a blow to power-starved Tamil Nadu, the Mettur thermal power station run by the state electricity board was shut down after a conveyor belt carrying coal was destroyed in a fire early on Thursday. One person was killed and two others were seriously injured in the incident.The open-air conveyor belt carrying coal to a broiler in the first unit of the plant caught fire minutes past midnight and the entire structure supporting it collapsed. The incident forced Tamil Nadu Electricity Board to shut down all four units of the 840MW plant, depriving the state of a crucial part of its power supply when demand is at its peak. But chief minister J Jayalalithaa said the shortfall would be compensated by restarting non-functional units at the Tuticorin and North Chennai thermal power plants.Making a statement in the assembly, she said, \"Steps have been taken on a war-footing to commission the non-functioning units at Tuticorin and north Chennai from today.\" The units, which were shut for maintenance, are expected to generate 420MW when they become operational. In addition, 330MW would be purchased from a private power producer in Nagapattinam district. So, against the loss of 840MW, 750MW would be made up, she said.The CM said the accident took place around 12.30am and nine fire tenders were pressed into service. \"The fire was put out in four hours,\" she said, adding the conveyor belt was completely damaged. \"It will take a month to put things back on track.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089292", "title": "HC vacates stay on recruitment of NU teachers", "text": "NAGPUR: In a respite to Nagpur University, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Thursday vacated the stay on recruitment advertisements for lecturers. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale vacated the ad-interim stay after NU counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni informed them that they will be deleting the specific clause in the advertisement related to appointment of persons with disability and will soon publish a corrigendum in this regard in the media.The bench then admitted the plea by blind lecturer Rajesh Asudani (35), who claimed that NU has violated Persons with Disabilities (Equal opportunities, protection of rights and full participation) act, 1995, in its advertisements for recruitment of professors, associate and assistant professors.The petitioner contended that these advertisements for filing posts in teaching departments and conducted colleges provided reservation for disabled but \"subject to availability\", and preference will be given to physically handicapped. He added that the advertisements failed to specify exact nature of disability and are against various circulars issued by UGC, Government of Maharashtra, Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, and are also against the settled laws established by judgments of Supreme Court and various high courts.Asudani, working with RBI as class-I officer, pointed out that NU had issued advertisements for recruitment of lecturers three times in five years but failed to move beyond that till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "paproudi (samarala)", "code": "13090066", "title": "'Manto got Chekhov, Wilde to Paproudi'", "text": "PAPROUDI (SAMARALA): Ujagar Singh and Bhagi are enfeebled by age and their memories are scratchy. Yet, they bring an infant-like animation in their voice as they see the youngsters of their village, Paproudi, preparing to host the birth centenary celebration of their friend, cult author Saadat Hasan Manto, in his hometown here.Ujagar, who claims to be 101, and Bhagi, 82, recall Manto as a man who invoked the village's creative conscience with his incisive faculties, reflecting the social and cultural aspects of his era. Manto's birth centenary will be celebrated on Friday.\"Ankhiya meech jandi jado Manto di yaad andi hai (My eyes well up with tears when I recall Manto). Kashmiri warga chehre te noor te ustoh waddi haatha di shafa (Manto and his fingers wielded intense and thought-provoking writing),\" says Ujagar, as he clears his eyes, recollecting memories of their shared childhood.Manto, who was born on May 11, 1912, in this village, spent nearly two decades here, often moving between Samarala, Amritsar and Shimla with his father.The two Manto companions and his admirers still regard him as a great champion of the moral values of human civilization who was attacked by the British government and progressive authors for being a rebel writer.Dredging-up his memories, Ujagar says Manto was a man of absorbing emotions who freely discussed subjects as patriotism, prostitution, humanity, social ills, existence of God and spirituality.\"He even taught us some English during the British rule. Manto introduced us to the literature of the Western world through translations of Oscar Wilde and Chekhov. Maybe I can speak some sentences,\" Ujagar, who is unlettered, says with a chuckle.Manto scripted his own epitaph that read: \"The name of God, the compassionate, the merciful, here lies Saadat Hasan Manto and with him lie buried all the secrets of the art of storytelling in his breast. Weighed down by the earth, he wonders still: Who is the greater writer, God or he?\" And his other friend says Manto was a gift to the village from God.\"God had sent him to our village. He was a man who lived an ascetic life. His ambitions though took him to Bombay (Mumbai), but he remained frugal and settled with whatever he earned. We even exchanged a few letters,\" remembers Baghi.Manto was equally good at sports , playing kho kho and football , say his friends.Both Baghi and Ujagar admit they were pained when they discovered that Manto had first settled in Mumbai and then left for Lahore after Partition.Most of the villagers here are though ignorant about Manto's works in Bombay's film industry, but both admit that it was films where Manto found his \"moorings\".On Friday, the two, along with the villagers, will gather around the home that once housed the village's greatest storyteller.\"Of course, he still lives among us in the bylanes of Paproudi,\" says Ujagar, with nostalgia writ on his face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088937", "title": "Body of murder accused found", "text": "PATNA: The body of Prem Kumar Singh, one of the accused in the murder of a beer bar owner and contractor Saket Gupta, was found lying abandoned at the railway tracks near the Kumhrar railway crossing under the Agamkuan police station on late Wednesday evening.Prem, a native of Sadiqpur ( Gulzarbagh), was the owner of several beer bars at Alamganj, Sampatchak and Bahadurpur in Patna district. He also dealt in real estate business.Saket, a cousin of a DG-rank IPS officer, A K Gupta, was gunned down by armed criminals in the parking lot of Kumhrar archeological site on May 7 where he had gone for a morning stroll. Soon after Saket's murder, his mother Geeta Devi had lodged an FIR against Prem Kumar Singh, Pramod Kumar, Bobo, Mukesh, Pankaj, Kuku, Raju and Pintoo. Raju and Pintoo were arrested the same day.City (Patna) SP Kim said Prem's brother Sunil Kumar on Thursday lodged an FIR with the Agamkuan police station against unknown persons in connection with the murder. The deceased's family members alleged that Prem had been murdered. The police are waiting for the autopsy report which could ascertain the reason behind Prem's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13087060", "title": "State asks Airport Authority of India to alter airport plan", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government has asked the Airport Authority of India (AAI) if they could rework the alignment of land to be acquired for constructing parking bays at Karipur airport. Such a change would spare 50 of 172 families whose land is to be acquired for the work. The decision was taken at a high-level meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday.Realignment would also minimize the local resistance. Efforts to acquire the required 137 acres of land for airport development and an additional 20 acres for rehabilitating displaced families have been hanging fire due to opposition from local residents.Airport development committee chairman P V Gangadharan said the delay in acquiring land was the major roadblock to airport development. \"Currently the airport can handle only seven airlines at a time. This has led to several airlines cancelling operations,\" he said.MLAs, district collector and panchayat president have been asked to hold talks with the local residents to facilitate a visit by AAI officials to examine the land.Minister for airports K Babu said those who give land would be given priority in employment at the airport and the AAI. The fund for acquiring land would be included in the next supplementary demands for grants.Minister P K Kunhalikutty, M K Raghavan MP, MLAs K Muhammedunni Haji, M Ummer, P Ubaidullah, C Mammotty, P Sreeramakrishnan, Calicut International Airport Development Society president K Moidu, representatives of local self-government bodies and officials from the Revenue Department and the AAI were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087697", "title": "New State Bank of India branch banks on youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The trendy new place at Road No.36 Jubilee Hills with bright and colourful interiors and latest music is not another hangout for youngsters, but actually a bank. The place, which can easily be mistaken for a lounge or a coffee shop, is the new branch of State Bank of India (SBI) named 'Yuva' opened especially for the youth.However, while the management of the bank has painstakingly tried to make the place as appealing to the gen Y as possible, only time will tell if coffee, books and video games will motivate youngsters to open accounts in the bank.Bank officials, however, played safe on the age group they were targeting and said all those who feel 'young at heart' can actually open accounts here.After the Kohinoor branch in Banjara Hills for the elite, which requires a minimum opening balance of Rs 1 crore for an account, and the Vasundhara branch in Jubilee Hills only for women, SBI has now targeted the youth.Talking about the venture, Rakesh Sharma , chief general manager of SBI, Hyderabad circle, said, \"The welcome ambience of the bank is about the fun aspects that the youth can enjoy if they bank here. We have incorporated technology that suits their style with a self banking kiosk which is an ATM that can also print passbooks and generate statements. Soon, we will also be installing a bunch note accepter machine to make depositing cash easier.\"Though the bank is mainly for the youth, there is no age limit for customers, Sharma added. The average age of the staff at the Yuva branch is around 25 and the timings are 1 pm to 7 pm. Sunday banking facility is also available.Officials said that the investment for the project was around Rs 80 lakh in fixed assets and they are expecting to break even within this financial year, mostly in the first six to seven months.The place has a jazzy ambience with vibrant coloured walls and abstract lighting complete with a guitar hanging in a corner. Apart from the coffee bar, book corner, gaming console and music store, the bank is offering add on services and benefits targeting young professionals working in MNCs at the surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13088140", "title": "Things get clearer for schools, parents", "text": "Admission to unaided schoolsEvery school should notify the BEO on the number of seats available under RTE quota. It should be up on the school notice board, accessible to the public. The Parent-Teacher Association should be notified and schools to take steps to notify parents in a suitable manner.BEO shall calculate 25% availability of seats, school-wise, and notify it to the Parent-Teacher Association/ parents/ community through public display at prominent places.BEO shall fix a calendar of events for admission to schools under 25% free seat quota. The cycle of admission process shall begin from January of the year from 2013-14. The cycle announced during 2012-13 is applicable only for 2012-13.The head teacher shall only ascertain that completely filled application forms, along with required documents, are received. The veracity and verification of the content will be the responsibility of the BEO's office, after provisional selection is completed by the school in Stage II. In case the application is not complete, the school authorities should not accept by giving reasons in writing to the applicants.Eligible applicants/ parents/ wards will be intimated to be present at the school on the day of admission.On the day of selection, the BEO shall make himself, or his nominee not below the rank of the head teacher of a higher primary school, available to observe the process. Applications from outside the neighbourhood shall be kept separately.The selection process will be based on reservation notified by the government.After selecting the candidates, all details, original application form and documents to be submitted to the BEO office. The BEO will confirm the selection much before the start of the next academic year and well within March 31. The provisional list should be announced subject to approval from the BEO.Reimbursement of feeThe total expenditure per child shall be determined by the school and should be submitted to the BEO along with evidence to support the expenditure.Annual statement of accounts certified by a chartered accountant, along with details of salary paid into bank accounts of the staff, constitutes evidences to be submitted by school authorities.The total annual expenditure of the school has to be divided by the total number of students, both free and payment quota, to arrive at per child expenditure.If expenditure per student thus arrived at is to be compared with the actual amount charged by the school from the students, the lesser of the two should be taken as considered amount per student.The government will declare per child expenditure on or before May 30 of the year for the following academic year, beginning June 1.Other directionsA parent can reach out to the nearest Block Education Officer to file a complaint in case of corporal punishment or detention or expulsion from a school.A child, while seeking admission, can produce the DOB certificate issued by a hospital, anganwadi or an application written by the parents stating the DOB of the child.No school can deny admission to a child, even after the admission process is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13091932", "title": "Four garment units to come up in Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project (SKDRDP) is contemplating starting four readymade garment units at Kanavi Honnapur, Pashupatihal, Yamanur and Navanagar in Dharwad district.About 300 people in the district will get employment, N Jayashankar Sharma, regional director of the project, told the media here on Thursday.SKDRDP is involved in forming self help groups to help villagers become financially self-reliant and contribute for the development of their community.\"In Dharwad, 11,385 SHGs have been formed. With these groups, nearly Rs 21.55 crore savings has been registered. Along with savings, SKDRDP has been promoting community development by giving scholarships to its members' children, building toilets for primary schools and providing infrastructure facilities to schools,\" he added.S Seetaram Shetty, district director of the project, said SKDRDP will start Shuddha Ganga water units in various districts to provide water for 10 paisa per litre to people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "13087695", "title": "Teenager ends life after failing in exam", "text": "NADIAD: Unable to bear failure in exam, a teenager ended her life on Thursday in the outskirts of Nadiad. Police identified the deceased as Vaishali Makwana, 18.Vaishali had logged into Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Board's website at 10.30 am at her Manjipura home to see her 12 science result. She was shocked when she realized that she had failed in the exams. Her parents and Nadiad rural police did not reveal as to whether she had failed earlier. Makwana had consumed organic phosphorus - a pesticide kept in her home after she came to know her results. She was rushed to Shraddha Hospital in Nadiad. Though doctors gave her antidotes to wear off the effect of the poison , but Makwana failed to respond to the treatment.\"As of now we are yet to find a suicide note. The parents are being questioned in the matter. We are trying to ascertain whether anyone in the house had intervened when Vaishali attempted suicide or had Vaishali planned this a day ahead,\" said an official from Nadiad rural police.Meanwhile, in a special advisory, the district education department has appealed to parents to attend to their children while they are coping up with result related stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088920", "title": "Women outnumber men in Patna Municipal Corporation poll fray", "text": "PATNA: The rising confidence level of women in the state capital is showing in the number of candidates in the fray for a ward councillor seat in the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections to be held in 70 wards on May 17 and in one ward on May 22.Out of the total 72 wards under the PMC, there will be no election in the ward number 28 as Vinay Kumar Pappu has been elected uncontested. \"Only Vinay Kumar Pappu filed nomination papers from the particular ward,\" said returning officer Arvind Kumar Tiwari.There are 323 women and 307 men among the total 630 contestants in the fray. They belong to different backgrounds. According to affidavits submitted by the candidates, nine of them in seven wards are illiterates while three PhD candidates are contesting in ward number 10, 13 and 23.The chief electoral officer has also decided to put up banners of 'Know Your Candidates' with their bio-data in each ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13093865", "title": "Govt constitutes panel to probe alleged irregularities within drug regulator", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking serious note of a parliamentary standing committee report on functioning of Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO), health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday constituted a panel of experts to look into irregularities in passing new drugs.The three-member committee of experts comprising Director General ICMR V M Katoch, president of National Brain Research Centre, Department of Biotechnology, Manesar P N Tandon and former director of Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, S S Aggarwal, has been asked to submit its report within two months.The committee has been asked to examine the validity of the scientific and statutory basis adopted for approval of new drugs without conducting clinical trials, outline appropriate measures to bring about systemic improvements in processing and grant of statutory approvals and suggest steps to institutionalise improvements in other procedural aspects of functioning of the CDSCO.The report has pointed out serious irregularities and serious lapses in clearing new drugs in the grant of approval to new drugs without conducting clinical trials in India.It also pointed out to a collusive nexus between drug manufacturers, officials of Drugs Control Organisation and medical experts in granting approvals to new drugs and said drugs banned, discarded or withdrawn in developed countries are in circulation in India.The parliamentary standing committee report has made recommendations and observations on various aspects such as organisational structure and strength of CDSCO, approval of new drugs, banning of drugs, approval of fixed dose combinations, pharmacovigilance and spurious/sub-standard drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087743", "title": "Engineering, pharma forms available from Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Forms for admission in engineering and pharmacy colleges which were to be distributed from Friday will now be made available from Monday.Members of the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) said that the admission forms will be sold from the designated banks from Monday. The mark sheets of HSC (science) result will also be available from Monday.Sources said that the printing of the forms was delayed. Also, since Saturday and Sunday are holidays for banks which were supposed to sell forms, it was decided to postpone the date of availability of forms from Friday to Monday.The online registration and the resultant process of admission will, however, not be delayed and will be as per the schedule declared by ACPC. Members said that students should not go to buy forms on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087776", "title": "Andhalkar released on bail", "text": "PUNE: A special court here on Thursday released retired police inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar, who was under arrest in an alleged disproportionate assets case, on a personal bond of Rs 30,000 along with a solvent surety. Andhalkar has been directed to report to the Anti-Corruption Bureau, between 11 am and 2 pm, on Mondays and Tuesdays. He has also been directed to cooperate with the ACB and not influence witnesses in the case.Andhalkar was arrested on May 2 for allegedly possessing disproportionate assets to the tune of over Rs 1.57 crore. Earlier, Hemant Bhat, assistant commissioner of police, ACB, produced Andhalkar in the court, following the expiry of his police custody remand.Additional public prosecutor Shashikant Jagtap pleaded for extension of Andhalkar's police custody for two more days for carrying out investigations relating to his assets, including a sports utility vehicle; a hotel; shops; a bungalow at Akluj; and an emu farm. But, Andhalkar's counsel, Sudhir Shah, opposed the prosecution's plea on the grounds that the court had given sufficient time to the ACB to investigate the matter and that further detention of his client was not needed.Special judge A P Kurhekar remanded Andhalkar to judicial custody and later released him on bail.Soon after his release, Andhalkar was greeted by a large number of his supporters. Andhalkar told reporters that he had served in the state police force for 33 years and had been given clean chit in 16 inquiries against him, between 1977 and 2007. \"Even the state director general of police had given me a clean chit in 2009. But still a false case was registered against me by an unknown person,\" he claimed. Andhalkar said the ACB should complete its probe within a month's time as he was ready to co-operate with them.Andhalkar, who resigned from the police force in November 2011, said, after being given clean chit in all investigations against him, his resignation was accepted as 'unconditional'. He appealed to the ACB to close the probe against him and file a 'B' summary report in the court.Andhalkar claimed that the properties owned by him and his family were from legal source of income and demanded that the agency should consider his bank transactions and also assets owned by his father.Andhalkar said he would post details of his assets on the internet. \"I had an unblemished service record. I have won 1,000 awards. The actions taken by me have disappointed some influential people. An attempt is being made to show that I am an international criminal. I am a supporter of truth and I will get justice from the court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13087674", "title": "Plaint against sarpanch, secy over today's meet", "text": "Mapusa: Social activist Michael D'Souza has filed a complaint with the Goa state election commission for a direction to the village panchayat of Anjuna-Caisua not to go ahead with its meeting scheduled for May 11. He alleges that several decisions aimed at luring voters are likely to be taken at the same.The complaint, filed against the sarpanch and secretary, states that they would be violating the code of conduct in place for the May 16 panchayat polls, as important decisions on occupancy certificates, house numbers, etc are listed to be discussed. The sarpanch has denied the charge.\"Around 150 files pertaining to issuing house numbers, occupancy certificates, have been planned for the meeting on May 11, clearly to induce voters,\" D'Souza has alleged.His complaint states that the panchayat held an ordinary meeting on May 2 and subsequently issued a notice on May 4 to hold another ordinary meeting on May 11. \"It is learnt that several applications have been received recently seeking allotment of house numbers on the basis of affidavits, thus making the full process a mockery of governance,\" D'Souza has stated.He alleged that the panchayat didn't hold a gram sabha for seven months giving the code of conduct as a reason, but didn't apply the same reason to holding the ordinary meetings.Sarpanch Sandip Chimulkar denied the allegations saying, \"It is just a routine meeting. We will not issue any licences or clear any files which may violate the code of conduct. The present panchayat body has not been dissolved and since we have not received anything in writing from any authority, it will not be illegal to hold an ordinary panchayat meeting. We have every right to convene the meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088783", "title": "Cops book college staff for abetting student\u2019s suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the suicide of a student of a private engineering college in Avadi, police on Thursday registered a case of abetment to suicide against three college staff on Thursday.Police said R Jayakar, 19, of Bharathi Nagar, Korattur, hanged himself in his house on Wednesday afternoon soon after he returned from the college. Later his parents realised he had been dismissed from college. After grilling the principal, vice-principal and another staff member, police filed a case against them.\"It appears that they did not inform the student's parents before dismissing him,\" a police source said. Jayakar's family members who were initially baffled about the reason for his extreme step later found the transfer certificate in his bag. Following this, the student's friends and relatives protested and blocked traffic near the college, demanding action against the authorities.Jayakar's father, Ravi, who runs a pan shop in the neighbourhood, had managed to get him a mechanical engineering seat after taking a loan of 3 lakh. He was also paying 62,500 as his annual tuition fees. Jayakar got 864 marks out of 1200 in his class 12 exams, but apparently found engineering tough. He had 16 arrears. With five more days left for semester exams, college authorities dismissed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089630", "title": "Kids told to wear nylon tracksuits, parents upset", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Asking students of a school in Sector 45 to wear nylon tracksuits to school did not go down well with the parents. The move triggered protests by some parents outside the school premises on Thursday leading to a high drama. The parents stood at the gate holding the tracksuit and demanded that the school authorities take back the decision.\"The students were given nylon tracksuits and we do not understand the logic behind making the children wear nylon clothes in summers. Moreover, now the school has asked them to wear these suits everyday as uniforms,\" alleged a parent.On the other hand, school principal, who was on sick leave when the protest was held, said, \"As per my knowledge it was only one parent who protested. Moreover, it is not compulsory for the students to wear nylon tracksuits in summers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13089599", "title": "Magnetic therapy helps beat the blues", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have found a new magnetic therapy for depression which they claim could soon spell the end for brain-altering, anti-depressant drugs.The NeuroStar TMS Therapy developed by researchers at the University of California Los Angeles works by beaming magnetic pulses through the skull that trigger small electrical charges that spark brain cells to fire.Results from trials on more than 300 patients with severe depression showed that 58% of them achieved a positive response while over a third went into remission. The findings, presented at the annual meeting of the American Psychiatric Association, could be a potent new treatment, researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13088261", "title": "Volvo bus fleet on Gurgaon-Chandigarh route all set to go up", "text": "GURGAON: Following the overwhelming response to AC Volvo bus service between Gurgaon and Chandigarh via Indira Gandhi International Airport, the state transport department has decided to increase size of the fleet to 15 from nine.\"We are planning to provide Volvo bus after every hour to improve the service between Chandigarh and Gurgaon,\" said Yashendra Singh, general manager, Haryana Roadways. Director general of state transport, Arun Kumar, will launch the new fleet along with city bus service on Saturday from Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29.In absence of bus queue shelters, city buses in Gurgaon will stop at any point on direction of passengers. In the first phase, 72 buses - including 15 air conditioned buses - would operate on four specified routes between 6 am and 11pm.The service will be available at a frequency of 10 minutes. While the non-AC buses would charge five rupees for first eight kilometers, air conditioned buses would charge the same amount for first five kilometers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093093", "title": "Monal Gajjar debuts in Mollywood", "text": "Tollywood actress Monal Gujjar will now be known as Meena in Mollywood. The actress is making her debut in M'wood through Vinayan's Dracula 2012. \"Language should not be a deciding factor for actors,\" she says about her debut in the Malayalam film industry.However, she confesses that she was initially not too sure about it. \"But once I started the shoot, I found it easy to work with such a wonderful crew. And now, I'm happy that I took the offer,\" says the actress.Meena will essay the role of the lover of Count Dracula. She is also awaiting three releases back-to-back in Tollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ajmer/ jaipur", "code": "13088159", "title": "Students duped by travel agents", "text": "AJMER/ JAIPUR: A group of 35 students of St Anselm's school was cheated in the name of an educational tour to China and Shanghai by two Agra-based tour operators. The school administration has lodged a case of cheating in the Clock Tower police station but is keeping mum over the developments and has asked the parents not to divulge details.St Anselm's schools at Ajmer had planned an educational trip to China and had charged nearly Rs 60,000 from every student for the eight-day tour, sources said.According to Clock Tower police, principal of St Anselm's, Ajmer, K Ligori had written to the parents of the students studying in Classes VI-VIII asking them to deposit a sum of Rs 60,000 and their ward's passport for a tour to Hong Kong and Shanghai. Later, 35 students were selected for the tour and were being taken to Delhi in a bus.\"After they reached at the Indira Gandhi airport on Tuesday night, the principal of the school K Ligori called up the two travel agents through whom the whole trip was organised.Initially, the agents said the tour was cancelled and later switched off their cell phones,\" said an officer on Thursday. Police said the group returned back to Ajmer on Wednesday and principal of the school has lodged a case of cheating against the Agra-based travel agents - Pankaj Tiwari and Sarvesh.Asked if the parents had also registered separate FIRs in this connection, the officer said \"No such FIR had been lodged by the parents so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13087730", "title": "Chennai stay alive with crucial win", "text": "JAIPUR: Albie Morkel and Anirudha Srikkanth's late charge helped Chennai clinch a crucial four-wicket win over Rajasthan on Thursday. Chennai bowlers set up the platform with Ben Hilfenhaus and Yo Mahesh restricting the hosts to 126-6 as rain delayed proceedings.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsChennai made heavy weather of the chase before Morkel and Anirudha (both 18 each off six balls ) pulled off a sensational win . The two raised 43 in just 11 balls for the seventh wicket.Earlier, MS Dhoni picked Hilfenhaus over Doug Bollinger and his move worked like a dream . Yo Mahesh's inclusion also proved more than useful.Having won the toss, Dhoni opted to field first on a track which turned out to be good for bowlers and on which the host batsmen looked hapless . Chennai were the firm favourites and Rajasthan needed a good start to put pressure on the opponents but with both openers -- Rahul Dravid and Ajinkya Rahane -- losing the plot , Rajasthan lost the grip .Hilfenhaus provided the first blow by dismissing Dravid (4). After that , all hopes were pinned on Rahane and Shane but the second jolt came . Trying to lift the ball , Watson (5) was caught at third-man by R Ashwin off a Hilfenhaus delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087726", "title": "Chemistry proves too explosive to handle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many students' hearts were burnt by equations of chemistry as the highest number of Higher School Certificate (science) students failed in the subject. Much feared math paper which had left most students in tears during the exams, came a close second.HSC (science) result declared on Thursday revealed that maximum 29,517 students failed in chemistry subject. Officials said 1.10 lakh students had appeared for chemistry paper out of which 80,483 students passed.In math, 74,087 students had appeared out of which 61,596 passed, posting a pass percentage of 83.14 per cent.Teachers said that the chemistry paper this year was easy and students were expecting to fare better in this subject as compared to math which was deemed to be an extremely difficult paper.In biology, 85.13 per cent students passed the exam, while physics saw 83.53 per cent result - 17,565 students failed to clear the physics paper.Interestingly, students fared best in Gujarati (first language), Marathi and Arabic languages which recorded 100 per cent result.In English (first language), students posted 99.27 per cent result. In English (second language), the result was 94.77 per cent. Of the 59,946 students who opted for computer practical exam, 5,565 students failed to clear the same. The result was 90.71 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088926", "title": "Rejig in minister portfolios, cabinet on the cards?", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is likely to see a cabinet expansion soon with at least three ministers to be sworn in and portfolios reshuffled-with an eye on the 2014 polls.Though his priority is to fill up vacant posts of the statutory committees and boards, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has said the cabinet expansion is necessary as the DF government is seeking a fresh mandate in 2014. \"My priorities are appointments on the statutory committees but it's time we filled up the cabinet posts as well. A decision will be taken once the performance of existing ministers is reviewed,\" Chavan told TOI without hinting at a date for the expansion.Political observers believe the expansion would only be announced after the Maharashtra Legislative Council polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13090007", "title": "WHO issues malaria alert to those travelling to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling to India this summer? Better be prepared against malaria.The World Health Organization (WHO) has alerted international travelers against the active threat of malaria in India. In its latest 'International Travel and Health Bulletin 2012', the WHO has said that malaria risk exists throughout the year in the whole country at altitudes below 2,000m.The bulletin cautions travelers against malaria infections, especially while travelling to the northeast, the Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands , Chhattisgarh , Gujarat, Jharkhand , Karnataka (with the exception of Bangalore), Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra (with the exception of Mumbai, Nagpur, Nasik and Pune), Odisha and West Bengal (with the exception of Kolkata).According to the global health watchdog, 40%-50% cases of malaria in India are caused by the deadly P Falciparum, with an estimated 18,000 deaths in a year due to the fatal disease. The WHO bulletin also warns against anti-malarial drug resistance cases being reported in India.The advisory, however, adds that there is no danger of malaria transmission in parts of Himachal Pradesh , Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Sikkim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13088763", "title": "10-yr-old Ghaziabad boy gives kidnappers the slip", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 10-year-old DAV school student showed exemplary courage when he foiled his own kidnapping bid on Wednesday afternoon. The boy managed to escape when both the kidnappers were busy calling his father for ransom. The boy tried twice before succeeding as his heavy schoolbag acted as a deterrent in the first attempt.The incident took place when the boy was returning to his residence from school. \"Two persons on a black colour Pulsur bike stopped me around 2.30pm and asked about an address. Suddenly, the pillion rider took out a cloth and tied my mouth and forcefully dragged me onto the motorbike,\" said the victim, Ayush Chauhan, a resident of Brij Vihar. His father, Mahesh Chauhan is an accounts expert.The accused then took him around the area and stopped at a park. They then started asking him on gunpoint about details like address, parents, etc. Meanwhile, when the boy's family realized that he had not returned home, they informed the police that the boy had gone missing around 3.30pm.\"The two men slapped me when I refused to share my personal details. When they kept asking about my father's mobile number, I gave them a wrong number. While they were trying to call on the number, I escaped from their clutches and reached a market near my residence. The kidnappers chased me, but thankfully I spotted my uncle and ran towards him. Finding me in a crowded place, the bikers sped away,\" the boy added.\"When the kidnappers took my son in a lane, he tried to run away, but his heavy bag slowed him down,\" said the victim's mother. \"In the second attempt, my son dropped his bag near Rampuri area to run away from them,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088371", "title": "Another green nod for airport in Navi Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed Navi Mumbai international airport cleared another hurdle on Thursday, when the Union environment ministry's expert appraisal committee (EAC) gave its nod to the construction of two roads and two intersections leading to the project site.The EAC nod for such offsite infrastructure facilities means that all environmental clearances required for construction in and around the airport have now been obtained. The EAC has already approved the airport's master plan.Cidco had sought approval for a road connecting the airport to the national highway and another one linking the airport to Khandeshwar station. Approval was also sought for two clover leaf intersections planned on the western and eastern sides of the airport.About 80% of the proposed roads falls under the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ). With the greenfield project granted a special status in the new CRZ notification, the EAC has permitted reclamation of a portion of CRZ for the road work. Sources, however, said the committee has made it clear that mangrove-laced portion (about 20%) will not be reclaimed. It has permitted construction on stilts over mangrove areas.Following the nod on Thursday, hopes of initiation of civil work at the site before the year-end have received a boost.In another development, Cidco opened tenders for development works in the proposed rehabilitation area, which had already been identified, on Thursday. It has also appointed Florida-based firm Lewis Environmental Services for a plan to replant about 370 hectares of mangroves surrounding the airport site. Besides, the plan for shifting high-tension cables has also been readied.The state has initiated the process of appointing a concessionaire for the airport work by preparing the request for quotation (RFQ) document, which has been placed before the Centre's steering committee.Meanwhile, the Union cabinet is expected to soon take a call on whether the state can be appointed as a nodal agency instead of the civil aviation ministry. Once the RFQ document is accepted, a further bid process could be completed and civil work initiated in four months, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089064", "title": "Man let off in elopement case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recalling an adage that \"one cannot love and be wise,\" a Delhi court has spared jail term to a 21-year-old youth, held guilty of kidnapping a minor girl, who had eloped with him.Taking a liberal view of the offence of Delhi resident Deepu Kumar, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat sentenced him to a day-long detention in court room itself instead of packing him off to jail. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1,000 on him.\"One cannot love and be wise,\" said the court, referring to English author Lord Khoen's writing, while letting off the youth. \"One becomes mad in love and cannot be expected to think rationally,\" additional sessions judge Bhat said, adding that the convict's plight and circumstances \"are very well understandable\".The court was referring to the love-lorn youth's decision to elope with the girl, believing her version that she was not a minor. However he landed in trouble when the parents lodged an FIR and informed the police that their daughter is a minor.\"It is apparent from the record that the convict and prosecutrix were in love with each other and in fact the prosecutrix (girl) had insisted upon the convict to perform a runaway marriage with her,\" the court said.The court said \"the only thing\" that went wrong was that the girl was below 18 years of age but the boy could not blamed as she had not revealed her true age to him.\"For that also, the convict cannot be blamed as the girl had revealed her age to be 19 years at that time. The convict did not take care to verify the age of the prosecutrix and thus, landed in trouble,\" the court said. \"One cannot love and be wise.... He had no choice but to believe his beloved that she is major,\" the court added.The prosecution had alleged that the boy had kidnapped the minor girl in January 2011 to marry her forcefully. The girl, however, had deposed she was in love with the boy and got married to him on her own will.The court noted the boy was convicted only after his pleading guilty to the charges framed against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089388", "title": "Palasgaon tiger stable but not out of danger", "text": "NAGPUR: The Palasgaon tiger, which suffered injuries on its left paw and subsequent internal complications after getting entangled in a metal trap laid by poachers, has shown a slight improvement. However, vets treating it admit that it would be a big achievement to save the tiger.\"Although the health parameters show some improvement and condition of the tiger has not deteriorated further, I still feel it is not out of danger,\" Dr NP Dakshinkar, the professor &amp; head of department of medicine at the Nagpur Veterinary College, told TOI.On Thursday, a team of doctors including dean Dr A Samad, Dr Dakshinkar, Dr Gautam Bhojne, and forest officials including A K Saxena, additional PCCF (wildlife), Nagpur, East, ACF Kishore Mishrikotkar and honorary district wildlife warden Kundan Hate checked on the ailing tiger at the Seminary Hills nursery.It has been under treatment ever since it was brought here on April 28. The poaching incident happened on two days earlier. One tiger died and a third escaped the traps that were cleverly set at a waterhole on the outskirts of the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve.Dr Dakshinkar said although the tiger has not come out of the acute renal failure, there is definitely some improvement as toxic wastes are passing out. The tiger's liver functioning is absolutely normal and this possibly resulted in its improved appetite.\"The animal consumed 2.5kg meat on Thursday, which is a good sign. The urea-creatinine levels are still high but show a declining trend,\" Dr Dakshinkar said.Looking into the tiger's improved condition, the vets have stopped administering IV fluids and as a change of strategy, are resorting to minimum medication. \"If the need is felt, the fluids will be administered again,\" said Dr Dakshinkar.The vets are leaving no stone unturned to see that the tiger comes out of bad health. Sources said utmost care is being taken during the treatment. \"On Thursday, it took three hours to put a plaster on the injured left paw of the animal,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087701", "title": "A floor a week: Work moving fast at two towers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The announcement of GIFT Urban Development Authority has come at the appropriate time. Two major towers located in the SEZ area, which are poised to be 29 storeyed each, have achieved their respective benchmarks.In the last six months, developers have already constructed 17 floors in one of the buildings while the second building already has seven floors. Sources in the urban development department claim that each of the floors is being constructed in seven days. It was only in March last year that GIFT Company Ltd became the official owners of a large tract of land in Shahpur.\"GIFT authorities are aiming at readying the first tower by August 15, but the status will be clear by mid-July,\" said an official.In May 2010, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had cleared the height of 120 metres for GIFT City buildings. An official said that in the first phase of the project the developers will construct 14 million square feet of space, including the two towers.GIFT officials had earlier told TOI there will be provisions for two schools, up to the senior secondary levels. One will be affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), and the other to International Baccalaureate.Another GIFT Company Limited official said it is wrongly believed that electricity will be costlier in GIFT SEZ.He said the company will actually offer power at a rate lower than what is prevalent in the rest of the state.GIFT has close to Rs 11,700 crore worth of MoUs to show. IL&FS;, which is the principal developer, was to develop a total carpet area of 7.77 million square feet initially and pump in Rs 3,000 crore worth of investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088540", "title": "IB left red-faced after 3 Pakistani businessmen named terrorists", "text": "MUMBAI: Was it another goof-up by Indian security agencies?A Pakistani newspaper on Thursday reported that three of the five Pakistanis alleged to be terrorists by the Intelligence Bureau and who were said to have entered Mumbai for a terror attack, are actually Pakistani mobile retailers. The newspaper report even said the three persons had approached a Lahore police station asking for police protection.Sources in Indian security establishment on Thursday scrambled to say the alert was \"not for Mumbai\". Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik on Monday conducted a meeting of police officials and briefed them about security after the IB issued the alert.The alert, along with pictures of suspected Pakistani terrorists, was issued on May 6. Central intelligence agencies warned that five LeT terrorists, aged 25-30, had managed to sneak into Mumbai via the sea route, in what seemed like a rerun of the 26/11 operation. It was believed the men wanted to attack vital city installations. On May 7, after police and other security officials met, security was heightened for key Mumbai installations.Now, sources in the security establishment said the alert came from R&AW;, and it was issued to the agencies concerned by the Multi Agency Centre, part of the IB. After the Pakistani newspaper report emerged on Thursday, R&AW; is believed to have been asked to explain the alert.Union home secretary RK Singh said, \"The advisory circulated was based on credible information. We stand by that. As far as contents of the advisory, we do not comment on ongoing matter.\"Pakistani newspaper, The Express Tribune, said three of the five \"terrorists\" were very much present in Lahore. The report said, \"In Lahore, after seeing their pictures reported by Indian media, three of those identified, businessmen Atif Butt, Mehtab Butt and security guard Baber Shabbir, approached police seeking protection.\"Two of the three, the newspaper report said, owned and operated cellphone retail stores in Lahore's popular electronic market Hafeez Centre for many years. Quoting Muhammad Fayyaz Butt, the president of the shopkeepers committee at Hafeez Centre, the newspaper said Atif Butt had been running a cellphone business under the banner of Sun Mobiles.Mehtab Butt had been operating a similar business at the centre. The Pakistani newspaper also quoted TOI's front page report on May 9, which quoted a senior police official saying the five terrorists are hiding in Mumbai.On May 6, the IB had issued an alert saying five Lashkar men had sneaked into Mumbai via sea to carry out attacks. However, a Pak daily has reported that three of the suspected terrorists are cellphone retailers and are present in Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13087702", "title": "Errant foreigner cleans up waste at Benaulim", "text": "After being caught for dumping garbage by local residents near St John the Baptist church in Benaulim, Alex Pirie, a foreigner and general manager of an adventure tourism company, hired labourers to remove the waste. Pirie, who has been residing in Colva for the last three years, profusely apologized to the residents, who were led by youth activist Roque Fernandes, and promised not to repeat the act. Fernandes, who has confronted and lodged police complaints against people dumping garbage in the open several times in the past decided against filing a complaint and the matter was amicably resolved. A large crowd had gathered at the site, including green activists Clinton Vaz and Judith Almeida. The residents promised to keep a lookout for foreigners dumping garbage and hoped this incident would set a precedent for it.UTAA to observe May 25 as 'Prerna divas': The United tribals associations alliance (UTAA) will observe May 25 as 'Prerna divas', in remembrance of the two tribal youth, Dilip Velip and Mangesh Gaonkar, who died in the Balli agitation on that day last year. A function will be held at Azad Maidan, Panaji , to mark the occasion on that day, UTAA president Prakash Velip told mediapersons. UTAA will also build a memorial in the memory of the two tribal youths at Balli, Velip said. \"The two youths laid down their lives for the uplift of the tribal society. Their supreme sacrifice should not go waste. We will fight for our rights till we get justice,\" Velip said.Notice to mariners: The period of foul season in Goa is from 12am of May 21 to September 15.Therefore, the department of captain of ports (CoP) has notified that until further notice, the Aguada sand bar shall remain closed for all inland traffic vessels with effect from 12am of May 21. The CoP has also notified that the lighthouses of Malim, Campal, Tejo Front and Tejo Rear, Reis Magos and Aguada Beacon will cease to function with effect from 12am of June 1 until further notice.No liquor sale beyond 11.30pm: The district magistrate, North Goa district, Panaji, has ordered that there shall be no sale or consumption of liquor beyond 11.30pm in the hotels/bars/liquor shops within the jurisdiction of village panchayat going to polls in North Goa district. Failure to comply with this order shall result in the cancellation of licenses and the owner shall be liable for penal action under the relevant sections of law.Dearness relief for govt pensioners: In view of the rise in the cost of living, the government of Goa has sanctioned dearness relief to government pensioners/family pensioners of 65% with effect from January 1, based on grant of dearness relief to central government pensioners and pensioners of All India Services.POWER SHUTDOWNChandor (May 11): Between 9am and 3pm. Areas to be affected - Chandor, Guirdolim, and part of Nessai.Karapur (May 11): Between 2pm and 5.30pm. Areas to be affected - Lalbag, Vialapur, Karapur Tisk area in Sarvan-Karapur of Bicholim taluka.Altinho-Panaji (May 11): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Microwave Quarters, E Type government quarters, Kendriya Bhandar and vicinity.Taleigao (May 11): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected - Kevnem, Nagali, Kerant, Syndicate Bank, Kamat Villa, Samarth, Purva Aprtaments, Caranzalem and vicinity.Bhironda (May 11): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Cotodem, Shelpi, Gawana, Shirsode, Mapan, Bottar and Nimnichigal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088846", "title": "Top babu says BEST never gave an NOC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a rebuke to former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's stand that BEST had never objected to 2,669 square metres of depot land being de-reserved and its construction rights being given to Adarsh, former municipal commissioner and one of the state's top bureaucrats, Swadheen Kshatriya, said the transport undertaking had never given its no-objection certificate (NOC).\"It was expressly clarified to the minister of state for urban development (Rajesh Tope) that as far as the undertaking is concerned, it will not grant an NOC for de-reservation of land, as suggested by (secretary and Adarsh scam accused) Ramanand Tiwari,'' said Kshatriya, who was then BEST general manager and is currently additional chief secretary (revenue).The state urban development department (UDD) had initiated a proposal in 2005 to de-reserve land at the Backbay bus depot and change its reservation to residential. Thereafter, construction rights of the plot in the form of Floor Space Index (FSI) were allotted to Adarsh at concessional rates, so that the society could build additional floors.Kshatriya said that it was clarified at all meetings with the UDD that BEST did not agree to any change in the plot's reservation.Deshmukh had claimed in an affidavit that BEST had never raised objections in six years. Claiming that BEST's right was fully protected and its access over the road passing through the plot was maintained, he had said that there was no loss to the exchequer.But Kshatriya said, \"By stating that the land is required in future, we did not agree to a change of reservation. These comments amount to objections.'' He added, \"BEST did not agree to a change of reservation, it did not agree to FSI being given to anyone else, as it is not legally permissible.'' He said if BEST did not require the land, it would itself have made a request to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089180", "title": "Jhansi boy, Kanpur girl top Gautam Buddh Technical University entrance exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Piyush Jain from Jhansi and Harpreet Singh from Kanpur topped the state entrance examination (SEE) 2012 for Master of Business Administration and Master of Computer Application respectively.While in the girls category, Preety Singh from Agra, and Snehalata Singh from Ghazipur emerged as toppers in MBA and MCA respectively. The results for the online entrance examination were declared by Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) on Thursday.Expressing happiness, the toppers unanimously praised the online mode of SEE and attributed it to their success. Piyush who finished his exam half an hour before the scheduled time said, \"The online mode helped me finish exam early. Clicking on computer is easier than circling in the OMR sheet which at least wastes 15 minutes of time.\" Piyush who has finished his engineering from Ghaziabad now wants to specialise in finance. \"Finance is the most sought after specialisation in MBA. There are better job prospects and a handsome salary in this field,\" said Piyush.With similar views, Ankit Gupta, who finished Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) from Ghaziabad said, \"It was comfortable appearing for the online exam than the offline one. The best part was that there was no disturbance in the time limit given to us. In offline mode, there are chances of time wastage.\" However, Ankit wants to go into marketing, as he likes interacting with people from different fields.MBA girls' topper Preety Singh for whom SEE result was a surprise said, \"The online mode is far better than the offline. It gave us flexibility of date and time, which is absent in offline exam. Also, unlike the pen and paper mode, one can go back to any question any number of times in online.\" For her, MBA in finance or human resource is an ideal thing as it involves only sedentary work.Endorsing the same views, Ritu Singh who wants to specialise in HR said, \"I think the credit for success goes to the online exam. It was time saving and easy off to answer.\"Sarita said, \"At a time when the world is going hi-tech, appearing in online exams is the best thing. It helps in improving speed and helps you to be confident,\" said Sarita. The male topper for MCA was Harpreet Singh and Sudhanshu Chaubey stood at second position.GBTU conducted SEE 2012 on April 21 and 28. For the first time, the online exam for MBA, MCA was held at 36 examination centres in 16 cities. As per SEE coordinator, Prof VK Singh, in MBA, a total of 14,067 candidates had registered, out of which 10,919 appeared and 10,663 qualified. The total seats for MBA are 32,228. In MCA; 8,300 candidates registered, 7,177 appeared for the test and 5,552 qualified. The university has a total of 8,751 seats. For MBA, in the OBC category, a total of 3,338 candidates took the exam and 3,227 qualified, while as many as 1452 candidates belonging to SC category qualified the exam against 1,497.In MCA, a total of 1,975 candidates belonging to OBC category qualified the exam and 446 candidates from SC category were successful. SEE deputy coordinator Manish Gaur and GBTU registrar US Tomer expressed happiness on the success of the online test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13093006", "title": "US will go after al-Qaida wherever they are: Leon Panetta", "text": "WASHINGTON: Following a failed attempt by al-Qaida to attack a US-bound plane, defense secretary Leon Panetta has said the United States would go after the terror group \"wherever they are and wherever they try to hide in this world.\"\"As I've said time and time again, that we will go after al-Qaida wherever they are and wherever they try to hide. And one of the places that they clearly are located is Yemen,\" Panetta told reporters at a Pentagon news conference on Thursday.\"The United States' both military and intelligence communities have gone after al-Qaida, and we continue to go after al-Qaida,\" he said in response to a question when asked about recent threats that emanated from Yemen.On May 8, an attempt by al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula to blow up a US-bound passenger plane was foiled. An explosive device bearing the hallmarks of the 2009 underwear bomb was seized.\"The recent threat that concerned all Americans about the possibility of another effort to take down an American airliner has come out of Yemen. It's for that reason that we will continue to take all of the steps necessary to try to go after those who would threaten our country and threaten the safety of American people,\" Panetta said.\"We have operations there. The Yemenese have actually been very cooperative in the operations that we have conducted there. We will continue to work with them to go after the enemies that threaten the United States,\" he told reporters.Panetta however ruled out using US ground forces in Yemen. \"There's no consideration of that. Our operations now are directed with the Yemenese going after al-Qaida,\" he said.The defense secretary said America's efforts in Yemen have been directed at the leadership of al-Qaida and those that have been involved in trying to plan attacks on the United States.\"With regards to our efforts and our operations, we have been very successful at going after the leadership and those that are directly involved with regards to trying to make those kinds of plans. And I think the fact that we continue to be successful with regards to these kinds of threats is an indication of the effectiveness of the operations that we have there,\" he said.The al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP), he said, does represent a threat in Yemen, and the Yemenis are the ones who are trying to make efforts to reduce their influence as well.\"But they are a threat. No one in any way underestimates the fact that all of them represent a concern for the United States in terms of our national security. But I do believe that we are making effective progress at going after those specific targets that represent real threats to the United States,\" Panetta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093002", "title": "On the origins of Mother\u2019s Day", "text": "A short concise history of how Mother's day was conceived.One cannot deny that it is a wonderful day to honour and pay gratitude to one's mother. After all, this special woman has been instrumental in making you the woman or man you grow up to be. And while we may neglect their importance in our lives, this day promises to provide your mom with all the love that she has given you. Perhaps this is the reason Mother's day is celebrated all over the world. Though the day is celebrated to pay gratitude to one's mom, there is a history behind it which can be traced back to medieval England.Though the day came into being on May 10th 1908 by an American, Anna Jarvis , Mother's day can be traced to medieval times when children from poor families often worked as domestic servants and lived in their master's houses. In the middle of Lent, these children were given a day off to visit the \"Mother Church\" and pray to Virgin Mary . This was usually on the fourth Sunday of the month, and was named as \"Mothering Sunday\". After paying tribute to their spiritual mother, children would visit their mothers and present them with flowers. Girls would bake a special \"Mothering Cake\" or a simnel cake. The tradition of baking a simnel cake still continues in England to this day.(Compiled by Rushali Pawar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089101", "title": "Unemployment dole: Only 10th pass to benefit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government has fixed class 10 as the minimum qualification for the unemployment allowance. The framework for the implementation of the much publicised scheme was finalised on Thursday which has clarified that only those between 30 and 40 years of age would be eligible for the dole. The rulebook of the scheme would be placed for formal approval before the state cabinet on Friday.It may be noted that when unemployment allowance was rolled out during the previous Mulayam government, the age of eligibility was 21 years to 40 years. A section of ministers reportedly wanted the same band this time too. However, financial constraints stopped the government from doing so.Minister for labour affairs, Vaqar Ahmed Shah, said that close to ten lakh unemployed will be able to benefit from the scheme. The government will spend over Rs 1,200 crore per annum.This will add up to Rs 6,000 crore over five years. Sources said that the allowance would be given on a quarterly basis. The rulebook has been prepared after at least 15-20 departmental and inter-departmental brain-storming sessions.The Samajwadi Party had promised the unemployment allowance in its election manifesto. So, when the party stormed into power, there was a huge rush at employment exchanges across the state for registration. The government therefore reduced the age band to 30 to 40 years.Sources said that the rule book is quite elaborate on the economic criteria. \"The applicant should be a native of UP who is living in the state. His family income should not exceed Rs 36,000 per annum and have an account in a nationalised bank,\" said an officer. They added that all applicants will be told to submit an affidavit stating that they are not employed anywhere.\"The affidavit will be taken along with proof of age, qualification and domicile during the course of completing formalities after the rule book is notified and a government order is issued,\" sources said. The documents collected will be verified later on. In case, the testimonials are found to be false, the candidate would be black-listed and the amount given as allowance will be recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088785", "title": "Rescued child labourers show others the way", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirteen-year-old Divya (name changed), is an activist of sorts even at this tender age. Education is a fundamental right of every child and anyone violating it can be punished, she says.Fighting against child labour prevalent in many states in the country, this teenager has not just managed to change her own life but also ensured that 15 others in her village receive education rather than being employed with factories and mines.\"I was three years old when my family and I were rescued from a stone quarrying site in Haryana. Since generations of my family were employed as bonded labourers, I too as a kid joined my parents at work,\" said Divya, a native of Rajasthan.\"After being rescued my family was offered bananas. We ate them with the peel, as it was the first time we were having the fruit. Members of the NGO taught us how to eat them,\" she said.Speaking at Gandhi Peace Foundation on Thursday, where 150 children rescued from 13 states had converged demanding a ban on child labour, Divya narrated her life of drudgery. As part of Child Labour Free India campaign launched by the NGO - Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (BBA) - these children held a Baal Maha Panchayat, discussing their past and demanding an amendment to the existing Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986.Reena (name changed) was rescued from a mica mining site when she was five-year-old. Buoyed by her rescue and that of two other girls, she decided to help children her age in neighbouring villages.\"Many people did not allow their kids to go to school. We convinced them of the benefits of education and now many children are studying,\" said a beaming Reena.The campaign that started on May 1 will continue till June 12 - which is the World Day Against Child Labour. The NGO said their campaign had three objectives.\"Amendment of law for complete elimination of child labour, making child labour a non-bailable offence and appointment of trained teachers throughout the country are our goals,\" said Kailash Satyarthi, founder of BBA.Terming the present child labour law 'obsolete', Satyarthi said the law stands in conflict with Right to Education Act and Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act.\"There is an immediate need to amend the law, as it covers only 15%-20% of the various forms of child labour,\" he said.He said the children have also prepared a memorandum of their demands, which would be submitted to the Union labour minister Mallika Arjun Kharge on Friday.Unable to forget the harsh treatment meted out to her by her employers, Divya wants to be a police officer and stop child labour in all its forms.\"My employer had once burnt my hands for refusing to work. No child should be forced into labour and anyone doing so should be punished,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13090116", "title": "Narcotics in parcels shake railways", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There seems no end to drug peddling in the state. Narcotics are being smuggled-in from Nepal, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu &amp; Kashmir as railway parcels, registered in the names of bogus receivers and senders.This fact was confirmed when the Government Railway Police (GRP) came across six packets of narcotics lying unclaimed in a railway godown, a week after they were sent from Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh. The packets were registered in the name of Kamaljeet from Mandsaur. Additional director general of the railway police Rajpal Meena said the GRP has now become strongly suspicious that new smuggling routes are being explored.The railway police has planned to send a team to Mandsaur that would try finding out how the packet was booked for transportation, and if any identity proof of the sender exists. Police fear that troublemakers might send explosives in such a manner. Meena earlier hogged limelight when he attached properties of smugglers as anti-narcotics inspector general of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13086665", "title": "Network Systems and Technologies Pvt Ltd plans initial public offering in 2014", "text": "KOCHI: The technologies division of Network Systems and Technologies Pvt Ltd (NeST) Group, based in Kochi, is planning a initial public offering (IPO) in the second half of calendar year 2014, said K B Gopalakrishnan, chief financial officer of SFO Technologies, a group company of NeST.The chill that has been hanging over the IPO market had forced the group to postpone its original plan for an IPO in fiscal 2010. \"We wanted to hold the IPO during 2009-2010, but the period was bad for the global economy. Hence, due to market volatility, we postponed it to 2014,\" Gopalakrishnan said.\"Our dream is to become a $1-billion company by 2015, but we won't be able to reach that level with only organic growth. We have plans for inorganic growth through the acquisition of companies in the US and Europe,\" Gopalakrishnan said.NeST had acquired two Swedish companies-Northlight Optronics and Swedice- a few years ago. Those were technological acquisitions made not to supplement growth but to acquire domain expertise in optoelectronics. However, due to the economic downturn in the Europe, the company has opted for a wait and watch approach on further acquisitions there. \"North America is more promising. Compared to Europe, the US is a bigger market for us and its economy is showing signs of recovery,\" Gopalakrishnan said.The NeST Group, founded by Javad K Hassan, based in the US, and N Jehangir, based in Kochi, comprises two technology companies: SFO Technologies and NeST, with combined turnover of Rs 800 crore in fiscal 2012.Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram-based NesT is focused on developing engineering software and produces middleware and firmware. The first is a software which helps network between different types of databases, operating systems and networks , while the second is software programmed on hardware.The company has 1,200 engineers currently working in Technopark, and posted revenues of Rs 200 crore in fiscal 2012.SFO Technologies, based in the Cochin Special Economic Zone (CSEZ), produces multi-layer printed circuit board (PCB) assemblies, wire harnessing and sophisticated box building. The company had revenues of Rs 600 crore in fiscal 2012. The company runs the JKH Technology Centre in CSEZ which has 100 engineers dedicated to research and development of products in communication, healthcare and transportation.Apart from the technology companies, NeST Group also has a presence in seasonings and flavourings, packaged water, rice and the spices trade. Combined revenues from the non-technology operations of the group were Rs 150 crore in fiscal 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092047", "title": "Nithya Menon to shoot in Kochi", "text": "The last leg of the shoot of Mollywood director Anwar Rasheed's movie, Usthad Hotel, will be held in Kochi.Nithya Menon, who is busy with the shoot of director Srinivas Raga's Telugu movie, Okkadine, will fly down from Hyderabad for the one-day shoot on May 13 and will flew back the very next day, says a source.In Usthad Hotel and Okkadine, Nithya has pivotal roles to play, says the source. Usthad Hotel is an emotional entertainer and is based on the relationship between a grandfather and his grandson. Actors Dulquer Salmaan and Thilakan too play important roles in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091963", "title": "Spider Man comes to India first", "text": "For Spiderman fans in India, who weren't too happy with their superhero being left out of the Avengers party, here's some good news.Before the world gets to see The Amazing Spider-Man on July 3, 2012, the film will hit the Indian theatres on June 29. Thanks to Ajay Devgn. Since the makers wanted an uninterrupted run of a few days before Devgn's Bol Bachchan hits the screen, they decided to push ahead the release of their superhero flick.When contacted, the spokesperson of Sony Pictures India confirmed the story and said, \"29th June is a Friday and that works better for us. Also, it is better for audiences and exhibitors to focus on one big movie at a time. Bol Bachchan is also one of the reasons to reschedule the release.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087656", "title": "8 held for pocketing Rs 2.6 crore ATM cash in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eight employees of CMS Security agency were arrested on Thursday for siphoning off a whopping sum of Rs 2.6 crore that was to be loaded in automated teller machines (ATMs) of various banks. The security service employees carried out the fraud over a period of 18 months.Central Crime Station (CCS) police said eight persons - Shiva Kumar, Sridhar Goud, Srinivasulu, Sai Kumar, Srikanth, Vara Prasad, A Srinu and Murali Mohan - were arrested, while four other employees, Lalith Kumar, Naresh Kumar, Mohan Babu and Sinu, were absconding.The issue came to light during a surprise audit by CMS at select ATMs recently.The employees conspired together and did not load the entire cash given to them in the ATMs. \"If the CMS gave them Rs 30 lakh, they used to load Rs 20 lakh and retain the rest. But in the ATMs, they used to feed that Rs 30 lakh was deposited. The system cannot electronically tally the amount deposited with the figures fed to it by the depositor,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), CCS, P Ramakrishna said.Usually, auditing is done by CMS authorities once a month and these employees (route custodians) used to have prior information about it. On every route, there are two custodians (the person who is in charge of depositing the cash) managing up to 20 ATM centres. Once the bankers give the money to the security agency, it is their responsibility to safeguard the money besides maintaining the ATM centre.\"During auditing, the custodians used to fraudulently adjust the money in that particular ATM by making sure that the tally is matched. The fraud was going on for one-and-half years, but during a recent surprise audit, the CMS management came to know about the scam. They approached us and based on their complaint the culprits were arrested,\" he said.CMS has tied up with Andhra Bank , Axis Bank , ING Vysya and SBI . A similar fraud took place in the SR Nagar police station limits in March where Rs 35 lakh was swindled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089799", "title": "Trinamool to get office space in Lutyens\u2019 Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA is trying hard to appease it key ally Trinamool Congress ahead of crucial presidential polls with the government saying the party will be given a plot of its choice for a new party office in Delhi's elite Lutyens' zone.As of now, the TMC office in the capital is housed in a South Avenue bungalow.Urban development minister Kamal Nath said Trinamool Congress was entitled to get office space and the government has already allotted office space to the party.\"It was allotted last year. And there was a question of change in location. Now, I have asked them to find which plot they want. We will give it. They are entitled to it,\" the minister told reporters outside Parliament House.Congress, BJP, Samajwadi Party, NCP, BSP and JD(U) are among the major political parties that have their offices in Lutyens' Delhi.Asked about reports that BSP chief and Rajya Sabha MP Mayawati was allotted four bungalows in Delhi, Nath said as the president of the party and as an MP, she as well as her party had got the houses. \"She has combined the two small houses to get one, because there was no big house,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087256", "title": "Police nab dacoits who looted brother of MLA", "text": "NASHIK: The local crime branch of the rural police has arrested five people for the dacoity on the farmhouse of a sitting MLA's brother.The dacoity in Baglan tehsil of Nashik district, around 100kms from Nashik city, took place in the farmhouse of Sayaji Borse, brother of BJP MLA from Jaikheda, Umaji Borse. Armed dacoits threatened to kill Borse's eight-year-old son with a revolver and robbed both Borse and his wife of gold worth Rs 20 lakh and Rs 12,000 cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093888", "title": "Farhan Akhtar to co-produce with Aamir Khan", "text": "Actor Farhan Akhtar was in the capital recently and the actor spoke to us about acting, directing and where his interests lie.When asked what projects he would be working on, Farhan replied, \"There is Reema Kagti's film, \" Talaash\", which is with Aamir, Kareena and Rani that we're producing. Now we're just finalizing projects that we want to do next year so between me and Ritesh (Sidhwani) at Excel, that's what we're doing- short listing directors and scripts that we'd like to work on.\"The multi-talented actor cum director cum singer says his focus does not lie on one thing alone, it lies in a lot of different areas but they all come under one primary subject line- films. \"My focus lies in film in general so what I am producing, going to act in or direct- all my interests are covered under one blanket,\" says Farhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13088866", "title": "M Natarajan to be out on bail by Friday", "text": "TRICHY: M Natarajan, husband of Sasikalaa, who is lodged in Trichy central prison in connection with six different cases, will walk out to freedom on Friday after being in prison for about three months.Justice Satyanarayana at the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday granted him bail in the fourth and fifth cases registered against him: case number 89/2012 of March 22 registered at Thanjavur medical college police station in which he was accused of demolishing the house of one Saguntala, and case number 8/2012 filed by Amala Pushpam Mary, an UAE citizen, that related to a land grab. Natarajan had already been granted bail in four other cases.Natarajan's lawyer Malarvizhi told TOI that the defence would most probably get the bail order copy on Friday morning and it would be delivered to the police stations concerned. The bail order would be executed by evening and Natarajan would walk out of Trichy jail on Friday afternoon, he said.Natarajan was first arrested on February 18 from his Besant Nagar residence in Thanjavur on the complaint of S Ramalingam of Vilar village near Thanjavur of his 15,000 sq ft cashew nut property being encroached to convert into a memorial. Natarajan's men were accused of putting up a shed on the disputed land and allegedly intimating the complainant to sell the land.The second case was filed by Varadarajan of Trichy over a land deal worth Rs 1.6 crore. Natarajan was implicated in the third case on March 7, on the complaint of one Vincent Albert from Rajarajan Nagar in Thanjavur. Albert claimed that Natarajan and his relatives usurped a 3,500 sq ft restaurant forcefully from him. In the sixth case, a retired BDO P Rangarajan accused Natarajan of usurping 22 cents of his prime land at Boothalur panchayat.sThe six complainants of M Natarajan1. Ramalingam of Vilar village in Thanjavur (land grab)2. Varadarajan of Trichy (Rs 1.6 crore cheating)3. Vincent Albert (forceful usurping his Rs 1.25 crore worth land.4. Saguntala of Thanjavur (house demolition)5. Amala Pushpam Mary of Vilar village (land grabbing)6. P Rangarajan, a retired BDO (usurping of 22 cents of land at Boothalur panchayat)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "13091292", "title": "They have pledged to make a difference", "text": "Basant Avenue: A S Mahit, Colonel (retired) P P S Grewal, P L Sharma, Subhash Ved and Ravinder Singh - all residents of Basant Avenue - believe in making a difference in the lives of fellow city residents. But instead of waiting for someone else to act up, this group of five has joined hands to open a homeopathic dispensary that provides free medicine to the poor. Not just this, the group has also taken over charge of ensuring security in the locality.Mahit, who has retired from Small Industries Service Institute, said the five had initiated the work six years ago. \"The five of us are like-minded people who wanted to do something for the welfare of society. So we formed a committee called Basant Avenue Citizen Association and decided to open a dispensary. When we began work just the five of us were involved, now around 35 more residents of the area are supporting us. There was no support from government or any other organization so we raised funds by collecting it from area residents and also from our own resources,'' he said.The group has also appointed security guards to curb crime in the area. While Mahit, Colonel Grewal and Sharma have retired, Ved and Singh are businessmen. Before starting work, the five brainstormed to figure out their plan of action.Mahit shared that they pooled in money and bought land for the dispensary and then constructed a building. \"Now it has a doctor and even a laboratory to conduct basic tests,'' he added.P L Sharma, who retired from State Bank of India and is one of the members of the group, said after retirement they wanted to make good use of their free time.\"We invested our time in thinking about ways to serve society and instead of waiting for help from government, we took the initiative to trigger change.'' Sharma added that among other things they also organize medical camps in the area twice a year.Talking about why the committee took over providing security in the area, Ved said, \"Security guards had been appointed in the area earlier too but they were not doing their job faithfully because of which cases of theft were on the rise and residents were living in fear. Now we have engaged other security guards. We also want to do something to give residents relief from the bumpy roads and filth in the area but are unable to go ahead because of paucity of funds.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088051", "title": "Jaipur boy gets innovator award for circular chess", "text": "JAIPUR: A nine-year-old wheelchair-ridden boy, who became the youngest patent holder in the country for his invention of six-player circular chess, was honoured with Child Innovator Award by a Pune-based charitable trust here on Thursday.The award and a cheque of Rs one lakh was presented to Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati, a class-IV student of Delhi Public School, by Sri Balaji society president A Balasubramanian at a function attended by the PWD minister Bharat Singh.Despite suffering from duchenne muscular dystrophy, a progressive degenerative disorder of muscle tissue which affects only males, Hridayeshwar has set an exemplary example by getting a patent for his invention of six-player circular chess.He developed a version of circular chess for two, three, four and six players and got patent for the same in March, thus becoming the youngest patent holder in the country and the world's youngest differently-abled person to have patent, his father S S Bhati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094219", "title": "'I'm very happy with life', says Juggy D", "text": "Juggy D, welcome! Thanks for having me and for your kind words!How do you see yourself right now, at this point in your career? Right now, I'd say I'm very happy with life in general. I'm content and, most of all, enjoying what I do, as always; putting out music and performing around the world. \"Okhe Pound is about the hard truth of coming from a foreign country...\"Your new single Okhe Pound (featuring The Truth) is out now. It's striking because, usually, the immigrant experience expressed in Bhangra is of missing the homeland or encountering a new culture, and your single is grittier than that. How would you describe Okhe Pound? Okhe Pound is about the hard truth of coming from a foreign country, whether it be India, Pakistan or anywhere else. It covers real life situations: choosing to leave a decent life behind to find a better life abroad and then realising that the streets aren't paved with gold and that you have to go out to work on building sites or take any kind of work to survive. You have to fend and cook for yourself and just about make ends meet, let alone send money back home to your family.How did Okhe Pound come about? Was it inspired by anything in particular? Were you aiming to do something different? It was about being different, really. I met Gurjeet Singh, the guy who wrote this track, and he showed me a few songs. But Okhe Pound really stood out purely because no one had done a track like this. The lyrical content was so true to what is happening now that I just had to do it. \"It was an amazing feeling being part of a team that raised the bar...\"Speaking of different, you've always been a stand-out star. You're the first British-Asian Punjabi singer who was uber-cool and, while having cross-generational appeal, connected especially with the youth. What was that experience like, to be a game-changer in that way? It was an amazing feeling being part of a team that raised the bar and opened new doors. We, the Rishi Rich Project, were a young dynamic and did things that not many Asian artists get to do and still haven't done. For example, having the first Punjabi album in the national charts; being on Top Of The Pops and CD:UK; performing at MTV Lick parties with Trevor Nelson, the MTV Awards in India, with Westlife and in Ibiza with Steve Sutherland - and the list goes on. For any artist, being part of that would make you feel on top of the world!Looking at your accomplishments with regards to the mainstream (entering the national charts, featuring on remixes for Britney and Timbaland , performing at the MOBOs), did it feel like, \"Finally, some change is in motion\"? Of course. And we've all still been working really hard to keep trying to change things. Jay has done amazingly well in the US. Rishi is signed to the same management as Timbaland. And I'm moving to Mumbai and I've and got a couple of big US collaborations coming out as well as my long overdue album.How would you say that type of change and visibility is important for British-Asians? I guess you've got to do things out of the box, not be afraid to take risks and keep people talking about you. This helps when people find British-Asians behind major projects.Twitter and Facebook were abuzz a few months ago upon hearing about a Rishi Rich Project reunion! What are the plans for the upcoming collaboration between yourself, Jay Sean and Rishi Rich? We often talk about doing a track together again and maybe even a World Tour. But we've all got so much on at the moment. So, we just have to wait 'til the time is right for us all.Who have you collaborated with on your upcoming album Punjabi Rockstar? Which producers have you worked with? I've collaborated with The Truth on my latest single Okhe Pound, and with Miss Pooja on a track called Sohniyeh, produced by Bee2 and Taj-E. And I've worked with Mentor, Rishi, Tigerstyle and V-Double-E.Where would you say you are now, musically? What will we get from Punjabi Rockstar as Juggy D's second album? I've matured a lot since the last album in 2004 and now take lyrical content into major consideration with certain tracks so that they are deep and meaningful. There's a variety of tracks, from dancefloor, love, sad, mid-tempo and very Desi. So, there's something for every mood.Do you have a release date in mind? The album is out later this year, hopefully by the end of October!The album is called Punjabi Rockstar, you live life to the max, and you recently stage-dived with H-Dhami! So, to close on, what's been the most 'Rockstar' moment of your career thus far? I guess it's got to be in India a few months ago, when I performed at an outdoor pool party. I was dared to jump into the pool fully-clothed in the middle of my set. Did I do it? Of course I did! And it was proper Rockstar! [Laughs]Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091326", "title": "Teacher crushed to death by truck", "text": "VARANASI: A Fine Arts teacher at a city college was crushed to death by a speeding truck near Murdaha-Aura Turning under Cholapur police station on Thursday morning.The victim has been identified as Moolchand Patel, 60, a native of Kathvatia village under Shivpur police station.On Thursday, Patel was heading towards his college on his bicycle, when a speeding truck crushed him near Murdaha-Aura. He died on the spot, while the truck driver fled from the scene. The police have sent the body for post-mortem.Woman dies: Sadhna Prajapati, a native of Bhadsa village under Kasimabad police station in Ghazipur, was found dead in mysterious circumstances at her residence on Wednesday morning.According to reports, Sadhna was married to Shyam Narain Prajapati of Bhadsa village in May 2011. In April 2012, Sadhna had come to the place of her husband. On Wednesday, Sadhna's father, Mahendra, along with his father-in-law and two sons, visited her residence. But, Shyam did not allow Sadhna to meet her father.Later, around midnight, Shyam visited the place where Mahendra was sleeping and informed him that she had committed suicide by consuming poison. He claimed that she had also poisoned him.But, when Mahendra saw the victim's body, he noticed mark of injuries on throat that hinted that she was strangulated.Later, Mahendra lodged a dowry killing case with the police. The police were investigating the matter after sending the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "barabanki", "code": "13089185", "title": "First 2 MW solar power plant of Uttar Pradesh switched on", "text": "BARABANKI: The state got its first megawatt-capacity solar power plant operational on Thursday. Situated in village Sandauli of Barabanki, the 2 MW project was inaugurated by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Speaking on the occasion, the CM said that the state government would promote the non-conventional source of energy. \"The state budget will have provisions that will cater to the sector in all possible ways,\" said Akhilesh.The power sector, the CM said, continues to face a crunch, despite all claims. \"We still have villages which were though electrified long back, but never got power,\" he said. The installation of a solar power plant marks a new beginning for the state, he added.Developed by a private company, the plant spreads over an area of around 17 acre. The cost of the plant is estimated to be around Rs 35 crore. Given the high production cost, the plant would get subsidies from the Central government.According to sources in UP Power Corporation Limited, in most cases, the production cost at a solar plant ranges around Rs 12 per unit, while the corporation purchases power at the rate of around Rs 5 per unit. \"The brighter the Sun, more the power production,\" said Vishnu Agarwal, chairman of the company that has set up the Barabanki based project.The plant will supply power to the state grid under a 25 years power purchase agreement (PPA) signed with Madhyanchal distribution company of the UPPCL.UP, as a matter of fact, is blessed with a good solar irradiation to the tune of 1,800 kilowatt-hour per sqm on an annual average basis. This is necessary for operating a solar photovoltaic power plant.Vishnu Agarwal said that the successful commissioning and operation of the project would encourage other developers, policy-makers and power utilities to look at UP's solar resource as a possible answer to the state's energy crisis.To note, under the State Electricity Act, 2003, the various state-level electricity regulators have specified a renewable purchase obligation. Accordingly, a set percentage of power must come from renewable sources. In case of UP it has to be 5 per cent, of which 0.5 per cent has to be from solar energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088816", "title": "Sri Lankan pilgrim goes missing from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 66-year-old Sri Lankan man, in the country on a pilgrimage, went missing from Purasawalkam on Wednesday.Police said Angapuli Udenis Jayalath had come here with 19 other Lankan pilgrims. The group arrived at Chennai airport early on Wednesday. \"They were staying at a lodge in Purasaiwalkam,\" said Vepery inspector P D Palanivel. \"Jayalath left the lodge at 7am on Wednesday. He told the group that he was going to buy betel leaves .\" When he did not return till evening their tour agent lodged a complaint with the Vepery police. The pilgrims left the city for Patna on Thursday.Police said Jayalath, who does not speak Tamil, had taken his cellphone and passport with him. Police tried to call him but his phone was out of reach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087264", "title": "58-year-old robbed of gold chain worth 60k", "text": "NASHIK: A 58-year-old woman was robbed of her gold chain worth Rs 60,000 on Wednesday in the Kathegalli area. According to the police, around 4.30pm, an unidentified person, posing as a cop, approached Vatsala Khode , resident of Anjali Row House, in Kathegali, near Srinath Apartment, in the same area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087600", "title": "Puff, by invitation only", "text": "KOLKATA: Guess what Kolkata's swish set have started looking forward to? Meeting on the terrace of a chic boutique hotel on Ballygunge Circular Road to puff away on their 'havanas' on a Friday every month. Kolkata, through its exclusive and by-invitation-only cigar club, has joined the league of Mumbai, Shanghai and Dubai where similar clubs have been launched.Top bankers, lawyers, corporate honchos, the consular crowd and all the high-fliers of the city who share a passion for cigars have become enthusiastic members of the 'Kolkata Cigar Club' that was launched at the hotel-'Rainey Court Residency'-in end-November last year and will meet Friday next week. And, as Cigar Club founder Daniel Carroll says, since few things scream \"I've arrived\" louder than cigars, a lot many Kolkatans who've tasted success would eventually take to the aspirational cigar and become members of the 'Kolkata Cigar Club'.Carroll, who represents an Australia-headquartered asset management and boutique consultancy company in India, launched the Mumbai Cigar Club in late 2008. \"Three of us cigar lovers just met informally one evening at the Breach Candy Club and decided to form this cigar club. Before the evening was over, we had ten members and a year later, over 300 members. We now have over 700 members,\" Carroll told TOI. He worked tirelessly to launch similar cigar clubs in Dubai and Sanghai earlier last year and is working on getting cigar lovers of New York and Singapore to form such clubs. The 'Kolkata Cigar Club' has well over 100 members and many more are requesting for invitations to join, said 'Rainey Court Residency' owner and 'Kolkata Cigar Club' co-founder Banibroto Banerjee.But the 'cigar club' is not just about smoking and drinking (single malts only, please). While membership is free, all members contribute handsome sums not just to cover the cost of liquor, food and the venue, but also towards a charity. This may sound a tad ironic, but the cigar lovers' donations go to an NGO that works for terminally ill cancer patients. \"Funds from cigar club events are donated towards a project to set up India's first recovery centre for terminally ill patients in Mumbai in partnership with the palliative care unit of Bhakti Vedanta Hospital,\" said Carroll, who has tied up with a group of doctors in the USA and India who specialize in reversing cancer using changes in diet and lifestyle.Cigar Club gatherings, says Carroll, are very informal and relaxed ones and exchanging business cards is a strict taboo. \"That's because these are not business gatherings and though we have a lot many bankers, businessmen, diplomats, expatriates and others, the topics of discussions are definitely not work-related. People come to Cigar Club events to relax and converse on very causal topics,\" says Banerjee. In fact, conversations mostly center around cigars and that eternal debate among cigar aficionados: Cuban versus Dominican Republic cigars. The jury, incidentally, will forever be out on that!While many 'Cigar Club' members carry their own cigars, a wide range of cigars are also sold on the venue by cigar majors and importers. And the Rainey Court Residency terrace is also a very good place to acquire accessories like lighters, tubors (to hold single cigars and made of silver or wood) and humidors (where cigars are stocked). Also available are metal cutters and guests often share tips on the best way to cut a cigar because, as Carroll points out, cutting a cigar correctly (about an eighth of an inch off the head) gives it better tasting smoke.Contrary to popular perception, cigars are not an exclusive male preserve and ladies make for about 20% of cigar club gatherings. As more and more women break through the glass ceiling, the number of cigar lovers also go up, says Carroll, adding that a lady with a cigar exudes the image of power, independence, success and svelte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094341", "title": "'Harsh realities did not stop me,' says Char Avell", "text": "Char, it's wonderful to feature you! Tell us about your background and your journey so far. Music has inspired me from a tender age. Growing up in the heart of East London played a major role in my music and upbringing. The harsh realities that surrounded me constantly and the major setbacks I had in my life, such as being homeless at a certain point and losing my dad at a young age, did not stop me from fulfilling my lifelong passion to become a singer. My family's lack of understanding about my love for music was because it conflicted with their beliefs and certain traditions that I was brought up with. This caused constant bedlam in my household. But, instead of giving it all in for the sake of my family, I took their words as motivation to prove them wrong and to get them on my side.How did you then come to sign to Mumzy? I went to my local supermarket and had my headphones on full blast , bopping my head. I can't remember what song I was listening to, but I remember singing along to it. Little did I know and the next thing I see; Mumzy Stranger and Junai Kaden are watching me! So, we started to talk, and here I am. From being signed to now, how much have you learned under Mumzy's tutelage? I've learned a lot and still am learning from Mumzy Stranger. He is a fantastic all-around music person and a great and humble guy. \"I'm flattered to be compared to Trey Songz .\"Your singing style is very Soulful, and you've already been favourably compared to Trey Songz! What are your thoughts on that? Are you a fan of his? I'm flattered to be compared to Trey Songz. He is a great artist. I listen to lot of his music and a lot of other artists and groups such as 112 and Boys II Men.Tell us about your upcoming material. What kind of sound should we prepare for? My first single is out in November. It's produced by Mumzy Stranger and it features Junai Kaden. It fuses the Punjabi vocals of Junai with my RnB vibe and is a club banger! \"You'll see what I'm about on this tour!\"All three of you will be on the Freshers Tour in October and you'll of course be showcasing your new material there. What can we expect from these shows? Simply; the tour is going to be sick. I can't wait. There is a lot of home-grown talent from the Asian scene performing with us, which is great. I'll be doing my thing and you'll see what I'm about on this tour!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088823", "title": "Feeder buses to link Gurgaon, Faridabad stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Feeder buses will soon be operational between several Metro stations in Gurgaon and Faridabad, connecting them to stations in the capital as well, Delhi Metro has said. The feeder bus service, which has been launched by the Haryana government, will be operational on eight routes, including Badarpur, Tughlaqabad, AIIMS, Kashmere Gate and Huda City Centre.\"Delhi Metro had requested Haryana Roadways to introduce feeder bus services on these routes for the convenience of commuters using the Metro, specially in the satellite towns of Gurgaon and Faridabad. Haryana Roadways has started these services with the help of about 60 buses which will run at a frequency of approximately 15 minutes.\"The new bus routes being launched are from Sikanderpur Metro Station to Rajeev Chowk, Badarpur Metro Station to Ambedkar Chowk, Badarpur Metro Station to Good Year Chowk, Tughlaqabad Metro Station to Ballabhgarh Bus Stand, NIT Bus Stand to AIIMS, Ballabhgarh Bus Stand to ISBT Kashmiri Gate and NIT Bus Stand to ISBT Kashmiri Gate.Delhi Metro is planning to acquire around 300 feeder buses for the Metro network in Delhi as well. The non air-conditioned buses will connect Metro stations and localities in nearby areas. The tender for the non-AC feeder buses was taken out in October last year. The process of procurement of the buses is still on. DMRC officials said that the buses are expected to be put into service over the next few months. The feeder bus service has been one of the weak points of the Delhi Metro network. Complaints about the absence of a good feeder bus service have been frequent with commuters criticizing private bus services and Gramin Sewa vehicles.At present, DMRC operates feeder bus services on 17 routes and other para-transit options like the Gramin Sewa run a parallel service. Private services like RTVs also frequently offer the feeder option, specially in border and rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088488", "title": "Builder wife\u2019s murder: Close relative of ex-cook detained", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigating the murder of Chetana Ajmera (51), wife of developer Jayant Ajmera, the city crime branch on Thursday detained a relative of Ashok Maharaj, who used to work as a cook in the Ajmera family.Chetana's body was found in their flat at Vaishali Apartments in Ghatkopar (E) on Monday. During a probe, the police found that jewellery worth more than a crore of rupees was also missing, and the officials suspect that Ashok might be behind the killing. The Ajmeras sacked Ashok in February following a dispute over salary, but the neighbours told police that they spotted him in the area a day or two days before the murder. A police team has also left for Rajasthan, hunting for Ashok. \"Ashok has switched off his mobile. We have sought his call detail report from mobile service providers, which will give us some leads,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13089524", "title": "Chennai to host 2013 Asian athletics", "text": "CHENNAI: Big-time athletics will be back in India after a gap of 24 years. Chennai will host the 20th edition of the Asian Athletics Championships in 2013. New Delhi had hosted the 1989 Asian meet.Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa told the assembly on Thursday that the Asian Athletics Association and Atheletics Federation of India had approved Chennai as the venue for the games to be held in August 2013 with the cooperation of the state government.She further added that the government would be spending Rs 40 crore to develop the existing infrastructure facilities of the Nehru stadium in Chennai Indian star Shiny Wilson who represented the country in six Asian championships , said that nothing could compare to the feeling of showing one's skills in one's own country .\"First there is the home support. Nothing motivates you like the crowd egging you on . In Delhi the crowd cheered our every move,\" she recalled. \"There is greater encouragement to do well.\"Wilson's teammate Saramma Matthew added that the familiarity of the conditions was also helpful. \"I remember when we used to go to other countries and had to struggle with the food and the weather. In this case , that's not going to be a problem. Traditionally India has always done well in the Asian championships and going by the performance in Commonwealth Games, can expect a good show,\" she said .There was a feeling that Delhi would get the nod for the event, having hosted it in the past as well as having the facilities after the Commonwealth Games.But Walter Devaram, President of the Tamil Nadu Sports Association, knew Chennai would get the nod. \"Chennai was the first and only choice for the AFI and they knew that with the support of the CM, this event will be possible. When it comes to athletics we have a good record as hosts and this time we will do a good job,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088580", "title": "CM scraps \u2018inconsistent\u2019 redevelopment plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has overturned another decision that was taken before he took over in the state. He has revoked the permission granted to a private developer for redevelopment of a 15-hectare land at Sion because it was \"inconsistent\" with state orders.On November 4, 2009, the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) had issued a provisional letter of intent permitting Ackruti City to redevelop 15 hectares of land adjoining 26 hectares of slum land, for which the builder had already obtained the state government's permission for redevelopment under the contentious 3K clause of the Slum Act.The SRA proposed special township status to the amended project involving 41 hectares of land under the integrated and holistic slum rehabilitation strategy incorporated in the state housing policy. This meant that special development control regulations and various incentives along the lines of the Dharavi model would have become applicable to the project. Also, the developer would have been able to tap additional land for its sale component following the new status.In March 2011, Bharatiya Janata Party leader Kirit Somaiya objected to the permissions and largesse extended to the developer, bringing the controversy to the fore.In a setback to the developer, Chavan on May 5 ruled the SRA's decision to incorporate additional land as inconsistent and not in keeping with the government order issued under 3K. Based on the chief minister's directives, the state housing department has directed the SRA to revoke the provisional letter of intent applicable for the 15-hectare portion. The SRA has been asked to submit an action taken report.The move comes as another embarrassment for SRA chief executive officer S S Zende, who is already facing the heat over decisions taken by him in respect to two other 3K redevelopment proposals, which were recently scrapped by the government. Even in those cases, the housing department had found that the circulars issued by Zende were not consistent with related government orders.While claiming that he was unaware of the development, Zende said that his department will abide by the government's directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087204", "title": "Wife suspected of killing hubby, detained by cops", "text": "NASHIK: The Upnagar police have detained a woman named Usha from Pune on charges of murdering her 35-year-old husband on Tuesday.While Usha,detained from Pune, was still being grilled, cops said that they were getting leads into the murder. According to cops, Sanjay Salve was married to two women. While one of his wives, Usha, resided in Takli, the other stayed in the slum near Shingada Talav. On Tuesday, cops found marks on Salve's body, indicating that he was severely beaten up, possibly leading to his death. Usha, who resided with him, had fled from there.Assistant Commissioner of Police Sandip Palve said that while Usha did not confess to the crime, she accused Salve's second wife, Pooja, for sending men to kill Salve. Usha said that she had no relatives in Nashik and hence left for Pune. Salve was not earning anything and was suffering from tuberculosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087536", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Park Street rape case", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police on Thursday submitted the chargesheet in Park Street gangrape case and accused five persons, including three who are behind the bars at present. In the charge sheet submitted before the city metropolitan magistrate court, the probe agency claimed that they have strong evidence that the accused raped the victim on February 5 night in a moving car.The probe agency slapped section 376(2g) IPC against the five - Nishad Khan, Naseer Khan, Sumit Bajaj, Kadir Khan and Mohammad Ali - along with 34 IPC (common intension). While first three were arrested on February 18, the rest are still absconding.In the chargesheet, the probe agency corroborated all the description given by the victim in her complaint lodged at Park Street police station on February 9. According to the chargesheet, the woman was inebriated and she was offered a lift by a group of youths whom she met at the nightclub on Park Street on that night.The agency also mentioned that the accused impersonated five other youths while introducing themselves to the woman. Kolkata Police claimed that they scanned CCTV footages from cameras installed in and outside the night club and they have strong visual evidence that the accused whisked her away in a car. The final report says that the investigating agency seized the car used in the crime and the forensic report also confirmed rape. The earring of the woman was also found in the car, hich belongs to Sumit Bajaj, one of the arrested.In the chargesheet, police even mentioned about the findings of the medical test and claimed that the agency has several witnesses who identified the accused and saw the group pick up the woman. Police also claimed that the statements of the witnesses, including the employees of the nightclub, corroborated the version of the victim and the cops were initially confused as the accused had impersonated some innocent youths.The final report says that several raids were conducted to nab the absconding two and in the agency requested the court to give custody of the duo after their arrest for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13088198", "title": "Orphanage rape: Cops hunt for new suspect", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police were on Thursday on the lookout for a new suspect, Santosh, a cook at \"Suparaana Ka Aangan\", who had allegedly raped a physically challenged 15-year-old orphan girl.The victim was produced in a city court where she recorded her statement under Sec 164 Crpc that cook Santosh had sexually abused and raped her for the past one and a half years. Later in the day, a medical examination of the girl proved her allegations, police confirmed. The girl had told a delegation of NCPCR (National Commission for Protection of Child Rights) that she belongs to Rajasthan and that her brother-in-law had left her in the orphanage and never returned to meet her. For the past one and a half years, Santosh had raped her repeatedly and threatened to kill her if she disclosed it to anyone, the girl had said.\"After this disclosure, the accused cook, Santosh, is at large,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East). On May 4, Suparaana Sethi, owner of the NGO, \"Suparaana Ka Aangan\", was detained and caretaker Rachit alias Raju arrested for raping and molesting several minor girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092363", "title": "No premiere for Ajintha", "text": "Wednesday evening saw high drama unfold at the Cinemax theatre in Andheri West. The occasion being the premiere of art director Nitin Desai's Marathi film Ajintha based on the Ajanta Caves in Aurangabad, which got cancelled just an hour-and-a-half before its scheduled 8pm start.The invitees including Aamir Khan , Vidhu Vinod Chopra , Ashutosh Gowariker, several senior actors from the Marathi film industry, not to mention politicians were forced to beat a retreat from the venue. Mirror has learnt this last-minute cancellation happened because the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) had refused to grant the film certification. A filmmaker on request of anonymity revealed, \"Kaafi jhamela hua. Many people were already on their way to the multiplex. Others who came to know had to stay put at home or reschedule their plans. It was a very awkward situation for Desai, who had sent out elaborate invites to nearly half of B-town.\"While Desai remained unavailable for comment, his spokesperson lamented, \"Bahut nukksaan hua hamara. We had booked the entire multiplex. We have lost nearly Rs 15 lakh.\" Wasn't Desai furious? \"Yes but there was little he could do. He even sent out apologies to the invitees,\" the spokesperson said. Explaining their position, she further said, \"We were expecting to get the censor certificate last week but it didn't happen. The objection stemmed from a protest by the Banjara community. In fact we had a screening on the day of the premiere as well but Sanjiv Kumar Rathod, who represents Mumbai on the Censor panel objected.\"It is learnt Rathod objected to five scenes, later requesting the CBFC and the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to introduce a member of the Banjara community into the panel before clearing certification. He also pointed out that Paro played by Sonali Kulkarni in the film, was in real life exploited, abused and killed, which isn't shown in Ajintha. Reportedly, Rathod also had an issue with the way the Banjara god Saint Sevalal is portrayed in the film, which is not acceptable to the community.Meanwhile, a new panel was asked to review the film on Thursday. And, the film will hit theatres today as the Revising Committee has granted it a U certificate.Said Girish Wankhade, DGM of Cinemax India Ltd , \"We've always promoted Marathi films, and we were looking forward to this mega premiere of Ajintha. However we will have a special screening next week. All said, the film releases on Friday. Whatever happened on Wednesday was extremely unfortunate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089427", "title": "Probe headed the wrong way, allege victims\u2019 kin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after the hit-and-run incident, which claimed lives of a couple in Sector 40, their family members on Thursday alleged that police have not only failed in tracing the car that knocked down the victims' two-wheeler, but investigation is also moving in the wrong direction as it was a white Zen and not a Swift that was involved in the accident.The incident took place around 9.45pm on May 6 and the 9-year-old daughter of the couple -- Ashok Kumar , 40, and Santosh Devi, 35 -- Muskan, survived with injuries. UT police had claimed that a Swift was involved in the accident after looking at some broken parts of a car from the spot.The family members of couple made this claim after procuring CCTV footage from the house of one Dr P N Gupta of Sector 40. The recording shows a speeding Zen car crossed the road soon after the accident. Gupta's house is situated near the accident spot.Ashwani Kumar, brother of deceased Ashok, told TOI, \"Not a single senior police official visited crime spot and made any sincere efforts to trace the killer vehicle.\" He said cops of police station Sector 39 only came to know about the CCTV recording only when he requested them to check the footage.Ashwani claimed, \"As PS-39 SHO Charanjit Singh did not show any interest in the investigation, we have decided to stage a dharna outside police station. Whenever we called up on the SHO cellphone, he said he is in meeting.\" Police sources said, \"After learning about the CCTV recording, a team from PS 39 collected the recording from Gupta's house, but registration plate of Zen car is not clear in the recording.\"When contacted, SHO Charanjit Singh said, \"The recovered broken parts of car are being examined with the help of mechanics and apparently a Zen was involved in the accident.\"Notably, Chandigarh police already has a poor record when it comes to cracking the hit-and-run cases. In some of the cases that cops managed to solve, they lost the opportunity to get accused medically examined for detecting presence of alcohol in their bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088972", "title": "My films don't glamorize criminals: Anurag Kashyap", "text": "PATNA: 'Gangs of Wasseypur', an ambitious project of director Anurag Kashyap, is all set for release on June 22 after being kept on hold for over a year.Kashyap who was in the city on Thursday for the release of 'Jiya ho Bihar ke lala, jiya ho hajaar saal' -- one of the songs of 'Gangs of Wasseypur' -- told TOI that he had to delay the release of the film as he was keen to dedicate it to Bihar. \"While making the movie and shooting the song I always wanted to dedicate it to Bihar and release it during the Bihar centenary celebrations,\" he said, adding that the movie was, in fact, ready for release in March last year.'Bihar goonj', as Kashyap calls the song, is sung by Manoj Tiwari while Sneha Khanwalkar composed its music. \"Music composition of the movie took more than two-and-a-half year,\" Kashyap, who also has films like 'Dev D', 'Black Friday', 'Gulaal' and several others to his credit, said.Made with a budget of Rs 20 crore, this five-hour- twenty-minute film is also Kashyap's most expensive project so far. It would be released in two parts, each of two-hour-forty-minute duration.Born in a small town in Uttar Pradesh, the 'Udaan' producer was attracted to 'Wasseypur' ever since his long-time friend, Zeeshan, who is from Wasseypur, told him about the place that was very similar to Kashyap's native place. \"This forced me to retell and analyze the history of the place and look into the evolution of the coal mafia and explain why they were the way they were,\" Kashyap says.Though the movie is made on the backdrop of Wasseypur, a village located in Jharkhand , its song is dedicated to Bihar. The reason behind this, as Kashyap explains, \"The movie is set in the period when Wesseypur was in undivided Bihar.\"Defending his movie which is based on the coal mafia, Kashyap says: \"Like many Bollywood movies, my film does not support crime or glamorize criminals. It just presents the picture from a human level and describes the real picture of the entire scenario making the viewer himself analyze the real outcome of crime.\"\"I am not born to make dreamy movies. All I can do is to present the reality. I do not make movies to send any message but my treatment makes my viewers think on the subject,\" said the 'Shaitan' director who selects his actors based on their 'hunger' for acting. Not without reason, none of Kashyap's actors are big names in Bollywood.\"I shoot reality-based movies and in actual locations, shooting them with a star is next to impossible,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087649", "title": "Man jumps in front of train in Naroda, dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fed up with daily domestic squabbles, a man ended his life by jumping in front of a train in Naroda. He was identified as Mahendra Panchal, 35. Panchal's mutilated body was found near railway tracks on Thursday.Naroda police also found an eight-page suicide note from his trouser pocket. The suicide letter, said police, was addressed to his wife. Panchal claimed in the letter that he loved his wife but she was unable to understand him. This was the main reason behind the domestic troubles that drove him to suicide.Sardarnagar police registered a complaint of accidental death in this case.Meanwhile, a woman ended her life by consuming acid at her house in Ronak Park of Juhapura. Halimakhatun Firdoshalam Shaikh, 20, was depressed after her husband refused to live separately from his joint family.Vejalpur police said that she wanted to live separately because of frequent disputes in their family. Her husband, however, kept telling her that he would decide once they returned from vacation. She later died during treatment at V S Hospital.In another incident, 25-year-old Himanshu Chakravarti, a resident of Meghaninagar, committed suicide by jumping into Sabarmati river. Ellisbridge police said that they were yet to find out the reason behind his extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087650", "title": "Haj Qurrah decides fate of thousands of pilgrims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Qurrah (drawing of lots) held on Thursday at Haj House finally decided the fate of the 15,328 applicants from the state who wished to perform their Haj duties. The Haj allocation for the state was 5,464 out of which 1,789 pilgrims from Hyderabad district would be flying to Saudi Arabia to perform the pilgrimage.Thousands of anxious applicants from across districts descended to the Haj House and tried to search for their names and cover numbers on the Qurrah list. Some were ecstatic when they found themselves listed, many were left disappointed. An official said that the Haj House witnessed a floating crowd of around 4,000. Flow of traffic was affected briefly. Septuagenarians and friends Ashraf Ali and Syed Qasim couldn't contain their tears of joy. They said they had been saving money for years for the Haj pilgrimage.Hyderabad district recorded the largest number of successful applicants with almost half being selected from reserved categories - 330 from the above 70 years of age (category A) and 471 from fourth time applicant (category B) categories. The quota for category A was 729 while category B stood at 689 seats across all districts of AP. A total of 1,789 pilgrims were chosen from Hyderabad district - followed by 429 from Kurnool, 336 from Rangareddy districts and 262 from Mahbubnagar. Nellore, the only district to receive less than its allocated quota of 154, received only 131 Haj applications. Hyderabad district received the largest number of applications with 7,766 hopefuls applying, followed by Kurnool district with 889, Mahbubnagar with 702 applications and Rangareddy with 699.Haj Committee officials said that applicants who have been selected by means of Qurrah would also be intimated by letters or text messages or phone calls. Abdul Hameed, executive officer, Haj Committee said, \"A reference number will be generated for every pilgrim by the Central Haj Committee who will then inform us. This will take four days. We will dispatch the reference number to every pilgrim via post. All future correspondence between the State Haj Committee and pilgrims will be done by quoting the reference number.\"All pilgrims will have to deposit Rs 51,000 in a bank account as directed by the State Haj Committee and submit the receipts to them on June 11 after which visa endorsement and other formalities would be done, Hameed added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13090956", "title": "Inclusive education", "text": "If education is a fundamental right, then children with special needs also deserve an equal chance at pursuing their academic aspirations, says Jaya MitraIn order to achieve truly inclusive education, we need to think about and incorporate children with special needs into regular schools. Especially, because these kids face some sort of barriers to learning and participation in the classroom. The Right to Education (RTE) must apply to all. Hence, it is important to integrate these children into regular schools to help them socialise and build their confidence. During the transition from primary to secondary schools, it has been observed that 70 per cent of the children struggle with the medium of instruction if it is English though they may not have a problem with the language at home. They have problems expressing themselves hence the discomfiture with language. Teachers have to be made aware of such issues. If the school is committed to taking in children with special needs, then teachers must attend workshops in order to be attuned to the child's needs.Presently, the academic system has few schools that are equipped to cater to this segment. While government schools tend to ignore them, some private schools like Akshar and Heritage have walked the extra mile. These children require special attention and they can be slow learners. So, a teacher who has to deal with many kids in the classroom may not have adequate time to devote to them. It can be immensely helpful if the schools recruit special educators.I remember an incident where a mother of a dyslexic child was asked to withdraw the child because she could not cope up with the regular curriculum. The child later on joined Akshar and is now appearing for her class X board exams under NIOS. Most of the private schools have NIOS affiliation for such students and offer objective type special papers tailored to suit their level of learning until class VIII.Economic divide is inconsequential when it comes to parental support, be it affluent or poor, most of the times the parents are unable to cope with such a child. Parental support is absolutely essential for the education of children with special needs and patience is the key.There should be a special remedial unit in all the schools where these children can go to for support. The schools should provide the necessary infrastructure instead of the parents going hunting for it. According to government reports, only 3 per cent of children with special needs are admitted to regular schools but this needs to change.People should also stop thinking about special schools as being a social stigma for the child. The need for special schools is the same as integrating them into the mainstream and bringing about a change in the mindset. We help them in their learning process. For students who are vision, speech or hearing impaired, special schools are extremely important and not a blot on the student's academic career.These children are examples of the triumph of human endeavour in the face of adversities. For instance, a hearing impaired student pursued a degree in art from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design and is now successfully working as a freelance photographer.(Jaya is senior head of The Oral School for Deaf Children)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088352", "title": "New agreement gives boost to power supply", "text": "NOIDA: There is finally some good news for residents tormented by frequent power outages in Greater Noida. Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution utility of the city, has entered into a power purchase agreement with Essar Energy to buy 240 MW electricity for a period of 25 years.Under this agreement, NPCL would be supplied power from the under-construction 600MW coal-fired Tori-II power plant in Jharkhand from April 2014, which would in turn help meet the spiralling power demand in Greater Noida.The agreement was signed between NPCL and Essar Power Jharkhand Limited, a subsidiary of Essar Energy, in Greater Noida on Thursday. The PPA was signed following a competitive bidding process.\"This is a big development for the power sector in Greater Noida,\" said MD &amp; CEO of NPCL, RC Agarwala. \"Not only would consumers get much-needed relief from power outages, but projections for expected rise in electricity demand in the next few years, given the fact that the city is rapidly burgeoning, would also be adequately met,\" added Agarwala.At present, aggregate power demand in Greater Noida is around 180 MW, but is expected to rise sharply in the next few years due to increasing population.NPCL informed that the 'delivered levelised tariff', at which power would be purchased from Essar, is so far the highest long-term tariff achieved through competitive bidding in India. Power consumers would be at lesser risks of being subjected to higher tariffs over the years, because the unit cost price of electricity for NPCL would remain stable over a 25-year period.At present, NPCL purchases power from Uttar Pradesh Power Company Limited (UPPCL) apart from other power generators in Gujarat, West Bengal and Jammu &amp; Kashmir. \"Given the fact that NPCL would now be buying power from a multiplicity of sources, adequate power supply can be ensured to consumers all through the year,\" added Agarwala.The UP Power Transmission Company is at present working to upgrade the 132-KV substation in RC Greens in Greater Noida to increase its capacity to 220 KV. \"Low transmission capacity at the disposal of NPCL, which has been the major bottleneck in ensuring unhindered power supply, would be mitigated once this upgradation work is completed in the next few months. This coupled with adequate power at our disposal would ensure 24X7 electricity supply in Greater Noida,\" added Agarwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087552", "title": "CM\u2019s office dragged into Polavaram mess", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Jagruthi president Kavitha has urged the Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) to investigate the alleged collusion between the chief minister's office and a consortium of private contractors in the awarding, cancellation and recall of tenders with tailor-made conditions to benefit the latter for executing the Indirasagar Polavaram Project.In a letter to CVC Pradeep Kumar on Thursday, Kavitha said that despite resistance from the locals, the state government had decided to go ahead with the project and had called for tenders twice (in 2005 and 2011), although those were cancelled on both occasions.She said that the first time when tenders were invited, in 2005, the estimated cost of the project was only Rs 1,200 crore. These tenders were pre-closed in 2009 by the government citing various reasons.Setting aside all these facts, the government had re-invited bids in 2011. Although the design was the same, she alleges that, in 2011, the estimated cost had gone up to Rs 4,717 crore.Stating that numerous inter-state cases involving the governments of Chhattisgarh and Orissa were pending in the state high court as well as the Supreme Court, she alleged that the project was yet to receive clearances from any of the Central government wings, like the ministry of environment and forests and the Central Water Commision.Bringing several violations and discrepancies committed during the tendering process to the notice of the CVC, she requested him to conduct a detailed inquiry into the reasons behind the cancellation of tenders and failure on the part of the government to take action against a consortium of contractors who have been reportedly blacklisted.\"The entire process of quirky decision-making by the state government vis-a-vis the Polavaram project is leaving behind several traces, leading us to believe that the chief minister's office and the consortium - M/s SEW-PATEL-AMR - might be hand-in-glove with each other,\" Kavitha said.\"In case of inaction, I would be left with no other option but to knock on the doors of justice in the interest of the people of the state,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13080715", "title": "Fans make fun of Sonakshi's forehead", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha was in news last time for the punchy dialogue from her debut film Dabangg, but now it's her forehead that brings her back in the news.The Sinha is trending on social networking sites today - thanks to her forehead. Sadly, more than being praised, her fans are coming up with some humorous one-liners. And the actress is being as sporty as she can be. She has reacted to all the humour with a simple 'Sonakshi Sinha's forehead is mighty pleased,'reacted Sonakshi without giving much importance to the remarks.Sonakshi has just returned from a mini vacation in Bangkok . Busy shooting for Dabangg 2, the actress is also gearing up for promotions of her forthcoming film, Rowdy Rathore.It can be recalled that before this fans made fun of Angelina Jole's thigh at the Golden Globes award function. Saurav Ganguly's fans made fun on his butt recently.Below, some of the comments made on Sonakshi's forehead.'Only Nargis Fakhri can kiss Sonakshi Sinha's forehead completely''Sonakshi Sinha's bindi! After use, she stuck it up in the sky!''Sonakshi Sinha's forehead is sexier than the combo of both Nargis Fakhri &amp; Angelina Jolie's lips.''Sinha's forehead is bigger than VidyaBalan's paunch in DirtyPicture''IMAX 3D have opened new theatre to showcase their 3D movies... it's Sonakshi Sinha's forehead.''Mahabharat was fought over Sonakshi's forehead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13089813", "title": "Release me or let me die: Undertrial \u2018Maoist\u2019 to court", "text": "KOLKATA: An undertrial dubbed as a Maoist and charged with sedition wrote a letter from Kolkata's Alipore jail to a magistrate pleading that he be allowed to die.Siddhartha Mandal, 34, was arrested on June 28, 2010.\"One needs money for lawyers. As long as I am alive, my family will do whatever they can to seek my release. They will sell everything they have and starve for me. How can I let this happen?\" Mandal wrote. \"He wrote a letter to the magistrate saying he is innocent. He requested that he be released or be allowed to die,\" said C R Gorai, jail superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088134", "title": "Couple arrested for killing scrap pickers", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old man and his wife were arrested for alleged involvement in the murder of a couple eking out a livelihood by collecting scrap material on Hosa Road in Peratena Agrahara, off Hosur Road.Initial theories pointed to the February murders being the work of a mysterious 'stoneman'. They were seen to be similar to 27 murders of destitutes.But investigations revealed that the murder was committed by the couple's close acquaintance, V Shiva, 32, a native of Kodagu, with help from his wife Bhagyamma, 28.The victims, Chamaraja, 40, and wife Govindamma, 36, were found dead in the verandah of the scrap shop owned by Kadiriyappan. Their bodies were found at 1.30am on February 17, with their heads crushed with boulders.Kadiriyappan, staying in the same premises, heard a commotion and came out to find a dark-looking man standing next to the sleeping couple. The man ran away from the spot. Kadiriyappan found Chamaraja and Govindamma lying in a pool of blood. Both were rushed to Nimhans where Chamaraja was declared dead and Bhagyamma succumbed to injuries eight days later.Assistant commissioner of police (Madivala) H Subbanna said Shiva suspected that his wife was having an illicit affair with Chamaraja and therefore killed both the husband and wife. His wife, Bhagyamma, helped him in executing the murders, keen as she was to prove she was with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088864", "title": "Government lowers bar for illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on next year's assembly elections, the government has cleared a proposal to relax the guidelines laid down in 2008 for regularization of 1,639 colonies. Realizing that a large number of houses will be left out if the current stringent regulations are followed, it has decided not to use the city's 2002 aerial survey as the basis for regularization. Instead, the proposal cleared by the Delhi cabinet talks of using aerial survey maps of 2007 to fix boundaries and regularize all constructions shown in the layout plans submitted by the resident welfare associations in 2008.The proposal has been sent to the ministry of urban development for formal approval. Boundaries of as many as 1,018 colonies will be fixed using the 2007 survey. To woo the voters, the government proposes to provide facilities available in regularized colonies after boundary fixation itself. However, formal regularization is possible only after the three new municipal corporations clear the layout plans. Since BJP is in the saddle in all three, the Congress is jittery that it may not be able to push for an early clearance.The Cabinet decision to amend the guidelines follows a meeting last week between Delhi's urban development minister AK Walia and Union urban development minister Kamal Nath. Nath has already given an in-principle approval.It has taken the government four years to realize that the boundary fixation norms appear unrealistic. When the state urban development department got down to fixing the boundaries of the 1,018 colonies where all clearances had been received, it found that if the 2002 aerial photographs were made the basis of boundary fixation, dense pockets of the colonies would be left out. So far, aerial maps of about 580 colonies have been acquired from the Survey of India.The proposal that seeks fixation of boundaries based on aerial survey photographs of 2007 cites the fact that applications from the RWAs in response to regulations dated March 24, 2008 were received between November 2007 and April 2008. As a result, large portions of the area covered by the layout plans submitted by the RWAs would be left out if boundaries were fixed as per the 2002 aerial photographs. Moreover, in 2002 there was no defined boundary of the colonies and the guidelines too don't lay down a definition.After its debacle in the municipal polls, Congress needs to win the 2013 assembly polls. The promise of regularization was made to more than 40 lakh residents of these colonies before the 2008 assembly polls. To deliver on the dream of an authorized legal home, provisional regularisation certificates (PRCs) were handed out by Congress chief Sonia Gandhi at a public function. More than 1,200 colonies were given PRCs.Instead of regularization becoming a reality, late last year the entire regularization process came under the scanner for irregularities as it turned out that bogus colonies figured on the list of colonies granted PRCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088498", "title": "Cop cover eases snarls around Juhu juice centre", "text": "MUMBAI: A 10-year fight with Amar Juice Centre and other eateries in Juhu, to stop them from operating beyond their deadline, seems to have finally borne fruit for residents of Gulmohur Road in the area.Continuous patrolling by the police for the past four days has eased the snarls on the stretch-usually caused by rows of vehicles being parked by the road to buy juice and food from the eateries -and brought some semblance of peace for residents. As a mark of gratitude, Juhu people will hold a thanksgiving march for police on Sunday.A police van and a towing van of the traffic police have been stationed outside Amar juice centre. \"Since long, we have been asking them to shut the shops by the deadline of 12.30am. It usually goes on till 4am. It's funny that in our society, illegality is not news but taking legal action against criminality is big news,\" said Hansel D'Souza, president of Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group.Secretary of Gulmohur Area Societies' Welfare Group Ashoke Pandit said in the past six-seven months, the flurry of business in and around Amar Juice Centre had increased. \"Five new dhabas have cropped up in the same locality and all operated till way beyond their deadline. But the owners were confident that nothing would happen. But we wrote to the social service branch of the police following which the officials raided the eateries,\" he added.Residents alleged that with the eateries remaining open till late, chain snatching and car burglaries had risen. \"The culprits would sit at these joints, which remained open way after midnight, and operate their gangs from there. Gulmohur Road had turned into a khau galli,\" said Pandit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089430", "title": "Railways to upgrade e-booking system, targets daily sale of 1 million tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday announced that it will upgrade e-booking services to facilitate sale of a million railway tickets every day through the internet. Currently, a little over 3 lakh tickets are booked through the internet which accounts for about 46% of total reservations.Replying to a debate on the Railway Appropriation Bill in Rajya Sabha, which was returned to Lok Sabha , railway minister Mukul Roy said 1.44 lakh candidates were proposed to be recruited during 2012-13, including for safety related posts.\"In order to address the problem of inaccessibility, slowdown of the system and increased demand for e-booking, a new project at the cost of Rs 55 crore has been included in 2012-2013 for upgradation of the web portal. This will ensure booking of one million e-tickets every day,'' Roy said.Promising that safety will be provided a definite thrust and \"railway is duty-bound towards this end\", he said all unmanned level crossings will be done away with in the next 10 years with road over-bridges and under-bridges.In this context, the minister said the number of unmanned level crossings had come down from 20,786 in 1995 to 13,471 while manned level crossings had increased from 15,435 to 18,305 during the said period.Noting that renewed thrust will be put on PPP initiatives and a focused approach on utilization of vacant land and air space, he said their endeavour would also be on bringing the railways' operating ratio to a \"healthy level\".Roy blamed the weakened financial position of the railways to implementation of the sixth pay commission and downturn in world economy and said they were \"striving to improve the financial position\".He said the outlay for railways for the 12th plan period would be Rs 7.35 lakh crore of which Rs 2.04 lakh would be received through budgetary support.Roy said efforts would be made to mobilize additional funds through advertisements at railway stations and use of vacant railway lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087448", "title": "Tollywood tussle ends in peace as producer tenders apology", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu film producer Bellamkonda Suresh who is in the dock for allegedly assaulting director Santosh Srinivas on Thursday gave a written apology to the Telugu Film Directors Association (TFDA)Though Suresh had stoutly denied assaulting the director, he eventually sent in his apology. This when it became clear that the directors association was unwillingly to compromise on the 'self-respect' of film directors. In fact, the alleged physical assault on Srinivas by Bellamkonda Suresh threatened to snowball into a major controversy with the TFDA going ahead and issuing a letter to the A P Film Industry Employees Federation not to cooperate with the producer. This practically amounted to a total ban on Bellamkonda Suresh and the directors association also refused to do films with him.The issue also threatened to create bad blood between the Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) and TFDA. The producers council has also been sent a copy of the letter informing it of the spat between Suresh and Srinivas. Sources, however, said that the producers preferred a coordination committee comprising producers and directors to settle the matter instead of the TFDA taking any unilateral decision.It is learnt that Bellamkonda Suresh appeared before the executive committee of the directors association on Wednesday evening and denied having beaten up director Srinivas. What, however, angered the directors association was Bellamkonda Suresh's attitude towards the entire issue. \"We had given the producer some time to send in a written apology and he did send it today,\" said TFDA vice-president Dr L Srinath. Suresh, however, still stuck to his stance that he did not beat up the director but said since the argument with him had hurt the directors association, he was tendering an unconditional apology.It may be mentioned here that on May 7, director Santosh Srinivas made a complaint to TFDA alleging that producer Bellamkonda Suresh, for whom he is directing a film, had manhandled him after he had refused to change the script of the movie. Srinivas had delivered a hit 'Kandireega' for the producer last year and they were shooting for the sequel to the film. \"My creativity will suffer if a producer intimidates me into toeing a particular line,\" Srinivas had reportedly told the directors' association. It is, however, learnt that a coordination committee comprising producers and directors will decide whether it is right for Srinivas to leave a project midway.As the issue between the producers body and directors association was threatening to snowball into a major issue, it is learnt that Dasari Narayana Rao initially tried to intervene in the matter and settle it but has now given up the idea. What, however, remains to be seen now is whether director Santosh Srinivas will continue to work for the ongoing project of Bellamkonda Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088683", "title": "Cabinet clears purchase of trainer jets worth Rs 3000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) on Thursday cleared the purchase of 75 basic trainer aircraft for the Indian Air Force (IAF). The IAF has been suffering from a crippling shortage of trainers since 2009, when its old basic trainer was grounded after a series of accidents that claimed 19 lives.A senior official said the deal for the purchase of 75 Pilatus PC-7 Mk-II aircraft from Switzerland would cost around Rs 3,000 crore.The decision comes in the face of \"critical deficiency\" in trainer aircraft - pointed out by the parliamentary standing committee on defence recently - and IAF's desperate need to initiate its cadets into flying with basic trainers.Since July 2009, the IAF has been adopting an ad hoc method of teaching flying, initiating cadets into flying directly with intermediate trainer jet Kiran. Its basic trainer HPT-32 Deepak has been involved in at least 17 crashes killing 19 pilots, forcing the air force to ground the fleet in 2009.The CCS decision comes a few days after the parliamentary standing committee pointed out that IAF had just 255 trainers (basic, intermediate and advanced), instead of the 434 that had been inducted into service.The number of basic trainers purchased from Swiss firm Pilatus could further go up since the IAF has a requirement of 181 trainers. Under the present deal, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will produce 145 of these trainers under licence.The Swiss firm emerged as the L1 (lowest bidder) in the competition several months ago, but the deal was stalled after Korean Aerospace Industries, which had fielded the KT-1 trainer, put up a strong fight, saying the Pilatus selection was flawed.The Koreans alleged the Swiss proposal was incomplete and thus a violation of the procurement procedure. Both the Korean defence minister and ambassador to India wrote protest letters to the Indian government, besides the firm carrying out an aggressive media campaign against the Pilatus.The first basic trainer would be inducted 15 months after the contract is signed, sources said. The Swiss are selling the aircraft under the condition that they would never be armed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089377", "title": "Lifestyle diseases common among jailbirds: Study", "text": "NAGPUR: With India already dubbed diabetes capital of the world, it seems no one is immune, villagers or city dwellers, rich or poor. Jail birds have now joined this extensive list. Some inmates of city's Central Jail suffer from lifestyle linked diseases like diabetes and hypertension while many others are susceptible to them, found a study by Diabetes Care n Research Centre and Diabetes Care Foundation of India's city branch. The doctors have given various suggestions to jail authorities to check this and the latter have started following them.\"These inmates lead relatively sedentary lives. They are also in a state of continuous stress. These factors make them more susceptible to lifestyle diseases. Still, a little care and caution along with regular medical care can help them,\" said diabetologist Dr Sunil Gupta, who runs the research centre. He informed that the study was conducted among 224 inmates who were screened for conditions like diabetes, obesity , blood pressure, cholesterol levels and dietary pattern. While 4% inmates were known to have diabetes even before the screening, 7% were detected with the disease during the camp. Another 11% were prediabetics (prone to develop the disease). The study also showed a high prevalence of conditions like obesity, high levels of cholesterol and triglycerides in their blood.The calorie intake of the inmates was found higher than required for the kind of lifestyle they lead. \"We found that the average calorie intake was from 2800 to 3000, with each major meal consisting of 1100 calories. This is much more than they require,\" said nutritionist Kavita Gupta. She advised some inmates about the ways to burn the calories and eating judiciously among other things.The study, say the doctors, would not just be a flash in the pan. They would continue to keep a track of the health of inmates and an annual profiling would be done. The doctors also held a workshop for the inmates, informing them about the risks they faced and the lifestyle changes required.Deputy inspector general Bipin Bihari, who was closely associated with the study, said, \"these are only preliminary findings as only one-fourth of the jail's inmates wee screened. The others would also be screened soon.\" The diet, he said has been designed on the recommendations of an expert committee directed by the Bombay High Court to do so and hence cannot be changed. \"Still, we have taken the words of caution given by the doctors seriously and have started making changes in the exercise schedule of the inmates,\" he added.BOXCONDITION% PREVALANCEKnown diabetics4.8 (M), 2.5 (F)Detected diabetics5.9 (M) and 7.14 (F)Pre-diabetes11Obesity40High blood pressure22High cholesterol28High triglycerides36", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13088967", "title": "Bihar Chamber of Commerce hails high gross state domestic product growth rate", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) here on Thursday hailed the 13.1 per cent growth in gross state domestic product (GSDP) in Bihar in financial year 2011-12 indicating that the state is moving very well on the path of integrated development. It said that the GSDP is the basic indicator of the health of the economy of any state.BCC president O P Sah said it is a matter of satisfaction that the state of Bihar has retained its status among the top states recording high growth in GSDP. He added that in 2010-11, the state had recorded 14.8 per cent growth in GSDP. He congratulated the chief minister for the feat.State BJP general secretary and MLC Mangal Pandey, vice-president and spokesperson Sanjay Mayukh, secretary Suraj Nandan Mehta and other leaders congratulated CM Nitish Kumar and deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi for sustaining a high GSDP growth rate again.Indo-Bangla trade ties: High commissioner of Bangladesh to India Tariq A Karim and minister, commercial, Bangladesh High Commission, Mohd Habibur Rahman Khan on Thursday discussed prospects of bilateral trade between India and Bangladesh at an interactive session with members of BCC here.Sah said that the resurgent Bihar was rapidly emerging as favourite destination for global trade and investments. He said that all the stakeholders should strive hard for establishing close working bonds with the international community of traders and entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13092302", "title": "Ban on tinted glasses: Steps afoot for effective execution", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police are making all out efforts to implement the Supreme Court's guideline with regard to dark tinted films on cars' windows and windshields. Lending them a helping hand in understanding the details of the law is the regional transport authority.City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh, who met the traffic law enforcement officers on the issue, told TOI that deputy commissioner of police (traffic and crime) has been named the nodal officer to oversee the implementation of the apex court's directive.\"We have involved assistant commissioner of police (traffic) and his staff also,\" Seemant said and added that city police is gearing up to ensure effective implementation of the directive.Acknowledging that as per the directive, tinted glasses on his as well as many other government officials' vehicles too will come under the scanner, Seemant said, \"I will get my vehicle examined to see if it conforms to the law.\"At the same time, city police will undertake a concerted campaign to educate car owners about the directive, and give them time to meet the legal requirements - 70% visibility for front and rear glasses and 50% for side glasses.\"We will reach out to car owners through media. We have sought assistance from the transport department in implementing the law,\" he added.Felix D'Souza, in-charge regional transport officer told The Times of India that the transport department will undertake a joint drive with city police in this regard. Felix admitted that the department does not have instruments to check the visibility of tinted glasses. \"We will address the issue soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13088293", "title": "ID proof must for ultrasound in Haryana", "text": "GURGAON: The state health department has asked medical officers in the city to keep tabs on the ultrasound centres of the city. In a measure to curb female foeticide, the department has made it mandatory for pregnant women to present their ID proof.The director general of the health department on May 3 directed officials concerned to give guidelines to the hospitals and the private centres to check the ID proof and the department would later keep a check on the date of birth. If the childbirth does not take place, the health department will find out the reason.A district task force has been constituted with the deputy commissioner as chairman and chairperson of the zila parishad as co-chairman for the effective implementation of the laws and monitoring of the schemes. The task force would also review the progress %of prosecution launched against the errant diagnostic centres or doctors and design strategies for involving civil society and general public in curbing the malpractice of female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13089655", "title": "\u2018Upset\u2019, youth shoots himself in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: A youth allegedly shot himself with a country-made pistol late on Wednesday night. The deceased identified as Rajiv Garg, 28, is a resident of Raipur Rani. He was rushed to the general hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula, but was declared brought dead.Rajiv is survived by his pregnant wife, father and mother. According to the police, the wife who was at home when the incident took place, did not hear the shot being fired. \"Rajiv had got married two years ago. He met with an accident a year ago and had suffered head injuries because of which he had remained admitted to the PGI, Chandigarh, for a long time. Since then he had not been keeping well. Rajiv was also upset over something for the past many days,\" said station house officer of the Raipur Rani police station, inspector Harbhajan Singh.Rajiv was living with his parents and wife at his place. His father owns some poultry farms. \"His parents had gone to the general hospital to see a relative, while Rajiv's wife was at home when the incident took place. When his parents returned, they found their son's body near the garage. The wife had not heard the bullet being fired,\" added Singh. \"What is puzzling and something we are looking into is where did the country-made pistol come from? It is only after the family gets over the shock of his death that we will talk to the family and investigate the case further,\" said another officer.A case has been registered under Section 174 of the CrPc at the Raipur Rani police station. The postmortem of the body was conducted and the body was handed over to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13089393", "title": "Why is it No. 4 vs No. 20 in Chess?", "text": "CHENNAI: Is chess such a complicated sport that you get the No. 4 (Viswanathan Anand) in the world playing against No. 20 (Boris Gelfand) for the world champion status? Well, the days when the No. 1 and No. 2 played the WCC matches are probably over, as more and more events are held in different formats and the youth brigade has been dominating tournaments in recent years.Ratings are based on overall performance in tournaments and matches (in Classical chess). While there are specialists in matches like the ones between Anand and Vladimir Kamnik, their tournament results may not be as good. For instance, Anand had similar rankings, either as No. 4 or 5, when he played his last two WCC matches against Kramnik and Topalov, respectively. This was primarily because he was already in preparation mode in the six or seven months before those events, leading to average results in the tournaments in which he participated during the period.While the No. 1 player, Magnus Carlsen of Norway, stayed away from the WCC citing his objection to the format, No. 2 Levon Aronian of Armenia played and lost in the Candidates tournament from which Gelfand qualified as the challenger to Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087677", "title": "60 entities pumped Rs 1,172 cr into Sakshi: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: To substantiate its charge that Sakshi newspaper and TV were built on the proceeds of crime emanating from a quid pro quo arrangement between the YSR regime and private companies and individuals, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) said on Thursday that in all, 60 private entities had invested a total of Rs 1,172 crore in the two companies owned by Jaganmohan Reddy.Although the CBI had alluded to the existence of a quid pro quo arrangement in the Jagan assets case , it is for the first time that it has quantified the amount and identified the investors. \"We are trying to trace this Rs 1172 crore quid pro quo investments by several beneficiaries of the YSR regime in Jagati Publications ,\" CBI deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath said in the court of CBI special judge T Pattabhirama Rao on Thursday.The matter came up when the CBI filed its counter opposing the petitions of Jagathi Publications, Indira Television and Janani Infrastructure challenging the freezing of their bank accounts by SBI, OBC and IOB on the directive of the CBI on Wednesday. After hearing both the sides, the special judge reserved his orders to May 14. However, the judge sought to know from the CBI whether it would object if the assets are released on the media firms furnishing a security or suitable bank guarantee. The agency left it to the court's discretion.The 60 entities that the CBI named in its counter as having pumped Rs 1,172 crore into Sakshi newspaper and TV are: AK Dandamudi (Rs 10 crore), Gilchrist Investments (Rs 190 crore), Alpha Villa (90 crore), Sandesh Labs (28 crore), India Cements (40 crore), Artilligence Bio (50 lakh), Delton Exim (5.75 crore), Hingora Finvest (4.75 crore), Kirti Electro systems (50 lakh), Moon Enterprises (2.5 crore), Stocknet International (one crore), PVP Business Ventures (55 crore), Hetero Group (4 crore), Trident Life Sciences (7 crore), TWC Infrastructure (2 crore), Pioneer Infrastructure (45 crore), K Prasad Reddy (one crore), K Rajeswari (2 crore), Shrine Finance and Investments (19.5 crore), Satabdi Investments (35.5 crore), ERES Projects (8 crore), G Srinivasa Raju (4.60 crore), M Srinivas Reddy (50 lakh), Spume Solutions (2.40 crore), Bay Inland finance (2.60 crore), Bhaskar Fund Management (2.5 crore), Cliftons Pearson Export and Agencies (6.15 crore), Ganga Builders (4 crore ), Ispat Sheets (3.5 crore), Cromore Fund Management (2 crore), New Outlook Securities (4.75 crore), Super Finance (2 crore), Shakti Ispat Products (5 crore), Shivlakshmi Exports (2.5 crore), Cuboid Real Estates (35 crore), Chadelier Tracon (31 crore), Sugam Commodeal (28.5 crore), Ajoy Garapati (10 crore), Swagruha Hotels (10 crore), B Purushotama Naidu (35 crore), G Anantha Sena Reddy (one crore), Jayalaxmi Textiles (5 crores), Jubilee Media Communications (30 crore ), Kanti Conductors (7 crore), Madhav Ramachandra (19.65 crore), M V Bava (5 crore), R R Global Enterprises (49 crores), Ramu Real Estate Developers (20 crore), Sathidham Syntex (10 crore), Sentia Developers (51 crore), Marine Realtors (6 crore), Metaphor Real Estates and Projects (10 crore), K Srinivas Naidu (72.8 lakh), D Sarojanamma and D Srinivasulu Naidu (2 crore), Carnegie Logistics (one crore), PVP Business Towers (40.97 crore) and Beta Avenues ( 70.92 crore).CBI deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath, however, said if one goes by the balance sheet of Jagathi company, only Rs 294 crore remained with the company as of March 31, 2011. \"We want to save the state's money and hence the freezing of the bank accounts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088891", "title": "Sarojini Market closes in protest against decision to allot more space to hawkers", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of Delhi's most popular shopping destinations, Sarojini Nagar Market will remain closed indefinitely. On Thursday, the market association called for a bandh in protest against the New Delhi Municipal Council's (NDMC) decision to allot space to additional street vendors. The traders' association will be meeting Union Minister Ajay Maken and Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday to discuss the issue.NDMC allocated tehbazari to 112 people - 82 in Sarojini Nargar Market and 30 in Babu Market - in Sarojini Nagar area on Thursday. At present, there are 120 tehbazaris operating in Sarojini Nagar market with permission from NDMC. The recent decision, traders say, will add to the congestion in the market. The Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers' Association decided to close the market at 4pm, hours after the list of 112 vendors was released by NDMC.\"At present, there is no space to walk in the market, especially during peak hours. If these 112 tehbazaris are allowed to operate here then it will just add to the congestion,\" said Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers' Association. According to traders, of the 120 tehbazaris, the NDMC was planning to relocate 52 as the Master Plan of Delhi 2021 and the vending committee had recommended only 68 tehbazaris in the market. \"When the civic agency was planning to relocate the 52 tehbazari, then why did they allocate space to new ones? This is going to pose a serious security risk. As per the MPD-2021, three tehbazaris are allowed per 10 shops,\" said Sharma.In its recent order, the Supreme Court had directed the civic agency to accommodate 386 tehbazari owners, of the 630 who had filed a petition, in NDMC areas. On Thursday, the civic agency allocated tehbazari to 82 people in Sarojini Nagar Market and 30 in the neighbouring Babu Market.Traders claim that in a meeting last week, NDMC chairperson Archna Arora had assured that no new tehbazaris will be allocated in the area. According to sources, the decision to increase the number of tehbazari was taken as the shopkeepers were \"illegally\" running tehbazaris.When contacted, Amit Prasad, spokesperson of NDMC, said, \"The allocation of tehbazari to 112 people has been done based on the recommendation of the vending committee. The sites were identified by our departments in consultation with local police and traffic police. We have just followed the court's order where the NDMC was directed to accommodate 386 vendors.\"While the market association is protesting against NDMC's decision, the existing street vendors are not happy as their names didn't figure in the list. Fifty-eight-year-old Gulshan Kumar, who has been selling cosmetics at his street stall in Babu Market for the past 23 years, was allotted a tehbazari in Palika Bhawan. \"The draw has not been implemented fairly. People who have been here for decades have been asked to move their shops while new entrants have been given place,\" said Kumar.(With inputs from Sumeet Keswani &amp; Irfan Ahmad)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13093049", "title": "Chennai Super Kings aim to keep alive playoff hopes", "text": "CHENNAI: They might be upbeat after a narrow win but defending champions Chennai Super Kings' chances of making the playoffs are still far from good as they take on tournament-leaders Delhi Daredevils in a crucial IPL match on Saturday.The four-wicket win over Rajasthan Royals on Thursday night came as a massive boost for the two-time defending champions, who are placed fourth in the table with 13 points with six wins and an equal number of losses from their 13 matches so far.Even a win would not be enough for Chennai to make the next grade as five teams -- Delhi Daredevils, Kolkata Knight Riders, Mumbai Indians, Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kings XI Punjab --- have four more matches to go.The Daredevils and Knight Riders enjoy the top two positions with 18 and 17 points, respectively from 12 matches each and these two would have lesser problems in making the semifinal.Delhi had emerged victorious the last time CSK clashed with them but given that Saturday's match is a home game for Chennai, the result could be different.Delhi are ruling the roost thanks to consistence performances by captain Virender Sehwag with Australian import David Warner adding to their firepower.Even though Sri Lankan Mahela Jayawardane and New Zealand's Ross Taylor have not been among the runs.Home conditions and fans support will go in favour of Chennai, who boast of a better batting line up on paper and their bowlers have provided the required oxygen for winning matches.Chennai seem to be better chasers and have played to their potential after bowlers succeeded in restricting the rival batsmen.But if Sehwag, Jayawardane, Taylor and Warner fire in unison and post a solid total, Delhi's bowlers Irfan Pathan, Nadeem Ahmed and Morne Morkel would hold the edge.Teams (From):Chennai Super Kings: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt &amp; wk), Srikkanth Anirudha, Ravichandran Ashwin, Subramaniam Badrinath, George Bailey, Doug Bollinger, Dwayne Bravo, Faf du Plessis, Ben Hilfenhaus, Michael Hussey, Ravindra Jadeja, Shadab Jakati, Joginder Sharma, Suraj Randiv, Nuwan Kulasekara, Yo Mahesh, Albie Morkel, Suresh Raina, Wriddhiman Saha, Scott Styris, Sudeep Tyagi, Kuthethurshri Vasudevadas, Ganapathi Vignesh, Murali Vijay.Delhi Daredevils: Virender Sehwag (Capt), Kevin Pietersen, Mahela Jayawardene, Ajit Agarkar, Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav, Puneet Bisht, Robin Bist, Naman Ojha (wk), Shahbaz Nadeem, Venugopal Rao, Vikas Mishra, Yogesh Nagar, Zafir Patel, Sunny Gupta, Tejashwi Yadav, Aavishkar Salvi, Kuldeep Raval, Manpreet Juneja, Pawan Negi, Prashant Naik, Aaron Finch, Andre Russell, Doug Bracewell, Glenn Maxwell, Gulam Bodi, Morne Morkel, Roelf van der Merwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "karimnagar/visakhapatnam", "code": "13087754", "title": "Congress leader shot at by Maoists", "text": "KARIMNAGAR/VISAKHAPATNAM: Notwithstanding police claims that Maoists are not regrouping in north Telangana, armed cadres struck terror in Mahadevpur forests in Karimnagar district. They opened fire at a Congress leader, critically injuring him. He was rushed to Hyderabad for treatment. His brother, who is also a Congress leader, was beaten up by the Maoists. While Maoists are trying to make their presence felt in Telangana, the party suffered a blow when two of its members were killed in an exchange of fire with the security forces in Vizag Agency on Thursday.A 40-member Maoist team, including armed women Naxals, created a terror at Mukunoor village in Mahadevpur mandal by destroying a public telephone booth and a kirana shop in the late hours of Wednesday. Karimnagar-Khammam-Warangal (KKW) Damodaranna dalam reached Mukunoor around12.15 am and enquired about Gundeboina Chinnanna, former mandal parishad president (MPP) of Mahadevpur, and his elder brother Venkataswamy, husband of former sarpanch Lakshmi of Mukunoor.They beat up Chinnanna with sticks and bayonets and dragged him from his residence to a 'praja court'. Despite his pleas, the Naxals rained blows on him. After conducting the 'praja court' on the outskirts of the village, they warned Chinnanna and Venkataswamy against supporting civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu and demanded their resignation from Congress. They also threatened the brothers against entering Mahadevpur mandal. When Venkataswamy tried to escape the rebels opened fire. Two bullets hit his stomach.First Venkataswamy was taken to MGM Hospital in Warangal at 5.45am. When his condition deteriorated, he was later rushed to Osmania General Hospital in Hyderabad. Chinnanna suffered severe injuries to his chest and head and was treated at the Mahadevpur area hospital and is said to be out of danger.Sources said before leaving the village, the Maoists blamed the brothers for acting as police informers and leaking information to the cops on their praja courts. They also shouted slogans against Operation Green Hunt and developmental activity like laying of roads in the thick forest area of Mahadevpur. A police team arrived at Mukunoor late in the evening. Mukunoor is 150 km from Karimnagar and lies closer to Chhattisgarh.When contacted, SP V Ravinder ruled out regrouping of Maoists in the district and said the rebels were only trying to create panic by resorting to such attacks. \"They are against roads in interior villages and other developmental works,\" he said. Ironically, sources said people have to walk nearly 12 km to reach Mukunoor as there is no proper road. Mahadevpur is 60 km away from the village.Meanwhile, two Maoists were killed in an encounter at Vandragipudu near Lavvasingi village, 15 km from G Madugula in Vizag. Sources said that a couple of security personnel were also injured in the firing that lasted for almost four hours. Security personnel seized 16 kit bags and a bucket stuffed with landmines. Two Maoists were found dead after the fierce battle. They were carrying a tapancha and hand grenades,The exchange of fire started at 6.30am and went on till 10am. The Maoists, who were planning an ambush, are believed to have triggered four landmines before opening fire on the special party police. The Maoists were reported to have been lying in wait for the security forces for the last five days following information on heavy deployment of forces in the area. Sources said that about 70 Maoists and some 30-odd armed cadre were present at the encounter spot at the time of the exchange of fire. They all managed to escape into the forest. It is learnt that the Maoists were led by a section of the first central regional command (CRC) commandeered by Kodumula Venkatrao alias Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13094029", "title": "Akhilesh government ready to roll out unemployment dole", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh government on Friday approved the rules for implementing the unemployment allowance. Officials in the state labour welfare department stated that draft rules that were cleared by the state cabinet fixed class 10 as the minimum qualification for the unemployment allowance. They stated that youth enrolled by March 15, will be eligible for the scheme for the financial year 2012-13. Officials stated that those between 30 and 40 years of age would be eligible for the dole.Minister for labour affairs, Vaqar Ahmed Shah , said that close to ten lakh unemployed will be able to benefit from the scheme. The government will spend over Rs 1,200 crore per annum. This will add up to Rs 6,000 crore over five years. He added that the allowance would be given in quarterly instalments . In this way, the government will have to spend Rs 300 crores to pay the first instalment which is likely to be paid in the month of June.Regarding the economic criteria, the cabinet approved two set of rules. The first relates to the applicant who would be the head of the family. The family income of this set of people should not exceed Rs 36,000 per annum. The second set of applicants could be dependant on their family. In this case, the family income of the family should not exceed Rs 1.5 lakhs. The applicants would also be expected to have a savings account in a nationalised bank.To check fake candidates, the government has decided that all candidates should submit an affidavit that they were not working anywhere. Officials also said that in case the testimonials were found to be incorrect, the candidate will be debarred from further benefit while the amount given as allowance would be recovered. The affidavit will be taken along with proof of age, qualification and domicile during the course of completing formalities after the rule book is notified and a government order is issued. The process of distribution of allowance will begun once the cabinet order is notified and a formal government order is issued. Officials stated that the GO would be issued by May 15.The Samajwadi Party had promised the unemployment allowance in its election manifesto. So, when the party stormed into power, there was a huge rush at employment exchanges across the state for registration. The government therefore reduced the age band to 30 to 40 years. It may be noted that when unemployment allowance was rolled out during the previous Mulayam government, the age of eligibility was 21 years to 40 years. A section of ministers reportedly wanted the same band this time too. However, financial constraints stopped the government from doing so this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13090869", "title": "Mega industrial park planned in Paradip", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If things go well, a mega wood-based industries park entailing private investment up to 5,000 crore would come up at Paradip in the state within six months, official sources said on Wednesday.At a meeting chaired by chief secretary Bijay Patnaik here, a proposal to establish a wood processing cluster over 500 acre at Paradip was discussed. Patnaik asked an officer of the industries department to act as a nodal officer for the project, said Sarat Sahoo, member, State Planning Board.The chief secretary entrusted the responsibility of preparing a detailed project report (DPR) to Ramu Ramakrishnan, a Bengaluru-based consultant on wood industries. \"I should take two months to put in place the DPR,\" Ramakrishnan said. \"If everything moves smoothly, the park can be operational in six months,\" he hoped.Ramakrishnan said the Paradip project would be modeled on a similar wood processing park at Kandla, Gujarat. \"In the initial phase, the government would allot 125 acre for the project. Around 200 small and medium units can come up on the patch, generating employment for around 4,000 people. We are already in touch with leading plywood and other wood-based units. We envisage investment between 3,000 crore and 5,000 crore,\" he added.Official sources said state-owned Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco) has already acquired 125 acre for the project. \"Another 419 acre of government land, which was earlier locked in litigation with the Paradip Port Trust, could subsequently be allotted for the wood project. This should lead to doubling of the park's capacity,\" an official said.Sahoo said the project would not lead to felling of trees in Odisha. \"Rather the raw material would be imported from south Asian and African countries, like it is happening at Kandla. The transportation costs to Paradip would be less compared to Kandla,\" Sahoo said, adding, \"There are no rehabilitation and resettlement issues involved. It must be a win-win situation for the state and the wood industry.\"Ramakrishnan noted that there is acute shortage of wood processing industries in the country. Consequently, India is forced to import wood products like furniture from countries like Malaysia and China. \"If the Paradip project comes up, it would not only cater to the domestic market but also be in a position to export stuff,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089115", "title": "A topper who couldn't remain at No. 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: His early days could hardly have prepared Pradeep Shukla for jail life. He did well in school and got a first class in his Physics master's from Allahabad University.When Shukla appeared for the civil services examination, he again did very well, topping the 1981 batch, breaking into the big league after a somewhat humble beginning as a medical practitioner's son with roots in Hardoi.Everything was going for him. He got a chance to choose his cadre, and picked UP. And then something did go wrong. He slipped to number 2, after his final performance at the Mussourie IAS Academy was factored in. Colleague Anuj Kumar Bishnoi became the 1981-batch topper. But no one could then have said that the bright boy from Allahabad would land in jail three decades later, facing serious charges of corruption.His first posting was as executive magistrate at the sub-divisional administrative level in 1983. Colleagues and subordinates from that time remember Shukla as bright but eccentric. \"His style of functioning was bizarre. At times, he would land up in office at 8 pm or later and work through the night. As officers designated to his department, it was tough to keep up with his routine,'' a PCS officer who worked with him in Ghaziabad said.Odd hours, eccentric behaviour, aloof perhaps, but corruption was not a charge that stuck to Shukla. But then NRHM happened. \"He worked in ways that suited him. It was his conduct that put off a lot of people,'' a senior UP bureaucrat said.Between 2009 and 2011, the period when massive irregularities surfaced in the implementation of the National Rural Health Mission, he was principal secretary of the family welfare department and mission director of NRHM. During this period, contracts were awarded without tenders, regulations were flouted and the systems were unravelled. The very positions meant to check this, however, were held by one man, Pradeep Shukla.Contrary to popular perception, NRHM did not, always, fare poorly in UP. Poor leadership afflicted the systems from 2009 to 2011, when health parameters in the state dipped abysmally. In a private conversation, Shukla staked claim to having wiped out polio in UP, but in reality the foundation for this was laid much before Shukla took over.According to Unicef India, transmission of the most dangerous Wild Polio Virus 1, which caused 95% of polio in India until 2006, dropped to record low levels in 2010. Uttar Pradesh, the epicentre of most polio outbreaks in the country, has not reported any WPV1 cases since November 2009. But Shukla only took over in February that year can hardly stake claim to have wiped out polio in just a few months.Health indicators, based on official estimates of Registrar General of India in their Sample Registration System (SRS) 2009, indicate that the state government played a far more proactive role in implementing NRHM in the period preceding 2009. At that time, Shukla was heading UP's Power Corporation Ltd.In a state-wise progress report compiled by the ministry of health and family welfare till March 2011, the UP government appeared to be steadily losing interest in implementing the mission in the state. Top officials (read Pradeep Shukla) dispensed with the tradition of regular monitoring meetings, a mandatory clause under NRHM. In 2008-09, the district health societies met for regular meetings 355 times. In 2009-10, this fell to 123. The worst was 2010-11, when only 120 meetings of DHSs took place till March 31, 2011.Appointments of Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) in the state followed a similar wavering pattern. In 2005-06, nearly 20,000 persons were appointed as ASHAs. In 2009-10 only 660 ASHAs were appointed. By 2010-11, however, not a single ASHA was appointed. \"Successful implementation of any scheme depends, to a large extent, on the way the people in-charge handle them. With more invested officers in charge, UP did well in implementing NRHM. The complete lack of interest showed from 2009 onwards,'' said a bureaucrat.Even immunization, an area Shukla claims to have done well in, appears to have suffered. National Family Health Survey data suggests that full immunisation of children has not picked up pace as it should have. Where 5,463 children were immunized for various diseases in 2009-10, this dropped to about 4,500 between April 2010 and May 2011.For everything that went wrong with the implementation of NRHM, the Centre holds the Mission Director responsible. An excerpt from the central review reads: \"The management of NRHM funds in the state is primarily the responsibility of the State Health Society and the Mission Director. However, in Uttar Pradesh, the release and utilisation of funds was characterised by a diffusion of responsibility.\"Shukla controlled nearly everything. As Principal Secretary, he took decisions to implement NRHM; as Mission Director, chairman of the Executive Committee and head of programme implementation committee, he also monitored the decision he took in his various capacities.The stench of ill-health may have wafted to Delhi, but the state government appears to have caught a whiff only after two successive CMOs were murdered. Only after Shukla was removed in April 2011, Mohammad Mustafa was appointed as independent Mission Director - something the government of India had been insisting on, all along.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091276", "title": "'Mohabatan Di Baat' out now", "text": "Little Amit is looking to build on the success of his previous single 'Nachdi' featuring the late, Kaka Bhaniawala a single that proved popular both on the dance floors and across radio airwaves.'Mohabatan Di Baat' sees Little Amit venture into the opposite musical direction of Nachdi, with a romantic ballad which is sure to become a first dance favourite this summer and beyond!Little Amit is currently working on his debut album titled 'The Journey Begins', which will be featuring an exciting line up of both established and new talented artists. 'The Journey Begins' has been pencilled in for a late 2012 release.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13089595", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority plans legal action against Indian Cricket League", "text": "PANCHKULA: Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda), Panchkula, has decided to initiate legal action against the Indian Cricket League (ICL) as despite giving notices, the latter is not paying the owed amount. It owes more than Rs 25 lakh to Huda for using Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Sector 3, Panchkula. Two seasons of the ICL were held at the stadium.\"We have given the Essel Sports Private Limited a number of notices and they are not responding to it. We, however, have kept their expensive equipments like flood lights and other things which they used during tournaments and won't give back until they pay the amount. Now, we have to initiate legal action towards them,\" said Huda estate officer Ashwini Sharma.He further added, \"No response to our notices show their non-willingness to pay the amount. So we are left with no other option but to take this action.\"Following an agreement with the company in November 2007, the stadium was the first one to offer its space to the ICL. \"According to agreement, they were to pay lease charges and annual maintenance fee,\" Sharma added. Moreover, 15% of the revenue generated from \"sale of tickets, food and beverages\" were also to be shared with Huda, along with 15% generated from on field advertisement sales.The Essel group had violated the terms and conditions and HUDA can take legal action against them under Sections 16 (prohibits the use of land or building for a purpose other than allotted for) and 18 (eviction) of the Huda Act.The ICL was the first tournament with international players that followed the T20 format. Floated by Kapil Dev in association with Subhash Chandra of Zee TV in 2006-07, ICL matches were initially held at Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Panchkula. Its two seasons included tournaments between four international teams and nine domestic teams in major Indian cities as well as the Lahore Badshahs based in Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13092524", "title": "Hillary Clinton praises Mamata Banerjee for overthrowing Left", "text": "WASHINGTON: Terming her trip to Kolkata as remarkable, US secretary of state Hillary Clinton was all praise for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee saying despite being a women she successfully ended 34-year-old Left rule in the state.Clinton was on a 3-day visit to India from May 7. This was the first-ever visit by a US secretary of state to Writers' Buildings to hold a meeting with a chief minister.Both Clinton and Banerjee are listed among the 100 top influential people in world by Time magazine.In her keynote address after receiving Century Award at the New York Women's Foundation Breakfast, Clinton termed her trip to Kolkata as remarkable.\"I went last week to West Bengal in East India and had two remarkable experiences - meeting the newly elected chief minister, a woman, who on her own started a new political party and built that political party over many years, and just successfully ousted Communist Party that had been in office for 30, 34 years or so, and who is trying now to govern a state with 90 million people in it,\" Clinton said.Clinton also referred to a meeting she had with a group of women in Kolkata.\"I met with a group of women - mostly Indian, some American - who, along with some of the men who were running organisations to rescue girls from having been trafficked into prostitution - and I met some of the girls and the young women, and their stories sounded remarkably like the ones we heard this morning.\"And in particular, the very last line of one of our last presenters that change takes time and love makes the difference,\" she said.\"So when I was introduced to a young girl, probably about 10, who had, with her mother, been rescued from a brothel, who was dressed in her karate outfit and she asked me, 'Do you want to see me do karate'- I said, 'I really do.\"Clinton said amidst laughter and applause as she referred to the conversation she had with a young girl at that meeting.\"And she proceeded to perform a karate move. But it wasn't so much the karate as it was the way she stood so straight, looked me in the eye, had a sense of pride and accomplishment about her.\"And that's what we saw on this stage here, so many thousands of miles away,\" Clinton said narrating the experience she had with the young girl from Bihar.\"The work that the foundation does is part of this remarkable combination of actors and institutions that we sometimes take for granted in New York and in our country.\"Many years ago, I talked about society really being a three-legged stool: You need an accountable, responsible government; you need an effective job-creating, prosperity-increasing private sector; and you need an active, dynamic civil society.\"And the civil society really fills the space that most of us live in every day - family and friendships and faith and volunteerism and all the community efforts that we are celebrating here today,\" Clinton said.Clinton said she tries, whenever possible, to find time to meet with women who are trying to do, often under very difficult circumstances.\"Because in places around the world, it's almost unimaginable that there could be this large room of women and men who are supporting a foundation devoted to uplift, empowering, helping, supporting, comforting women and girls as they make their journeys through life,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088661", "title": "Gondia's Birsa Airport employees seek special allowance for working in Maoist area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 50 employees of Airports Authority of India (AAI) posted at Birsi Airport in Gondia have sought special allowance for working in the Maoist-prone and tribal area.The airport falls under left-wing extremist stronghold and is a sensitive area as per the Maharashtra government circular issued in 2005, but AAI is yet to accede the demand.Gondia is hometown and the constituency of former civil aviation minister Praful Patel, and the airport - catering primarily to training facilities - was constructed in 2009.Birsi airport, located at a back-of-beyond area, doesn't even have a school in its vicinity. And AAI employees are compelled to admit their children to central school located in Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh.\"It's a mandatory two-year posting for us. This has become a huge problem for all of us since we have grown-up children studying in schools and colleges,\" said an AAI employee posted at Birsi airport.Medical facility, too, is few and far between, and the nearest centre is about 20km from the airport. \"For both medical emergency and higher education, Nagpur is the only option. That's why we had demanded special allowance from the head office, but so far nothing has happened,\" said another employee.\"There is no such proposal to give special allowance to employees posted at Birsi airport. The employees do get special allowance in remote areas, and Gondia doesn't fall in that category,\" said an AAI spokesperson.Birsi airport has been constructed on a plot that was originally owned by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation.Birsa airport also has a flight training institution being run in collaboration with a Canadian firm. Plans are afoot to post more employees at the airport, which has a state-of-the-art terminal building. The airport's runway has been expanded 9,000 ft, making it compatible for both Airbus-320 and Boeing 737.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13087699", "title": "Singapore delegation evinces interest in infra projects", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A high-powered delegation from Singapore, headed by foreign affairs and law minister Kasiviswanathan Shanmugam, met chief minister Narendra Modi and senior officials on Thursday. The meeting comes ahead of a possible visit of the country's deputy prime minister and coordinating minister for national security, Teo Chee Hean .GIFT city and Dholera SIR were shown as potential investment areas to the Singapore delegation. Sources said that the country might partner with Gujarat in the forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat summit to be held in January next year.Since December last year, a slew of government delegations and business groups from Singapore have been visiting Gujarat enquiring about possible partnerships. After the Gujarat government signed a memorandum of co-operation with Singapore Co-operation Enterprise (SCE) in December, a GIFT seminar was held in Singapore in January 2012. Since then at least three delegations from Singapore have visited the state.SingBridge Corporation and International Singapore Enterprise were among the few trade delegations that visited the state.Sources in the industries and mines department claim that the last few Singapore delegations were looking at investment in the sectors of skill development and urban development projects.The Gujarat government offered investment opportunities in low-cost housing, water management and human resource development. \"Gujarat has a near 44 per cent of its population living in urban areas and Singapore can provide us e-governance models and even its expertise in town planning,\" says a senior official.IL&FS; will dedicate 10 floors in its upcoming towers for conducting special courses that will be required for professional skill development. This includes two-year vocational courses.\"The series of Singapore delegation visit may hint at a partnership in the Vibrant Gujarat business summit in 2013. In the last event, Japan and Canada had partnered with Gujarat government,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13091389", "title": "20 workers get JSPL certificates", "text": "RANCHI: Jindal Steel &amp; Power Ltd (JSPL) on Thursday distributed certificates among 20 workers whom the company has trained in the last six months, with an aim to improve their lives. All of them were unskilled workers who were later trained in electrical trade, said president of JSPL Patratu, Sanjay Sharma. All these trained workers are land users. Jharkhand science and technology minister Chandra Prakash Choudhary handed over the certificates.The company trained the workers for six months with an aim to improve their quality of living ----Alok", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089125", "title": "Govt aims to control health rot, appoints 2 top officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to put the derailed health insurance coverage meant for below poverty line families back on track, the state government on Thursday, appointed secretary to chief minister, Alok Kumar as chief executive officer of the centrally-sponsored Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana. Senior PCS officer Sangita Singh has also been appointed additional CEO for the scheme.Following a two-day, detailed meeting between officials of the Union ministry of labour and employment and state health department, UP government has also got a formal approval for upgrading the health insurance scheme with effect from July 2012.Additional secretary of Union ministry of labour and employment, Anil Swarup, said, \"The ministry has had some very productive discussions with the state government and we are hopeful that the results will be visible over the next few months. With UP having accorded health the status of a priority sector, we have also decided to upgrade the scheme in UP, along with the rest of India.\"Touted as the largest health insurance scheme in the world, RSBY is also regarded as one of the top 18 social security schemes in the world. At present, the scheme offers cashless insurance worth Rs 30,000 to BPL families through biometric smartcards. With 75% funding from the Centre, the scheme allows beneficiaries - five members of a family - to avail hospital facilities.In its new country-wide avatar, the scheme is set to expand its service delivery from a 32 kilobyte chip to double its capacity. Swarup said, \"Currently, the biometric smartcard only holds details of the amount and the beneficiary family. Once the software upgradation is complete, the same chip will also hold the details of the Janshri Bima Yojana, a finance ministry dole of Rs 75,000 per family against unnatural death. Eventually, we are also considering putting PDS data on this chip.\"Though the scheme has emerged as the roadmap for future targeted subsidy schemes, the implementation of the pilferage-proof, biometric identification smartcards in UP was well below the national average. Aimed at helping the unorganised sector and contract labourers by making insurance location 'neutral', the scheme was caught in a web of irregularities at all stages of its implementation. Especially beneficial for migrant labourers, RSBY was meant to allow the target group to avail of hospital facilities at empanelled hospitals anywhere in the country. However, of the 273 hospitals de-empanelled for fraudulent practice by the Centre since the implementation of RSBY in April 2008, 109 hospitals were in Uttar Pradesh.As a part of the corrective measures, in Thursday's meeting, the state government has decided to hold a series of workshops for building RSBY capacity in UP. As a part of this initiative, the first workshop for district key officers will be held in Lucknow from May 11 to 15. This will be followed by district level officers disseminating the information to field officials from May 16. A fresh proforma has also been made available for more hospitals to be empanelled in UP. Applications for this will also be accepted from May 15. In a crucial change in the scheme, the government will now also seek more detailed information about hospitals, including their bed capacity and specialisation status. With a new software in place, hospitals will also be able to directly send beneficiary details to the insurance companies and the state government, simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091359", "title": "Bride gets Rs 2L award for demanding toilet facilities", "text": "VARANASI: A bold step by a bride will fetch her reward of Rs 2 lakh. She revolted against the absence of a toilet at her in-law's place in Maharajganj district of eastern UP. She ran away from her 'sasural' within three days of her 'gauna' with the condition that she would return only when there was be a toilet at the house.\"It is disturbing for me that the house of my in-laws lacks a toilet. I returned to my parents' house and asked my husband to build a toilet if they wanted me back,\" Priyanka, the bride, told TOI over phone on Thursday. A student of Class 11, Priyanka, a scheduled caste native of Kanchanpur Kuiya village in Maharajganj district, was married to Amarjeet Kumar of Bishnupur Khurd in Partabal block of the same district on May 2, 2007. But for the first time she visited her in-laws' place only after 'gauna' on April 13, 2012.She, however, ran away to her parents house due to lack of toilet facility at in-laws' house. \"I was forced to go for open defecation so I decided to return to my father's house. I will not go there until they construct a toilet,\" she made her intentions clear. Priyanka's father lives and works in Saudi while her in-laws are small-time farmers.Hailing her as a revolutionary of a different kind, low-cost sanitation NGO Sulabh International has decided to reward her with Rs 2 lakh in cash besides getting a modern toilet with bathroom constructed at her new home. \"We salute her bold stand on cleanliness and hygiene,\" said Dr Bindeshwar Pathak, the founder of Sulabh International. The award would act as an inspiration for others to follow, he said.According to him, Sulabh is going to construct a modern toilet for her so that she can return to her in-laws' place as soon as possible. Priyanka has acted as an inspiration for others to follow in the country, where more than half of its population still defecates in the open.\"By revolting against non-availability of toilet facility, this rural woman has done a revolutionary act in India where more than 660 million people still defecate in the open, leading to serious diseases,\" said Pathak adding that Priyanka would be honoured in an award ceremony in New Delhi sometime next month.Pathak had also awarded Rs. 5 lakh to a tribal woman Anita Narre, who revolted against her-laws for lack of toilet in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh. According to him, Anita was even invited by the President of India Pratibha Patil and Union Minister for Rural development Jairam Ramesh , who honoured her for her boldness for a social cause.Pathak said such cases would give a fillip to his ongoing Sulabh movement in the country. According him, lack of proper sanitation facilities in most parts of rural areas in India was still a grave problem, particularly for women. Women suffer the most. They suffer silently. They have to wait patiently for darkness for the sake of privacy while attending to the call of nature. Since he established the Sulabh Sanitation Movement around four decades ago, he worked to change social attitudes toward traditional unsanitary latrine practices in slums, rural villages, and dense urban districts, and developed cost effective toilet systems that have improved daily life and health for millions of people.He has also waged a campaign to abolish the traditional practice of manual \"scavenging\" of human waste from bucket latrines in India while championing the rights of former scavengers and their families to economic opportunity, decent standards of living and social dignity. Sulabh has so far built toilets for 10 million people in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13087537", "title": "Churchill will not quit Congress: Brar", "text": "MARGAO: In his long political career, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao has been known to arm twist the Congress. Now, his threat to quit Congress got his name added to the list of potential party candidates for the Cortalim bypoll.Stating on Thursday that differences of opinion within Congress were harming the party, All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary and in charge of Goa desk Jagmeet Singh Brar and AICC secretary SP Reddy categorically stated that Alemao would not leave the party and added that he could be an aspirant for the party ticket for the Cortalim byelection.Alemao, speaking to TOI on Wednesday, had made known his intentions of leaving Congress and exploring the possibility of contesting the elections and joining the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP).\"Churchill Alemao is part of the Congress and will not leave the party,\" Brar said on the sidelines of a meeting with Cortalim party workers at Kesarval.State Congress president Subash Shirokar also said Alemao would not leave the party but feigned ignorance when asked to comment on the former minister's plans to contest the Cortalim byelection.Reddy and Brar stated they had met Alemao late Wednesday night and had convinced the Alemao family not to leave the party. Reddy also spoke on how Yuri Alemao would not leave the Congress alliance. \"There were a few wrong statements made by others in the party and this hurt and upset Churchill Alemao which led to his outburst,\" Brar said, while stating that the statements made by Alemao to the media were not in order.Asked if Alemao was to be the Congress candidate for Cortalim given his recent statements, Brar said. \"He has not sent his application yet or expressed his desire. If he wants he can apply, if he does he will be considered and the high command will take the final call,\" Brar said, adding, \"If Congress gives him the ticket, he will be a formidable candidate.\"Brar, however, chose to remind Alemao how the party had supported his ambitions in the past and said, \"He was given four tickets. Party tickets were also given to Valanka and Joaquim and they are indebted to the party.\"Asked to comment on 'family raj', Brar said BJP had exploited the issue during the election campaign but had no moral right to talk of family raj given the composition of the Manohar Parrikar led cabinet.Reddy further played down speculation that by fielding a defeated candidate Congress had not learnt any lessons and said this was a new election, with different factors and a changed scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "13091361", "title": "It takes only wings of knowledge to fly high", "text": "RAMGARH: Bell rang and hundreds of differently-abled boys and girls in school uniform queued up with their plates for the afternoon meal. These are not students of government school enjoying midday meal scheme, instead they are from one of the privately managed schools run for exclusively for differently-abled children in particular.Most of these students have dreams of flying high with the wings of education because even if they are physically challenged they have normal analytical brain like others, desiring to become doctors, engineers and even scientist.Every child in this boarding school in Ramgarh dreams of becoming a doctor, teacher or engineer. The school is unique in the way that every teaching staff member including the principal is differently abled.Principal, Shankar Lal Mahtha cannot stand on his legs, he is polio afflicted, but he has dedicated his life to the cause of education. The Rajrappa Handicapped School in Sukrigada village of Ramgarh district, with its 150 students in Classes I to X, has become an inspiration for the physically and mentally challenged people. Every morning, the school is abuzz with the chorus of students, some of whom are paraplegic and many others who lost their limbs in accidents. A polio patient, Anita Kuamar, a student has been there for the last eight years. Her parents died when she was just two. At the age of three she was afflicted with polio, but the school has helped keep her spirits intact. \"I want to become a teacher to serve handicapped people back in my village,\" she told said.Principal said school provides free education including clothes, books, medicines and food free of cost. \"We do not charge any kind of fees from students as all differently-abled teachers serving in the school also do not charge salary,\" Mahtha said.Mahtha said a number of companies like Central Coal Fields Limited, industrialists and traders have come forward to help these children in school. \"Recently a Jindal Steel &amp; Power Limited (JSPL) official came here to celebrate birth day of their managing director Naveen Jindal and distributed sweets and served meal among the students,\" Mahtha said. Officials of Punjab and Shikh Regimental Centre also come to help the students.The staff members are physically challenged too. But that does not stop them from buying cereals and vegetables, cooking food and everything else required to keep the school running.The Rajrappa school, located 10 km from district headquarters, was started way back in 1997 by a group of four disabled people with just eight students. Students from Bokaro, Ranchi, Hazaribagh, Jamshedpur and other districts come to study here now.It was the brainchild of Bhuneshwar Mahto and Deodhar Karmali. Mahto was working with a private security firm in Ranchi. In 1983 Mahato lost his right leg in an accident. \"I could feel the burden on my family members. I had to depend on others for everything and used to be very depressed,\" said Mahto.But things changed when he met another disabled person, Deodhar Karmali, who too had lost his legs in an accident. In 1987, they approached government officials for handicapped certificates that are helpful in getting reservation in jobs but when refused they decided to go on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089008", "title": "Post offices to sell DU forms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aspirants can start applying for admission to Delhi University from June 4 to 18. For the first time, DU has decided to give out the centralized application forms online as well as over-the-counter. Though the university had discontinued the registration process last year as an experiment, the forms will make a comeback this year. While the online forms can be accessed on DU website, the physical forms will be available at post offices across the city instead of colleges this year. DU officials say there are likely to be 15-16 post offices where forms can be purchased and submitted. The cost of the form has also been doubled to Rs 100 this time.\"Besides the online forms, offline forms will be available at post offices this year. We thought it would be more comfortable for candidates as post offices exist in all zones. Candidates will be spared the trouble of commuting to colleges to get the forms. We also expect 30,000 to 40,000 aspirants outside the city to apply online,\" said dean of students' welfare, J M Khurana. He further said that admission-seekers will get more time to buy and submit the forms at post offices as compared to colleges. \"Post offices will sell and receive forms from 10am to 4pm. Forms at colleges were available only from 10am to 1pm. Doubling the time is almost like doubling the number of days,\" Khurana said. Also, no college will be allowed to give out its own application forms from this year. Admissions for SC/ST candidates as well as disabled candidates will be conducted by the university with no provision for applying online.Class XII results are likely to be declared in the last week of May following which DU will start organizing open days for guiding aspirants through the admission process. However, there is no special assistance likely to be available at the post offices to counsel candidates at the time of filling up or submitting the forms. \"People do not usually have much problem in filling up forms. In any case, we have our information centre where candidates can call with their queries. We will also conduct the open days though its schedule has not been worked out yet. One of the open days will also be recorded and uploaded on the website,\" said a DU official. At these open days, faculty and DU students give a presentation on courses and colleges while the faculty takes direct questions from the candidates.DU was considering three different proposals for reforms in undergraduate admissions this year. The decision to introduce online as well as offline forms at post offices was taken at a meeting of the standing committee on Thursday. DU had formed a hi-powered committee of college principals to chalk out a reform plan for admissions. There is no word yet on sports and extra-curricular admissions either though sports admissions are likely to be centralized this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089177", "title": "PIL seeks quashing of Andhra Pradesh high court judge\u2019s appointment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday agreed to hear a PIL seeking to quash the appointment of a sitting Andhra Pradesh high court Judge for allegedly suppressing information about pendency of a criminal case against him at the time of his elevation to the constitutional post.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai posted the PIL by one Manohar Reddy for further hearing on July 9 but said the relief sought by the petitioner was unprecedented.Senior advocates Shanti Bhushan and Ram Jethmalani said the facts of the case were also unprecedented and requested the court to initiate steps on the administrative side against Justice NV Ramana and convince him to quit the post.Reddy alleged that when Justice Ramana was a student of Nagarjuna University in Guntur in 1981, he was named as an accused in a case relating to rioting and disruption of public property in 1981. Two years later, when he enrolled as an advocate, he did not mention the pending criminal case against him despite a mandatory requirement.Police filed chargesheet against him in October 1983. During the meandering trial before a Guntur court, he was allegedly declared a proclaimed offender on May 8, 2000. A month later, he was appointed as a judge of Andhra Pradesh HC. On December 2, 2000, the trial court issued warrants against the HC judge, the petitioner said.The petitioner alleged that while on one hand the warrants went unanswered, on the other hand, the then TDP government sought to withdraw prosecution in the rioting case. On January 31, 2002, the case against the judge was closed.Bhushan said, \"If the case is withdrawn against a judge, what will the country feel. The courts have declared him an absconder and he is dispensing justice. It vitiates the entire consultation process for appointment of judges to the high court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13091939", "title": "Anindya Chatterjee turns singer", "text": "Anindya Chatterjee, lead vocalist of Chandrabindoo, is in Mumbai to record a jingle for a commercial, details of which he is unwilling to divulge right now.However, CT has learnt that the singer has been roped in to compose the lyrics of a jingle for the state government after its one-year run at the office. Anindya says, \"This government will be successfully completing one year on May 20, so I guess there will be an ad on this. I have been approached to write the lyrics, that's it. It goes like this, 'Ekta bochor bhorsa dilo....'.\" Buzz doing the rounds is that Anupam Roy has also composed a song to commemorate the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088548", "title": "Lights near Chennai airport flyover on the blink", "text": "CHENNAI: The flyover in front of the Chennai airport is in complete darkness. All the 10 high-mast lamps have been on the blink for the past six months and the only illumination is provided by vehicle headlights. Early on Thursday morning, P Vinod Kumar, a 27-year-old constable of the Saidapet police station, fractured his left hand after a tipper lorry hit his bike on the flyover and he was thrown to the ground.\"On an average, at least one accident is reported from the flyover everyday. An hour before Vinod Kumar got hurt, a tyre of a trailer lorry burst and we had a tough time warning motorists about the parked lorry. It took nearly four hours for the damaged tyre to be replaced,\" said a police officer.Almost all of the more than two lakh vehicles travelling from Guindy to Tambaram on the GST Road daily use the flyover before the airport because the road beneath it is a one-way stretch. \"Last week, a man and his daughter died after their bike hit the ramp of the flyover and they fell. How many lives should be lost before the lights are repaired and put to use?\" said V Somasundaram of Meenambakkam.A few months after the inauguration of the flyover on October 19, 2008, the high-mast lamps were installed. Street lights, it was felt, would distract incoming flights.Each high-mast lamp, costing about 30 lakh, has around 45 bulbs and can light 200 metres of space on the three-lane flyover and beneath it. A monthly rent of 20,000 is due to the TNEB for power to the lamps. The NHAI has not paid the electricity charges for nearly a year but the TNEB has not disconnected the supply considering the importance of the location, sources in the TNEB said. \"Most of the bulbs on these lamps need to be replaced. The NHAI should either repair the lamps or hand over the task to the state highways department, which maintains the Kathipara-Irumbuliyur stretch of GST Road (except the flyovers on it),\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13093667", "title": "Vishaal Hegde turns an entrepreneur", "text": "The Ganda Hendathi Boyfriend actor has opened an ayurvedic spa in BangaloreVishaal Hegde, who is popular for his role in Ganda Hendathi Boyfriend, the Kannada remake of Murder, has taken on a new role. No, this isn't a new film that we're talking about. Vishaal has turned an entrepreneur as he has opened a spa in Chandra Layout in Bangalore.Vishaal has always harboured entrerpreneural dreams. He took up acting because he was passionate about the art. Vishaal is extremely delighted that he got to open this spa in the midst of some of his closest friends and people from the Kannada film industry that he respects. In fact, his idol, Kannada star Shivarajkumar, was the one who launched the spa, as his friends and family cheered him on at the opening event.Vishaal is currently awaiting the release of a period film in Kannada and is looking forward to branching out into other film industries as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13087420", "title": "DM locks up National Voluntary Force worker in bathroom", "text": "MALDA: A woman National Voluntary Force (NVF) volunteer has brought charges of physical and mental abuse against the Malda district magistrate, to whose bungalow she was assigned. Though DM Archana wasn't available for comment, district superintendent of police Jayanta Pal confirmed that he has received the complaint.Parbati Halder, 42, got the job in the NVF recently after her husband Nitya Gopal Halder died in harness. For the past few days, she was posted to the DM's bungalow. On Wednesday evening, Parbati left the DM's bungalow in a state of shock. She went directly to the NVF office and complained that she had been locked in a bathroom in the bungalow by the DM for nearly four hours after she failed to adjust the air-conditioner in the DM's bedroom. Later in the evening, she was admitted to the Malda Medical College and Hospital with breathing trouble.NVF major Juran Chandra Roy lodged a complaint with the police in the meanwhile.\"I cannot take any action on this complaint. I shall send it to the appropriate authorities for necessary action,\" the SP said.Parbati claimed that she and another NVF volunteer posted to the bungalow were subjected to physical and mental abuse by the DM. She claimed that she was made to do household chores and hauled up for trivial issues.\"Matters came to a head around 2pm on Wednesday when madam asked me to adjust the AC in her bedroom. I don't know anything about ACs and could not do it. Madam got angry, dragged me to the bathroom and locked me up there for four hours. I cried and apologized but she wouldn't pay any heed,\" the woman said from hospital.Parbati is a mother of three children. One of her sons is an engineering student. \"I joined this service only in April. I was made to work like a domestic help in the bungalow. If there was any lapse on my part, I was severely abused,\" she added.Out of 372 NVF workers in Malda, 10 are women. Four of them are assigned to the DM's bungalow. Parbati claimed that all of them are subjected to similar torture and has expressed her desire to be posted elsewhere.Ruidas Biswas of the NVF Association said that similar complaints against the DM have been raised by others. \"We demand a proper inquiry. We should not be made to work as domestic helps,\" he said.The DM couldn't be contacted. She refused to take calls or meet journalists when they went to her bungalow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088767", "title": "Aarushi murder: Supreme Court should not interfere in summoning Talwars, CBI says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The apex court on Thursday sought to know from the CBI what evidence made the trial court come to the conclusion that Aarushi's private parts were cleaned after the murder.During the arguments on Nupur Talwar's petition seeking review of the apex court's January 6 judgment asking her to face trial for her daughter's murder along with Rajesh Talwar, a bench of Justices AK Patnaik and JS Khehar asked senior advocate Siddharth Luthra to show on Friday the evidence that could have led to such an inference from the magistrate.Before facing this question from the bench at the conclusion of Thursday's arguments, Luthra argued for the CBI and pleaded with the SC not to interfere at the preliminary stage of trial in the double murder case just because the magistrate had summoned Aarushi's parents as accused.\"Let us not proceed on a premise that the magistrate did not have the benefit of perusing the entire documents submitted by the CBI along with the closure report. This is not the stage which warrants interference by the apex court. The questions asked by the petitioner could be addressed at the stage of framing of charges where the trial court weighs the evidence,\" Luthra said.The court wanted to know from CBI whether there were prior instances where a trial court had rejected a closure report and issued summons to persons to face trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13091375", "title": "Chet Singh Ghat needs govt's attention", "text": "VARANASI: Broken stone-plates and dilapidated cemented structures greet you when you pass across stairs of historical Chet Singh Ghat, located in the southern part of the city. The stepped up embankments have become a risky place for taking a holy dip in the Ganga. Perhaps this was the reason why only a few persons were spotted when TOI visited the ghat on Wednesday.The historical ghat wears a deserted look in the morning and pathetic sanitary conditions at adjacent ghats, including Shivala and Niranjani, only add to its filth, hardly attracting any visitors to a fort there.The Shivala Ghat continuously witnesses discharge of domestic sewage, released from buildings set up along the ghats and some of its broken stairs have already immersed in the Ganga. Usually, people do not take a holy dip at the ghat as it is considered unsafe for bathing due to its unpredictable slope. The stairs are also not marked properly, making it a risky affair for visitors.A number of people taking bath at the ghat have lost their lives, while some have a miraculous escape, said Rajesh Sahni, a local boatman.Iron grills installed along the stone platforms to prevent people from going to the dangerous spots were found to be corroded with holes. Most of the iron rods were missing , allowing visitors to go to the dangerous slope near the embankments. Cemented embankments had collapsed at many points and cavities and crevices brought by the receding river were also evident.According to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, renovation of a total of seven prominent ghats, excluding the Rajghat, was completed under a project 'Revitalization of Varanasi' in 2008-09. It included ghats like Dasaswamedh, Lalita, Scindia, Panch Ganga, Rana Mahal and Harischandra Ghat. Renovation of Chet Singh Ghat was not a part of the project, he added.While the ghat wore a ragged look, lighting arrangements there also raised many an eyebrow. The highmast lamps, which were erected to illuminate the premises, were non-functional and were awaiting replacement. These lamps illuminated the area only for a fortnight after their installation and since then they have been awaiting replacement, added Vinod Majhi, another local native.Chet Singh Ghat Has glorious pastChet Singh, whom the British appointed as Raja of Banaras in 1776, lived in the fort that stands at the ghat. The fort was called 'Shivala', giving the ghat its name. But Chet Singh was no subservient Raja and by refusing to comply with Warren Hastings' demand for a 1500-strong troop to help him in battle against Hyder AIi, Chet Singh earned the Governor-General's ire. Subsequently, his fort was besieged and his title taken away. Chet Singh retired to Gwalior where he died in 1810. A portion of this ghat is assigned to a religious sect called the Gossains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13091659", "title": "Coffee bars, lounges favourite among youth in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Gone are the days when young Indoreans thronged Meghdoot Garden everyday and could be seen content while sitting, chatting and eating sev parmal in the park. Now the pub culture has camouflaged recreational parks in the city and the idea of coffee bars and lounge has no more remained restricted to the metropolitan cities.Spending time in parks, a culture which Indore once proudly cherished is slowly being trampled by the new band of youngsters eager to get a bite of that extra excitement that the city has to offer. And with lounge bars offering exquisite cuisines and exciting ambience, Indore's populace is retiring to the mellow music and soft lights that lounges offer.Priyenk Mahajan, a student of EMRC believes, \"With numerous pubs coming up in the city, I hardly go to parks, that too with my family. What I like about cafes is the soothing ambience with soft music which makes it a perfect hang-out spot with friends.\"With the advent of this popular culture in the city, cafes, lounges, gaming zones and discotheques have turned into favourite hangout spots for the younger generation. Erratic college timings and coaching classes also force youngsters to visit the nearest eateries and coffee shops.Tanvi Gorey, a student of architecture, considers hectic college schedule as the major reason for not being able to visit parks in the city. \"Parks get shut too early and before that we hardly get time to go to parks and have fun. Also, Indore needs better recreational parks which are not too far. Going to Regional Park every day is not possible for me and my friends.\" she says.Gaming zones in the city too encounter a lot of student crowd in the city. \"Maximum chunk of college and school students come to play snooker, air hockey, pool and do bowling,\" says Kunal Nardelwar, manager, Games and More, Indore.\"I love playing pool. And with friends, we go to places like F123 to spend time and chill,\" says Jitendra Kankani who also has membership of several gaming zones in the city.It seems that following this new wave of 'chilling' among youngsters has also become a question of status. Pranay Jain, a student of Prestige Institute of Management says, \"With significant improvement in the lifestyle in Indore, people are no longer driven towards parks. Going to coffee shops and partying has become a matter of status symbol.\"However, there are still some students in the city who opine that pub culture has become monotonous and there are no 'fun' places left in the city. People seem to be in need of a natural spot where one isn't bound to order for food and can enjoy pleasant weather.\"I have become bored of cafes and eating joints in the city. I would prefer parks to hang out with my friends where we can sit, talk and not bother about ordering food to eat,\" says Sakshi Somani, B Com student.Neha Shah too believes that there is a need to develop more parks in the city where students can relax after college and coaching classes. \"Sometimes, we need a place where we can just sit and talk to our friends,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13091891", "title": "Slumdwellers oppose eviction drive", "text": "HUBLI: Siddrameshwar Nagar slum residents struggle committee has urged the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation to withdraw its decision to evacuate the residents of the slum area near Unkal. Committee advisor and Socialist Unity Centre of India district secretary Ramanjanappa Aldalli told the media here on Thursday that the corporation has suggested an alternate place for the residents near Amargol which has no basic amenities. He came down heavily on the corporation for showing no concern towards the people who have been residing there since 1970.\"The corporation passed a resolution in the recent general body meeting and selected an alternate place near Amargol without taking the residents into confidence. The move is against the order passed by the corporation in 1995-96 against evacuating the people of the slum. A proposal was also sent by the then corporation authorities to the slum development board to improve facilities at the slum,\" he said and threatened to intensify their agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13088534", "title": "Bank manager held for loan fraud", "text": "COIMBATORE: A manager of Indian Bank's Vadapalani branch was arrested in Coimbatore on Thursday by the city crime branch police on charges of financial fraud. Police said the bank officer and his accomplices appropriated around 3 crore from 71 people in the city and suburban areas.Police said C Murali (57) was manager of the Puliyakulam branch of Indian Bank in Coimbatore during 2003-05. During this time, he became acquainted with building contractors Tenston Raja, Venkatachalam, auditor Periyasamy and a woman Vasantha. They promised government employees housing loans in a short time and collected salary slips and other documents in this regard.Then they forged the documents. The bank manager allegedly granted housing loans within a day. He received 71 housing loan applications from 71 persons including 58 government employees and promised them that they would construct new houses for them after getting the loan amount. Thirteen persons who were with non-government jobs posed as the government employees and the contractors and the manager created fake documents for the 13 persons and got the loans granted.Tenston Raja and Murali allegedly took a major portion of the housing loans and gave pittance to the applicants. Likewise, they made kickbacks of Rs 3 crore. Later, the financial fraud was found out by other officials and they lodged a complaint against the manager in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087724", "title": "Cops beaten while probing accident", "text": "PANAJI: Two constables who had gone to look into an accident case near Kala Academy on Wednesday night were abused and assaulted by three youths.Panaji police said that between 11.25pm of May 9 and 12.25am of May 10, three accused persons-Shona Sardessai, 21, Preeti Bhudaraja, 30, and Douglas Gracias, 20, with common intension assaulted and abused the complainant head constable Nhanu Thakur and constable Yeshwant Harmalkar attached to Robin -1 vehicle while discharging their lawful duties near Kala Academy. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089212", "title": "Prospect of Lokpal Bill brightens as Centre, opposition hold fresh talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prospects of the Lokpal bill may have brightened, with government opening serious negotiations with the opposition and displaying a readiness to drop the contentious Lokayukta provision objected to by most parties.The government's preparedness to get rid of the prescriptive Lokayukta clause that dictated the nature of the state-level anti-corruption ombudsman along with changes in the appointment and removal procedures for Lokpal and clearer provisions on superintendence of CBI may make the bill more palatable.Despite encouraging responses, government sources were cautious as they said parties suggested numerous amendments and consultations would take longer. While BJP and CPM leaders were spoken to on Thursday, more discussions will follow on Friday as the government looks to pass the legislation before the budget session concludes on May 22.Fresh talks between government and Opposition reflects a keenness - with the Congress leadership's nudge - that the legislation be passed. While the Centre hopes to remove the perception that it was reluctant to legislate Lokpal, the Opposition feels the government's eagerness could make it amenable to amendments it has proposed.The Centre seems ready to drop the Lokayukta provision from Lokpal bill, a major demand from the opposition that labeled it an infringement of the states' jurisdiction. Indications to this effect were given in the discussions that ministers Kapil Sibal, V Narayansamy, Salman Khurshid and Pawan Bansal had with Opposition parties. The ministers met leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and CPM leader Sitaram Yechury, sources said.A wide coalition of opposition parties - comprising BJP, Left and other regional parties, including Congress allies Trinamool and DMK - had demanded that the chapter on Lokayukta that set out the composition of the state-level ombudsman be dropped altogether. The demand was repeated that the Centre should have no role in the appointment of Lokayuktas.The Opposition is insisting that Lokpal should supervise the investigation of cases it refers to CBI. Also, NGOs which receive government aid should be within the purview of Lokpal. The Left has demanded that private sector too be put under the anti-graft ombudsman.Parties have also called for making more democratic the appointment and removal of Lokpal, a point that the Centre appeared inclined to consider. The opposition sought Parliament be given a say in the removal of Lokpal.Sources said the government would aim to get the bill through the upper House where it was pending after being cleared by the lower House in December. A senior minister said it may not be possible to bring the Bill back to Lok Sabha.The lower house would have to assent the legislation again since the amendments in upper house would alter the original draft cleared by the former. It would also require Cabinet clearance but that can be done post-facto.While Congress has all along claimed that Lokpal had no effect on the political situation, the recent defeats in the state it was expected to win like in Punjab and the slender win in Uttarakhand has alerted the party to the need to close the issue once and for all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13088141", "title": "HC summons DGP over missing persons\u2019 case", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court on Thursday summoned the DGP and additional DGP (crime) to appear in person and explain the lacunae in the investigation in the cases of missing persons. The court was peeved at the fact that the investigating officers were not provided with any assistance by their seniors and by the time a missing person is traced, they are either dead or have undergone irreparable suffering. As per official records, there are 6,000 persons missing for the past eight years in the state.The order came on a habeas corpus petition filed by one Teeja Devi. As per the facts of the case, a girl was missing for the past six months from Sikar district and the person with whom she is said to have fled away was a school teacher.It was brought to the notice of the court by the investigating officer of the case that the accused is a 'clever' person who manages to get jobs in private schools and when the school management insists for his academic and other records he leaves the job. His cellphone number is also not traceable as the same has not been in operation after the incident.The bench comprising Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Meena V Gomber took a serious note of the fact that there is no special investigation unit or team to look into such matters.\"We are surprised that we have time and again cautioned the public prosecutors to ask the police authorities to see that if a special cell can be created to promptly and efficiently investigate cases of missing persons, and there are uncountable number of habeas corpus petitions coming day in and day out seeking search and production of such missing persons,\" observed Justice Singh.\"It pains us to know that in the present case a girl is missing for last six months and her sufferings and pains cannot be measured. We feel either she has been killed or put to sexual abuse or human trafficking, but the police shows no extra efforts to unearth the realities. The SP concerned seeks only progress report and feels no professional bondage to guide his subordinates over such sensitive matters. The procedure needs revamping,\" observed the bench.It also came up in the investigation that the missing girl had a few days of acquaintance with the accused.\"It is clear that there cannot be any intention of marriage. Probably the girl has been disposed off after sexual assault. It is required that there should be a hierarchy of investigation and response team in case of missing person investigation at district, range and state levels as also such a case should be immediately addressed so that the detainees can be freed immediately and without loss of time,\" said Justice Singh.The bench, while summoning DGP, additional DG (crime), IG of various ranges and SP Sikar Saurabh Shrivastav to appear in person on May 19, directed in its order regarding missing persons that, \"In most of these cases there is hardly any supervision by the senior officials and in most of the pending case detenue remains untraced for years. The copy of order be sent to DGP with immediate effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089681", "title": "UNDP development report biased: India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has taken exception to the `biases' in the United Nations Development Programme's (UNDP) Asia Pacific Human Development report, titled, One Planet, which was released on Thursday.UNDP, required to play a neutral role in international governance, has recommended that India and other countries in the Asia Pacific region take greater responsibility to reduce emissions and warned that 'inclusive growth' would increase emissions, a trade-off that India cannot afford.Pointing out that UNDP had not even consulted the government on the draft report, an environment and forests ministry official said, \"It pits the issue of growth against environment which is not a correct framework for analysis. The very title of the report is objectionable. It suggests that cleaning up first, and growing up later should be the option. This is like putting the logic on its head.\"Sources in the ministry said that the government would write to UNDP shortly, raising its concerns about the `biased' report.The report plays down the issues of equity and historical emissions, while suggesting that future emissions from developing countries would cause harm. \"The report is silent on the principle of equity. It only says that developed countries are taking adequate steps to reduce carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutral production and consumption. Our experience with the Kyoto Protocol and low-level of pledges made in Cancun do not support this view,\" the environment ministry responded.Earlier, miffed with other UN agencies like the UN Environment Programme (UNEP), India had demanded that such documents should not be used as basis of climate negotiations as suggested by the European Union and its allies, the small island states. India was irked by UNEP's report on emission reduction and its participation in a US-backed coalition of select countries to reduce short-lived greenhouse gas emissions that shifts the onus to act on developing nations.The UNDP report recommends that India take emission reductions beyond the point where such cuts come out of energy security measures, implying costlier methods.In a pre-release meeting with media, UNDP officials and team leader, Anuradha Rajivan, had defended the report on various counts, and claimed that the UN body had consulted the government on it.However, ministry officials told TOI that only a final version of the copy had been provided at the last moment breaking the tradition where UN organizations share draft reports relevant to the country. In 2007 too, the deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia had slammed the UNDP report on climate change for taking a similar partisan position, creating ripples in the UN body.\"While it does recognize the historical responsibility of the developed countries in the region, it seeks to put the blame for damaging the environment in future on the fast growing economies in the region like India and China. Their rising emissions and increasing economic growth are mentioned as the possible sources of trouble. This is clearly unacceptable. Growth is essential to eradicate poverty and enhance the adaptive capacity,\" ministry officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13094325", "title": "Ambedkar cartoon rocks Parliament, Sibal apologises", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cartoon on Dalit icon B R Ambedkar printed in an NCERT textbook set off a storm in both houses of Parliament on Friday, with some members saying it was insulting and should be withdrawn.The issue led to both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha being adjourned repeatedly.Seeking to put a lid over the row, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said he has asked the NCERT to remove the offending picture and stop distribution of the textbooks.Making a statement in the Lok Sabha, Sibal said he had written to the NCERT in April asking it to withdraw the offending cartoon from the Political Science textbook of Class XI. Sibal said distribution of these textbooks has been stopped and a review has been ordered not just of the cartoons but also of the content of the textbooks. Next year we will remove all such contents from the textbooks, Sibal said.Sibal was even forced to apologise in the Lok Sabha over the issue. \"Even though I was not the minister (when the cartoon was published in 2006), I apologise,\" said Kapil Sibal.Kapil Sibal also made a statement in the Rajta Sabha. \"The cartoon on Ambedkar was objectionable; concrete steps will be taken to ensure such things are not repeated,\" he said.The uproar in the Lok Sabha began soon after the house met in the morning.The issue of the cartoon, which also features Jawaharlal Nehru and was published in the textbook for Class 11, was raised by Thol. Thirumavalavan of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal, a Tamil Nadu-based party.He was supported by members cutting across party lines.As the house met for the day, Thirumavalavan raised a placard highlighting the issue and walked towards Speaker Meira Kumar's podium.The Speaker had called for the scheduled question hour to be taken up, and asked Thirumavalavan to return to his seat, promising she would allow him time to raise the issue later.Thirumavalavan told the House that the cartoon was \"insulting to Ambedkar, Nehru and the whole nation\".He wanted the book withdrawn immediately and human resource development minister Kapil Sibal to come to the House and make a statement on it. At one point, an agitated Thirumavalavan sought the resignation of Sibal over the issue.Leader of House Pranab Mukherjee, responding to the issue, said the printing of the cartoon in the textbook was \"totally wrong\" and that he \"entirely\" agreed with the sentiments of all sections of the House.He said it would not have been possible for the Constitution to be ready in the short span of three years without the tireless work of Ambedkar.Mukherjee,in his statement, also promised the House that he would ask Sibal to make a statement in the house on the issue.However, the trouble continued in the house, forcing Speaker Meira Kumar to adjourn the house first till noon and later till 2pm.The cartoon in the textbook had triggered protests in Tamil Nadu on Thursday. The cartoon, by renowned cartoonist Shankar, depicts Nehru, with a whip in his hand, chasing Ambedkar, who is seated on a snail. In the cartoon, Nehru is asking Ambedkar to speed up the work on the Constitution.In the Rajya Sabha, members of the Bahujan Samaj Party raised the pitch over the cartoon row, calling it an \"intolerable insult\" to their icon.Halfway through the question hour, as Kapil Sibal rose to answer a question in the Rajya Sabha, BSP member Brajesh Pathak raised the issue, displaying a copy of the cartoon.Sibal at the time offered to issue a clarification. But BSP members rushed towards Chairman Hamid Ansari's chair, forcing him to adjourn the House first for 15 minutes. When the House met again, uproarious scenes continued, resulting in the second adjournment till noon.But the situation was no different when the proceedings resumed, with BSP members marching towards the chairman's podium and raising slogans that called the government \"anti-Dalit\".They were joined by Rashtriya Janata Dal's Ram Kripal Yadav.With MPs cutting across party lines expressing anger over the cartoon, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, who was in the chair then, adjourned the house till 2.30pm.Outside the house, Communist Party of India member D Raja, who had given a notice to raise the issue in the zero hour, expressed surprise over the cartoon finding a place in the book and not coming to the notice of the government for long.\"It (the cartoon) is being published in this book since 2006,\" Raja told IANS.He also said that the HRD minister has assured that the cartoon will be taken out of the book.RJD leader Ramkripal Yadav, however, said they were not satisfied with the minister's assurance.\"Not only did this cartoon continue to be published for so long, the minister is still saying it will be removed, we want immediate action,\" Yadav told IANS.A livid BSP supremo Mayawati said the matter was \"serious\" and that the cartoon will not be \"tolerated\".She demanded an immediate probe to fix responsibility and strong action against those responsible for printing the cartoon in the textbook issued by the National Centre for Educational Research and Training (NCERT).LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan also slammed the publication as \"highly deplorable\".He said that those who have made this kind of cartoon and also those who endorsed it should not only be suspended but should be booked under the SC/ST act.Wondering how can such objectionable material creep into NCERT books, a visibly angry Paswan said, \"NCERT should be closed down.\"(Inputs from PTI and IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088759", "title": "Two held for selling fake gold biscuits outside Jama Masjid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two contractors were arrested from outside Jama Masjid in central Delhi for allegedly trying to sell fake gold biscuits. The accused, Vinod Kumar, 30 and Mohammad Mustafa, 35, were nabbed on Wednesday after they returned to the mosque to allegedly sell gold biscuits to a victim, Mohd Ashu, who had already bought one, police said.\"Police patrolling the area heard Ashu shouting for help. Cops managed to overpower the accused,\" Devesh Srivastava, additional commissioner of police (central), said. Ashu told police that on Wednesday the duo approached him to buy gold biscuits.They allegedly told him they had 10 gold biscuits and wanted to sell them. Ashu bought one for Rs 2,000 and assured them he will purchase the other biscuits too after arranging for money in evening. Ashu became suspicious and got a goldsmith to verify the authenticity of the biscuit only to be told it was fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13089527", "title": "Goregaon rally to hold Income Tax", "text": "MUMBAI: Goregaon Sports Club rallied to hold Income Tax to a 1-1 draw in a well-contested Super Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) league, played at the St Xavier's ground, Parel on Wednesday .Income Tax took the lead through Vicky Rao's strike in the 32nd minute. But the Goregaon outfit fought back and managed to score the equalizer through Cletus Paulin the56th minute. SBI drew 2-2 with Byculla United in another game.PIFA win zonal final:Mumbai outfit PIFA Colaba FC continued their winning streak as they went on to clinch the top honours in the South and West Zone leg of the MUPC 2012 final. They defeated fancied Salgaocar FC, Goa by a 3-0 margin, at SESA Football Academy, Goa. The goal scorers for PIFA were Kshitij, who netted a brace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13087597", "title": "After CBI squeeze, govt stops ads to Sakshi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jagan's media empire received another jolt on Thursday with the Kiran Kumar Reddy government stopping release of all government advertisements and notifications to Sakshi newspaper and TV with immediate effect. The development comes a day after the CBI got the bank accounts of the media house frozen on the grounds that these entities were created with the \"ill-gotten proceeds of crime,\" a move that has been challenged in the court by the Jagan companies.A GO issued on Thursday, but dated May 9, said the decision was taken after the CBI filed the chargesheet (Rc. No: 19 (A/2011) against Jagati Publications on March 31, 2012, in the Jagan assets case. The GO said: \"government, after careful examination of the matter, in public interest, has decided to withhold releasing advertisements, notifications, etc, with immediate effect by all state government departments/agencies, public sector undertakings, corporations/organizations to Sakshi newspaper and TV till the charges are cleared.\"While Sakshi newspaper was launched on March 23, 2008, Sakshi TV went on air on March 1, 2009. According to sources, of the total state government budget of about Rs 200 crore for the print media for the years 2008-11, the lion's share of over Rs 101.63 crore (over 50%) was allotted to Sakshi newspaper. Similarly, of the nearly Rs 40 crore ads for the electronic media in the last three years, Sakshi TV got advertisements of over Rs 17 crore. \"Clearly, the two Sakshi media received undue preferential treatment during the YSR era and a little after that,\" said Information &amp; Public Relations sources.Apart from the advertisements released by the I&PR; department, Sakshi newspaper and TV received ads from various other state agencies like APSRTC, APTransco, AP Genco, Singareni Collieries, Irrigation, Roads and Buildings, Excise and Police departments etc., altogether netting a revenue of over Rs 300 crore to the Sakshi group over the last 4 years, sources claimed. All these advertisements too are off bounds for the Jagan media now.As a follow-up action to the ban on advertisements to the Sakshi group, the CBI on Thursday seized 46 important files relating to ads and funds released in favour of Jagati Publications and Indira Television from the I&PR; department office at Masab Tank. CBI sources hinted that some I&PR; officials, both serving and former, could be arrested by the investigating agency as part of the probe.Meanwhile, the YSR Congress Party condemned the ad ban imposed on Sakshi newspaper and TV. \"This is the most heinous act and tantamount to stifling media and press freedom. This is a concerted action undertaken by CBI and the state government,\" the party said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089381", "title": "Govt denies US pressure on oil import from Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is not under any pressure from the US on import of oil from Iran, the government said on Thursday assuring the Lok Sabha that it only respected sanctions imposed by the UN and not from any block of nations.Petroleum and natural gas minister S Jaipal Reddy said during question hour that there was no pressure from US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton during her recent visit here that India should not import oil from Iran. He was responding to a question asking why India was reducing its oil imports form Iran.\"Government of India is perfectly free to take a decision (on this issue)....We do not take note of sanctions by other countries,\" Reddy said. He assured the House that India's sovereignty will never be compromised on the issue of importing oil from Iran. \"So far as our sovereignty is concerned, we can assure that we will never allow any pressure,\" the minister said.To another question, he maintained that India has been importing oil from Iran and will continue to do so. \"There will be less oil or more oil imported from Iran depending on demand. The oil companies will decide that. These things are not monitored by the government but by the companies,\" he said.Clinton had suggested that India should minimize oil import from Iran to put pressure on that country to curb its nuclear programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13087842", "title": "Octroi department seizes goods worth 53 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The octroi department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has seized goods worth Rs 53 lakh. This includes goods worth Rs 9 lakh which were to be sent outside Pimpri Chinchwad.After receiving a tip-off, B A Kudale, chief of flying squad, octroi department, along with other employees, stopped the vehicle near Rose garden in Nehrunagar area, Pimpri.Of the Rs 53-lakh worth goods seized, goods worth Rs 49 lakh were to be supplied to 68 importers in the city. The octroi evaded was Rs 1.42 lakh.The department charges fine 10 times of the evaded octroi. Notices have been sent to the 68 importers to pay Rs 15.65 lakh, which includes evaded octroi and fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13089131", "title": "Lioness dies at zoo", "text": "LUCKNOW: The hybrid lioness at the city zoo died due to age-related complications on Thursday. The lioness, named Baby, was more than 17-year-old and lived most of her expected life span of 18-20 years. Director Lucknow Zoological Gardens, Renu Singh said, \"The body of the lioness was burnt with the skin after its post-mortem which revealed that Baby died a natural death.\" Keeper, Mubaraq Ali, said that Baby was calm in nature. \"She was very friendly since the beginning. She was brought to the Lucknow Zoo after being rescued from the forest in Uttrakhand,\" he said adding that he would miss Baby.Baby was one of the three hybrid lions at the Lucknow zoo. The other two are Prince and Shubhangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "13088269", "title": "Work begins on expressway's Rajokari-Palam service road", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: Over five years after the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway became operational the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has now started constructing the much-needed service road between Rajokari and RTR-Palam crossing. Once the service road is built, it is likely to reduce congestion on the main expressway.The highway authority swung into action after the parliamentary Committee on Public Undertakings (COPU) pulled up the agency for its failure to provide a service road all along the expressway. The committee had highlighted how the missing patches of service roads has been forcing commuters, particularly the ones on two- and three-wheelers besides all slow moving vehicles, to take the main carriageway.The committee had also sought an action taken report (ATR) on this deficiency. Though the rest of 27.7-km expressway has a service road, the service road along this 3-4km stretch could not be built due to non-availability of land. The NHAI had claimed that it had waited long enough to get the required land from the Airport Authority of India (AAI).Now the highway authority has awarded this service road work to a private contractor and it is being undertaken as a cash contract project. \"We hope the work would be completed in 4-5 months. There have been reports of traffic slowing down between Rajokari flyover and RTR crossing during peak hours since the four-lane carriageway accommodates traffic coming from six lanes,\" said a senior NHAI %official.After completion of the service road, commuters heading towards Dwarka from Gurgaon side can take the new road and that would improve traffic flow on the main expressway.However, whether the segregation of slow-moving traffic and high-speed vehicles would become a reality remains unclear. This is because the traffic police in Delhi have not been enforcing the norm of not allowing slow-moving vehicles to enter the fast lanes. It's no different in Gurgaon, though the rules prohibit this.Recently, an expert committee of set up by NHAI had also pointed out how the authorities on both Gurgaon and Delhi sides have failed to improve the local road network along the expressway. It had found that service roads, wherever these are available, get choked with vehicles and even the tail-end spills over to the main carriageway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088476", "title": "HC restrains Mhada from selling 1% flats through lottery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday asked the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) not to put up all its flats for sale through lottery to be held on May 31, but to set aside 1% for the disabled. This is the second year that the HC has sent the order to the government agency. Currently, 2,593 flats are up for allotment.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by an NGO, India Centre for Human Rights and Law, stating that Mhada reserved only 2% against the required 3% of its flats for the disabled. The NGO's advocate, Kranti L C, argued that in 2010, the State Coordination Committee on Disability had directed Mhada to increase the quota from 2% to 3% but the agency was yet to comply. \"As they had not done it last year, the court had restrained the sale of 1% of its total flats. Similar direction should be passed this year,\" he said.Kranti also submitted that though the court had directed Mhada to rework its definition of disability to be inclusive of seven categories provided in the Persons with Disabilities Act, the agency have out flats to just two categories, blind and low vision.Deferring the hearing beyond vacation, the judges directed Mhada to amend its definition of disability as well not to draw lots for 1% of its total flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13092774", "title": "Convert Sarabjit's death penalty to life, Burney tells Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Leading rights activist Ansar Burney on Friday appealed to President Asif Ali Zardari to convert the death sentence of Indian national Sarabjit Singh , facing gallows on charges of involvement in bomb blasts in Pakistan , to life imprisonment on humanitarian grounds.Noting that Sarabjit had been on death row for nearly 21 years, Burney said in a letter sent to the President that the Indian national's possible hanging should be halted and his death sentence converted to life imprisonment \"in the greater interest of humanity, human dignity, justice and human rights\".Burney noted that he had submitted several mercy petitions on Sarabjit's behalf to the President.He said any move to hang a prisoner who had already spent such a long time in jail would be tantamount to a \"murder of justice\".\"I would like to mention here that one day in a death cell is equal to one year in a normal jail and that prolonged detention in the worst and inhuman circumstances on death row is, at the very least, cruel treatment and the worst kind of human rights violations...,\" Burney said in his letter.Burney's request was made against the backdrop of the Indian Supreme Court's order allowing 82-year-old Pakistani national Khalil Chishti to travel back home after being granted bail.Chishti was accused of involvement in the murder of a man during a brawl in Ajmer in April 1992. At the time, he was visiting India to meet relatives.In January last year, Chishti was given life imprisonment after an 18-year trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088829", "title": "A tea stall owner with pen-chant for writing", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's rare to find a happy and content man on Delhi's streets. But Laxman Rao (60) is so absorbed with the joy of chasing his dreams - many of which he has already realized - that at the end of an hour-long conversation interspersed with two cups of tea from his stall, the one-liner sums up his state of mind - \"Sahitya ka jiwan bahut accha hai, kyuki jo dikhta hai woh hai hi nahi.\" (Life in pursuit of literature is beautiful because what you see otherwise does not exist).Over the years, his poise has helped him overlook the daily struggle of selling tea on the pavement outside Hindi Bhavan on Deendayal Upadhyay Marg. Adjacent to his tea stall, his literary outpourings - about eight titles - since 1979 are on display.Rao, who arrived in Delhi from a village in Maharashtra's Amravati district, is now a known name in the Hindi literary circles and a couple of his plays have also been staged. His novel \"Ramdas\" - adapted into a play by the same name - will be staged at the India Habitat Centre on Friday.His literary status, however, hasn't washed off his profession. He is still considered a \"chaiwala\" who also writes, when the reverse holds good. And, the quest to become an author is what had brought him here in 1977.Having borrowed Rs 40 from his sharecropper father he left home in his teens. After finishing school he worked at a cotton mill in Amravati, which unfortunately shut down. He moved on to Bhopal, and then came to Delhi since he was told that the national capital had a vibrant Hindi literary culture. Besides, he wanted to pursue his literary aspirations in Hindi even though his mother tongue is Marathi.Soon, Rao set up a hole-in-wall pan stall on Deendayal Upadhyay Marg, and frequented publishing houses and Sunday book bazaar in Daryaganj in his spare time.Simultaneously, he enrolled in the Delhi University and got a BA degree, thanks to his perseverance.\"I discovered Shakespeare and Sophocles. Munshi Premchand and Sarat Chandra fascinated me. I was inspired to write after reading Gulshan Nanda,\" Rao says, reliving his days in Delhi, when the city was quite different.\"People were nice, they cared, they listened to you, sat and chatted, it's not the same now,\" is his take on the change in the city's character. However, he hastens to dispel that notion. \"Contrary to what people think, there are enough people who read even today and read in Hindi too. That's why I can sell my books,\" he says.Initially, Rao had to contend with rejection from publishers. Unfazed, he started publishing and selling them on his own.\"Premchand did the same. But he died in poverty when his books did not sell. I sustain myself by selling tea,\" he explains.Now, Rao is close to realizing his dreams. \"After I complete 20 novels, I won't sell tea. I will open a bookstall to sell my books. But, that will take another three or four years,\" he says with conviction.Rao goes back his rented accommodation around 10 pm after a 10-hour daily grind at the tea stall. Unfailingly, he is immersed in reading till the small hours, and he's back at his stall around noon to keep the home and hearth going.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13093933", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial: Next hearing on May 14", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A special CBI court on Friday reserved for May 14 its order on the plea of dentist couple Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, facing prosecution in the twin murder case of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, for all the CBI documents pertaining to the case.The court of additional sistrict and session judge Shayam Lal, also designated as CBI special court, fixed May 14 for a formal order on Talwars' plea as their counsel, on the first day after the case was committed for the sessions trial, complained that they have not been given all CBI documents.Responding to the Talwars' plea, CBI counsel R K Saini told the court that the agency has provided all the relevant documents to them and has withheld only those on which it is not relying for their prosecution.The judge first orally asked the CBI to give all documents to Talwars \"for the sake of justice.\" He, however, fixed May 14, the next date of hearing of the case, for a formal order on Talwars' plea as the couple gave a formal application to the court for the documents.In their plea, the Talwars said the CBI has not provided them with all the documents related to the case including the report prepared by the first investigation officer -- Dataram Nauneria of Uttar Pradesh police and their telephone call records.The CBI, however, fiercely opposed it, necessitating the judge to take a formal call on Talwars' plea.Special judicial magistrate Preeti Singh had earlier on May 9 sent the case for sessions trial, rejecting a plea by the dentist couple that the case cannot be put to trial as yet as they have not been supplied all the prosecution documents.Aarushi was murdered on the intervening night of May 16-17, 2008 at her Noida residence and the body of Hemraj was found on the terrace of the house the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13090097", "title": "Fauja as London Olympic torch bearer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Inspiration and health guru, the 101-year-old Indian -Briton Fauja Singh, has been nominated as one of the torch bearers for the 2012 Olympic torch relay. His name was flashed on the official website of the London olympics -www.london2012.com on Thursday. A total of 8,000 inspirational people have been nominated to carry this flame that will journey across the UK from May 19 till July 27.Fauja, who completed the London marathon last month at the age of 101 and beat his own record, will carry the flame through the London Borough of Newham on July 21.Speaking exclusively to TOI, Fauja said, \"That this was the second time that he had got this honour as he had also been a torch bearer for the Athen Olympics in 2004. I am nothing. It is Waheguru who is making me do everything,\" he said, attributing his health and longevity to god.Fauja's coach Harmander Singh said,\"I hope that Fauja supporters would turn out in huge numbers on the day of his run as it will be a great ode to the great Fauja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089034", "title": "Only 200 choose to go over IIT-JEE papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: IIT-Delhi received less than 200 responses from JEE candidates after it posted their answer scripts online for six days that ended on Thursday. IIT-D, which organized JEE this year, had give an opportunity to candidates to go through their evaluated answer scripts and point out if there was any technical error in reading the optical responses. Nearly 4.8 lakh aspirants had appeared for JEE this year of which 101 complaints were received for the first paper and just 95 for the second paper. The representatives of all IITs will go through the complaints before declaring the final result on May 18.\"We were confident of not receiving too many complaints. In fact, more than half of the complaints received are not about any reading errors but are instead appeals to check the evaluation again. All representatives are now likely to meet on May 14 to consider the genuine complaints,\" said professor G B Reddy, chairperson, JEE 2012. He said that images of nearly 9.6 lakh answer scripts - two per candidate - were uploaded as sometimes the optical mark scanner fails to detect an answer if the bubble has not been darkened properly.This was for the first time that IITs had shown evaluated ORS to candidates. Reddy said IIT-D wanted to make the evaluation process transparent and error-free. Though \"mercy-appeals\" are not going to be considered, the officials will revise the total score of a candidate if a correct answer was not picked up. A candidate could lodge his complaints only once. Reddy said that JEE office has received feedback from candidates through letters too, however, they will not be considered. \"Many aspirants called us on the phone too seeking help to access their answer scripts. We guided them through but did not accept any complaints over the phone,\" Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13088714", "title": "Rajya Sabha members express concern over rising air fares", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that private airlines had raised fares exorbitantly in the wake of strike by Air India pilots, members in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday expressed concern over the matter even as the government promised to ask such carriers not to take advantage of the situation.Raising the matter during zero hour, BJP member Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said passengers were facing harassment due to cancellation of Air India flights on one hand and hike in fares by private airlines on the other.Naqvi said private airlines were taking advantage of the situation and exploiting passengers by exorbitantly raising fares, even more than doubling ticket costs. He demanded that a direction be given to the civil aviation minister to tell the House as to what action was being taken against such private airlines.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat said the government shared the concerns of the members and assured them of steps to stop such airlines from taking advantage of the situation.Rawat said, \"We share the concerns of all the members ... The matter has been brought to the notice of the civil aviation minister and I hope some concrete steps will be taken and private airlines told to resist from such activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13087556", "title": "PWD repair delays upset police", "text": "PANAJI: The police brass appears upset with the alleged lack of interest shown by the government in taking up repair work of police stations that are in bad shape. IGP Sanjay Singh was so upset at a meeting held at the headquarters on Tuesday that he lashed out at PWD for the proposals not moving ahead.In South Goa, three police stations-Konkan Railway, Quepem and Sanguem-require urgent repairs, while in North Goa, Mapusa, Bicholim and Old Goa police stations are in need of repairs before the monsoon.\"These buildings were built during the Portuguese time and are in a dilapidated state. Mapusa and Bicholim police stations are due for demolition and new buildings have been proposed. The proposal has yet to get government sanction. With the monsoon approaching, we requested PWD to repair the buildings to avoid any tragedy, but nothing was done,\" police sources said.A senior officer was so angry with the PWD at Tuesday's meeting, which was attended by SPs and DySPs, that in his outburst he said that if any complaint comes against any PWD officials, it should be registered promptly.When TOI contacted Singh, he said, \"It (repairs) is being taken up with the concerned department. The delay is not on our part.\"\"We have not received any proposal for repairs of the police station. If we get the letter or proposal, as well as money and sanction for repairs, from the police department, then we will try to do the needful,\" PWD principal chief engineer JJS Rego said.Goa police has sent a proposal to the government for constructing new police station buildings at Bicholim and Mapusa. As per the police proposal, the new building at Bicholim is estimated to cost 3 crore and the one in Mapusa is estimated to cost 4 crore.However, there is a catch. \"Government feels that the new Bicholim police station should be constructed in the periphery and police should vacate the present premises. Police are of the opinion that the new police station should be at the same location,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13087557", "title": "Kolkata caught in encroachment trap", "text": "KOLKATA: The state high-power committee on hawkers may have come up with rules to prevent encroachment of pavements, but in reality it appears to be a Herculean task.The state high powered committee on hawkers may have come up with rules to restrict hawking in Kolkata, but in reality the task appears to be a tall one.Forget the permanent and semi-permanent structures at the city's business district which includes areas like BBD Bag, JL Nehru Road Dharmatala) and Camac Street among others. Hawkers are not even sparing the posh residential areas of Kolkata. To make matters worse, pavements are also being encroached by a section of Trinamool Congress workers in the name of setting up 'party offices'. Kolkata's posh residential areas are also being grabbed by hawkers every day. And to make the matter worse, pavements are being encroached by a section of Trinamool Congress workers in the name of setting up 'party' offices.More often that not, these are permanent structures which defy the rules framed by the committee. and strictly defy the rules framed by the high powered committee on hawkers.Take the case of Lake Gardens. The posh locality on the southern fringes of the city has fallen prey to hawkers and local Trinamool leaders with the only park in the neighbourhood, Bangur Park, being encroached upon. Here, the only park in the neighbourhood is being slowly grabbed by hawkers and a section of local Trinamool Congress leaders.Amitava Roy, a local resident, complained that though the move to grab the park started almost a year ago, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has not taken any action till date. had been taken by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) till date.\"Hawkers have taken over 80% of the total area of the park. We took up the matter with the KMC authorities requesting them to free the park from encroachers, but to no avail. But, all our requests have fallen on deaf ears,\" Roy said.Some locals residents had tried to plant saplings around the park's pavement to ward off encroachment. the pavement could not be saved from hawkers have grabbed the pavement around the park. The pavement around Bangur Park, the only park in the locality, has been grabbed despite the local residents' initiative to keep the park free.\"We had planted saplings round the pavement of the park to ward off encroachment.But, that too has yielded no result. Encroachment had started with a few stalls on the northern side of the park. Now, there is not an inch of space which is free. Hence, the focus is now on the southern side to be grabbed. Naturally, the focus is now on the southern side,\" said Bijoy Dasgupta, another resident.The pavement around Similarly, the pavement round Vivekananda Park on Southern Avenue has met with the same fate. is being grabbed gradually by eateries.The place is already congested with makeshift hotels , tea stalls and snack counters. Now, with the committee on hawkers putting a limit on new stalls, more makeshift food joints are being set up in the area. the area is being flooded with new stalls in a hurry after the committee on hawkers put a curb on it. Here, makeshift hotels, tea stalls and snacks counters, all permanent and semi-permanent structures, are coming up hurriedly to beat the curb on setting up of fresh stalls by the newly formed high powered committee on hawkers. Though the local residents poured out their anger over civic inaction to curb the menace, a section of hawkers are nonchalant.\"There was no trace of a hawker here right on the pavement of Vivekananda Park even six months ago. But now new hawkers are being added every month,\" said Ranen Sen, a resident of the area.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim may have announced his war against those hawkers who have multiple shops in the city, hawkers in Gariahat seem to be oblivious to the threats, with a major portion of the pavements occupied by permanent and semi-permanent structures. the reality is that the minister need to go to Gariahat to see how the pavement is being grabbed by hawkers who have set up permanent and semi permanent structures on both sides of Rashbehari Avenue. Wednesday's announcement by the state government that no permanent structures would be allowed failed to have any effect on them.\"It seems to be an impractical idea. Where will we go once the new policy comes to effect?\" asked Surendra Prasad, a hawker who sells readymade garments.Hawkers at Chandni Chowk in central Kolka Hawkers at Chandni Chawk in central Kolkata or and Hatibagan in the north are no different from their southern counterparts at Gariahat.\"Let the government implement the new hawker policy. We hope the government is in no hurry to evict hawkers from the city,\" said Mohammed Akram, a fruit vendor at Chandni Chowk.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who is a member of the high power committee, however, made it clear that under no circumstances the civic body would allow encroachment of the pavements or carriageway as has been decided by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13087130", "title": "Vendors near hospital moved", "text": "NASHIK: On Wednesday, late in the evening the Nashik Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment department cleared the road near Civil Hospital where roadside vendors were selling mosquito nets and stuffed toys.At 6.30 pm, when the deputy commissioner of the NMC's anti-encroachment department, Dattatreya Gotise was on his way home from work, he noticed vendors selling mosquito nets and stuffed toys, causing inconvenience to the passers-by. He immediately called for a van and staff available at that time.\"One van and four employees reached the spot immediately and we confiscated the mosquito nets that were hung from trees. This caused inconvenience to passers-by. They were also selling stuffed toys below the trees. The vendors got a bit nasty and began abusing the employees but it is a rumour that there was man-handling. I was present on the spot. They were selling their stuff just by the corner of the Civil Hospital. They also made a make shift bathroom there that were using for the past three days,\" informed Gotise.Gotise said that 15 mosquito nets and around 30 stuffed toys were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13091060", "title": "Common curriculum for all open universities?", "text": "NEW DELHI: IGNOU is making efforts to have a common curriculum for all the Open Universities (OU) in the country. The move has been made to meet the national agenda set by MHRD to have quality education, while pushing the Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) in higher education.The university's Inter University Consortium (IUC) had recently organised a meeting of VCs of all the OUs on campus to discuss the strategy for formulating a common curriculum for open and distance learning. In order to meet the MHRD agenda, the authorities decided on having a three-pronged strategy. This will include formulating a common curriculum for UG courses, creating open education resource available to all via a web portal and generating curriculum-based multimedia e-content.According to Vibha Puri Das, secretary, department of higher education, MHRD, all OUs must collaborate in order to enhance the GER across the country. Also, emphasis should be on faculty development, teacher training and research in universities. The objectives of IUC for the programme include experimenting with technology at the universities and making a judicious use of both media and technology for distance education learning.For implementation of the programme, Madhu Prahar, director, IUC, IGNOU, says, \"There will be a common syllabus. To begin with, as a pilot project, a common curriculum can be developed for the three UG programmes. Also, teacher-training will focus on the use of new technology.\"The programme is one of the key pillars of the 12th Five-Year Plan, which includes building a national vocational education framework as well as producing employable manpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13088720", "title": "Engineer's charred body found with eyes gouged out", "text": "CHENNAI: The charred body of a software engineer was found near Minjur, on the outskirts of Chennai, on Wednesday. Police said the body of J Pradeep, 30, employee of a city-based software firm, bore telltale marks of torture - the eyes were gouged out and a mobile phone was found thrust into the rectum.Investigation officers managed to identify the body with the help of the call list on his mobile phone that showed more than 12 missed calls. The victim may have been killed around 10pm on Tuesday, police said.\"Pradeep, a native of Madurai, was a team leader with a Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) unit in Chennai before moving to another company recently,\" Minjur inspector P Singaravelu said. His father Jayaraman, a retired BSNL officer in Madurai, mother and sister identified his body at the government hospital morgue in Ponneri. The body was severely burnt and the outer skin had peeled off.\"We showed the identity cards, bike key and other stuff recovered from the murder spot to his family members who identified them,\" Singaravelu said. \"A special team is looking into why he left his earlier job and joined a new company,\" a police officer said.The slain man's father refused to speak to the media but Mohanram, a relative, said, \"He was a quiet person. He spoke to his parents on Tuesday and then didn't pick up any calls.\"\"We are yet to find the motive for the murder,\" said north zone inspector-general of police P Kannappan. \"We are questioning some of his friends and former colleagues.\" Police said Pradeep shared a flat with his friend Arun. \"He often stayed with his other friends at their places and returned home after two or three days,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13089573", "title": "Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh withdraws plea against Army chief Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed as withdrawn a writ petition by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh seeking a CBI inquiry into Army chief Gen VK Singh's alleged role in the reported bugging of the defence minister's office despite the government denying any such incident.The reluctance of a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar forced the retired Army officer to withdraw his plea.The petition was filed days after the Army chief accused Tejinder Singh of offering him a bribe of Rs 14 crore for purchase of Tatra trucks. Following the complaint by the Army chief, the CBI initiated a probe into the matter.Tejinder Singh had also accused the Army chief of professional misconduct by making \"political statements\" while holding the key post. He said the Army chief had stated that the Maoist problem in the country was the creation of the government when the Centre had sought the Army's help in Naxal affected areas.He has also filed a criminal defamation case against Gen VK Singh and four other senior Army officers in a trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13092757", "title": "I am living a dream, says Ajinkya Rahane", "text": "JAIPUR: Ajinkya Rahane has managed to surprise even himself with his smashing form in the IPL so far and the young Rajasthan Royals batsman says the entire experience has been like living a dream.The smashing right-hander has tapered off in the last three games with scores of 17, 0 and 5 but he remains second only to Chris Gayle among the batting heavyweights with 480 runs at 43.63 in the competition.Nobody has hit more fours (63) than him and only two others, besides him, have hit centuries.The 24-year-old Mumbaikar weighed his recent success and the reasons behind it, as well as the opportunities which would follow in its wake.\"Well, it has come as a surprise. I have only done my part and the rest has been destiny. To top the charts in a competition like IPL is really a proud achievement for me. But I would have really loved to see my team to be in a better position than it is,\" he said.Rahane played for Mumbai Indians as well which at the time was a team full of stars -- Sachin Tendulkar, Harbhajan Singh, Lasith Malinga -- before moving to Rajasthan Royals, a team not with many big names.\"Actually I was learning a lot in Mumbai Indians with my idol Sachin Paaji around but then wasn't getting many chances. Here in RR things were different, I had a role to play, there were expectations off me. And also I was happy to be around my other idol, Rahul Dravid. It's a pleasure talking cricket to Rahul bhai,\" he explained.Talking about Dravid, how did it feel making his Twenty20 debut in the same game as Dravid against England? \"You know it is funny that once there was a game in Mumbai when India were playing a Test match,\" Rahane said.\"I was glad to be a ball boy in that game to catch a glimpse of my heroes Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid. I did see them closely but if I had a mobile phone in those times I would have clicked some pictures as well. In fact I was too shy to speak to them at all. And here I was making my T20 debut with Rahul Dravid.\"It is difficult to describe. I remember MS Dhoni, Sachin paaji and Rahul bhai talking to me before the game and telling me that I am playing for India because I deserve to. It was a matter of giving confidence and they did just that,\" he added.Asked how his life changed since that day, Rahane said he remains the person and values the money that he earns now.\"Well, my approach to life hasn't changed at all. I am the same Ajinkya for everyone around me. But coming from a lower-middle class family I did understand the value of money. I remember my parents had sacrificed so much so that I could continue my cricket.\"I remember I use to travel for two and a half hours one side to train at an academy. So 4 to 5 hours were gone in travelling by train. So we all have worked hard for my career and I am glad that it worked,\" he said.On how it feel to see his hoardings around Jaipur, Rahane said, \"Well it does feel nice. I use to see hoardings of other cricketers and use to wonder if there would be a day when I'd have one too. And now there are. Sometimes I feel as if I am dreaming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13091414", "title": "Bus passenger falls prey to drug-n-rob gang", "text": "KANPUR: A local resident was deprived of cash and valuables worth several thousand rupees while travelling on a UPSRTC bus on Thursday. The victim, identified as Rajesh, a resident of B Block, Panki, was returning home from Purnagiri when the incident took place.After boarding a Faizabad-bound UPSRTC bus, he met some unidentified men who offered him biscuits laced with sedative. Soon after consuming the biscuit, the victim fainted. He was later taken to LLR Hospital.Arrested: Police arrested Javed alias Pappu of Babupurwa and recovered 250 gm of charas from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13089537", "title": "After the sizzle, get set for showers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents felt the heat, with the temperature rising to 41 degrees celsius on Thursday. However, according to officials of the meteorological department, the temperature would dip by three to four degrees in the next two to three days with western disturbances hitting the city, bringing in dust storms and rainfall.If this happens, the residents would once again be relieved of the scorching heat, as from May 1 onwards the temperature has only gone up by an average of nearly 1 degree every day. Overall the temperature shot up by 8.4 degrees in the last 10 days.Met department director Surender Pal said, \"There are chances of dust storms accompanied by rain in the next two to three days. Even on Thursday, the clouds started covering the sky. Also there are chances that temperature would dip by nearly three degrees.\"Following such a sharp rise in temperature, residents would not mind some showers. Kabeer Desai, a resident of Sector 19 said, \"It has become really hot these days. Even the winds are becoming warm now and the heat is felt with full force when riding two-wheelers. I am really hoping for at least one rainy day.\" \"After a pleasant April, the sizzling May is really hurting. It should rain once in a while,\" said Sheeba Kapoor, a resident of Sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13089102", "title": "David Warner blasts sizzling century, Delhi virtually seal playoff berth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The most 'versatile' bowling attack in IPL 5 was taken to the cleaners by the Hyderabad duo of Shikhar Dhawan and Cameron White but Delhi responded magnificently to the challenge with their men of the hour coming in the form of a pint-sized dynamo called David Warner (109 no, 54b, 10x4, 7x6) and Naman Ojha (64 no, 46b, 2x4, 5x6).Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsWith a very challenging 188 to get in their return leg match at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium on Thursday, Delhi's best bet was skipper Virender Sehwag.But his early dismissal brought Warner into focus in their domineering nine-wicket win as the Australian revelled under lights with an innings as good as any as Delhi totalled 193 for one in 16.4 overs after Hyderabad, sans Dale Steyn (nursing a niggle), batted first.   IPL: THE TOP FIVE PARTNERSHIPS Runs Wicket Pair For Details 2062ndAdam Gilchrist &amp; Shaun MarshPunjabvs Bangalore at Dharamsala on May 17, 2011189*2ndDavid Warner &amp; Naman OjhaDelhivs Hyderabad at Uppal on May 10, 20121591stMichael Hussey &amp; Murali VijayChennaivs Bangalore at Chennai on May 28, 20111573rdCameron White &amp; Kumar SangakkaraHyderabadvs Pune at Cuttack on May 1, 2012155*1stAdam Gilchrist &amp; VVS LaxmanHyderabadvs Mumbai at Mumbai on April 27, 2008Dhawan (83, 49b, 9x4, 5x6) warmed up to the task after losing his opening partner Daniel Harris in the fifth over and skipper Kumar Sangakkara in the next with some brazen hitting against his own team in domestic cricket. White (65, 40b, 7x4, 2x6) joined the party and their 126-run partnership for the third wicket saw runs come in a torrent; the last 10 overs of the innings fetched Hyderabad 123.If it was a strategy to hurry the Hyderabad batsmen into their shots after giving them a slow dose of pace to start with -- batsman Venugopala Rao and West Indian allrounder Andre Russell came in for paceman Umesh Yadav and Kiwi batsman Ross Taylor -- it worked to an extent with Morne Morkel and Varun Aaron succeeding after Russell and Irfan Pathan went for 16 in the first two overs.It was the tortoise and hare story then with Hyderabad crawling from 28 for one to 64 for two in first 10 and 127 for two in 15 before walloping 60 from the last five overs with Pathan, Russell and left-arm spinner Shahbaz Nadeem bearing the brunt. The best of hitting was to follow, though, as Delhi brooked no stopping.   IPL 5: MOST RUNS IN POWERPLAY Team Runs Wickets Opponent Venue Game No. Kolkata680PuneKolkata47Rajasthan641PunjabMohali48Delhi641HyderabadHyderabad55Rajasthan621HyderabadJaipur20Delhi611PunePune31Delhi611RajasthanJaipur43Kolkata600BangaloreBangalore10Kolkata600DelhiDelhi51The small matter of scoring at nearly 10 an over only seemed to get their competitive juices flowing and there was no looking back once Warner teed off after White took a fine catch running to his left to get rid of the everdangerous Sehwag.Little were they to know that Delhi had more firepower waiting to explode. Ojha rained sixes at will while Warner found gaping holes in the field with his carpet drives en route to his second IPL century and it was just a question of when Delhi would finish than how.The unbroken Warner-Ojha 189--run partnership finished the match with 20 deliveries to spare; the Australian clearly relishing the role Kevin Pietersen fulfilled till he left for national duty. And that augurs well for Delhi now atop the table with 18 points, while Hyderabad pick up the pieces of another horror outing.The victory almost assured Delhi of a playoff berth. They have been the most impressive team in the competition so far, having risen to challenges in admirable fashion.   IPL 5: HIGHEST CHASES Total Overs For Opponent Venue Date 208-520.0ChennaiBangaloreChennaiApril 12197-519.4RajasthanHyderabadJaipurApril 17193-116.4DelhiHyderabadUppalMay 10186-420BangalorePuneBangaloreApril 17185-518.5BangaloreHyderabadBangaloreMay 6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13088397", "title": "Impounded SUV stolen from Sec 20 police station", "text": "NOIDA: Let alone residential sectors, now vehicles are not safe even in police stations. An SUV, which was involved in the robbery of a man on April 17 and impounded by the cops, was reported missing from the Sector 20 police station on Thursday.Police sources said that one Sanjit Kumar was waiting near the Sectors 12-22 intersection for a bus to go to his native place to attend his sister's wedding on April 17. When no bus came for some time, two other commuters and him shared an auto-rickshaw to go to their destinations. However, the auto soon broke down. Soon a Qualis (UP32 AL3923) came and Kumar asked the driver to drop him. He agreed to pay the driver Rs 100 as fare and got onboard.The victim's nightmarish time began after that. \"The men inside the SUV started thrashing me while robbing me. They took me around the Rajnigandha crossing towards DND. Soon I spotted a Delhi police van near the DND flyway and signaled them to rescue me. Within minutes the police van overtook the Qualis, but the miscreants managed to escape leaving me and their vehicle behind,\" the victim added.As the crime was committed in Noida, Delhi police took the Qualis and the victim to Sector 20 police station. Interestingly, the Noida police had not even lodged an FIR in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089522", "title": "NMC's cruel choke on trees continues", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 10 full-grown trees crashed down in various parts of the city after a squall about a week ago. All trees had been choked at their trunk by tar used in road work, their roots weakened by lack of enough percolated water.Terming the loss to the city's green cover as unfortunate, former chairman of standing committee and senior corporator Sandip Joshi said that provisions of Rs 20 lakh were made in the last budget for clearing the area near the base of the trees. \"The Save Tree Project was proposed in the budget and also got approval of the general body. Despite this, officials did not implement the project in last 12 months. The project should be started or big trees will continue to die,\" he said.The storm on May 4 was not very strong, yet all the big trees, many several decades old, could not sustain it. A big tamarind tree fell down near Udyog Bhavan in Civil Lines. Three neem trees came down at Zero Mile square, near Surendra Nagar Basketball ground and near Cotton Market, followed by two cassia trees on Amravati road between Ravi Nagar Square and University Campus Square. A gulmohar tree crashed down between GPO Square and Bole Petrol pump square, while big trees also fell down near Tatya Tope Hall, in Friends Colony and near Government Milk Dairy. It was evident that the trees had been choked as they did not get uprooted but broke off from the surface of the road.Tree activist Shrikant Deshpande told TOI that the situation is becoming worse day by day. \"I have seen many fallen trees, especially the one that came down in Zero Mile square. Road tar had choked the trees and water could not percolate and reach their roots. Due to lack of water, the tree trunks were hollowed out by termites. Similar termite attacks are seen in large numbers of big trees in various parts of West and South-West Nagpur. If they continue, the greenery areas like in West and South-West Nagpur will lose all big trees in the coming five years,\" he said.Deshpande chided the NMC for not following the court's directives. \"The high court had issued directives to the authorities to dig up some portion of the road around the tree trunks. It was only carried out areas near the High Court. The remaining trees are left to succumb. It's beyond the limit of understanding as to whose orders NMC will pay heed to save the trees,\" he said.A senior NMC official said that the drive to clear choke up of the trees was undertaken. \"Work was done in many areas on footpaths. But the problem is still existing on the roads as tarring is done up to the trees,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13088165", "title": "MPs not eager to spend fund on local area", "text": "BANGALORE: Community halls, then roads - that's what tops every MP's priority list. A study, done by Public Affairs Centre (PAC), tracks what MPs have done for their constituencies after being elected, and how they have used their Member of Parliament Local Area Development fund (MPLAD).The study says that construction of community halls is a favourite project, with a majority of MPs giving funds freely for it. Next on priority is the development of roads. \"The study shows that only 30% of funds given for Rajya Sabha MPs and 57% of MPLAD funds from Lok Sabha members have been used. Underutilization of funds must be questioned, says Samuel Paul, urban expert, PAC. One example is Bangalore South MP, who has utilized only 25% of his MPLAD fund.Less educated were the go-gettersAs per the study, MPs whose educational qualification is only up to Class 12 have been able to get more funds than MPs who are highly qualified. \"When MPs with just PU qualification have been able to make use of up to 65%, Tejaswini Gowda, an MP with a PhD, has used only 26.5% of the funds. They are only policy makers and not executive authorities, why should they be given funds? Instead, the government can use these funds for necessary development,\" said Paul.In the 15th Lok Sabha, between 2009-2011, so far, DB Chandregowda used 100% for Bangalore North constituency, whereas Bangalore Central MP PC Mohan has used 28%, followed by Bangalore South MP HN Ananth Kumar who used a mere 25%.As per data available in public domain, liquor baron Vijay Mallya , a Rajya Sabha member from Karnataka during 2004-09, used just 8.5% funds for local area development, whereas Prema Cariappa made use of a whopping Rs 84.7 crore. Among the 13 Rajya Sabha members, M Rajashekara Reddy used a mere 0.9% of the total fund and scores the lowest.\"The problem with Rajya Sabha members is that they are hardly connected with the local area and thus, there is underutilization of funds,\" says Paul.Former prime minister H D Deve Gowda , MP from Hassan, and Mallikarjuna Gowdar, Davanagere MP, used 100% funds, as against Srikantappa DC from Chikmagalur, who used only 14.1%.\"Overall, experienced MPs showed marginally better utilization than first-timers. Also, first-timers from BJP did better than experienced MPs, while first-timers from Congress did marginally better than experienced MPs,\" said Patibandla Srikant, a PAC member who was part of the study.D V Sadananda used funds quickIn the 14th Lok Sabha (2004-09), D V Sadananda Gowda, then an MP, made use of just 40.9% of funds, but during his second term from 2009, he used 84% just before his resignation, when he became chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088719", "title": "2002 narco case: Rajasthan ex-minister\u2019s son in Mumbai court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on Thursday produced the son of former cabinet minister and Bhanwari Devi murder accused, Paras Ram Bishnoi, before the special Narcotics Drug and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act court in a 2002 drug case.Special Judge I M Bohari, sent Bishnoi to judicial custody. The accused, who is currently in judicial custody in a Jodhpur jail for his alleged role in the murder, was given a copy of the 1,800-page chargesheet and his bail hearing is on May 24. After the hearing, Bishnoi was taken back to Jodhpur.Public prosecutor A R Gupte said Bishnoi is accused of manufacturing and supplying Mandrax tablets, a highly addictive synthetic drug. DRI carried out a raid in Bhillara Cement Private Limited, Rajasthan on April 11, 2002 and recovered packets of the drug and the manufacturing unit. Prior to this, a 222.69 kg consignment of the contraband, hidden in mango baskets, was intercepted at Vashi. Bishnoi and five others were booked under various sections of the NDPS Act for their involvement in production and selling of the contraband.While one accused has been acquitted, one has been convicted to ten years of jail and three, including Bishnoi, were absconding. The DRI had issued a red-alert notice against Bishnoi on May 9, 2002 after he allegedly did not respond to any of the DRI summons. According to the statements of the other accused, Bishnoi was a co-conspirator, who allowed his factory to be used for manufacturing the drug and was paid Rs 2 lakh. The statements also allegedly revealed that he was present when the drug was manufactured and it was loaded in his jeep before being transported to Mumbai.In his bail application, Bishnoi's lawyer Ayaz Khan, however, states he was falsely implicated and the case seems politically motivated. The application further says the prosecution has no evidence to show Bishnoi was absconding and it was strange to believe that he was not arrested since 2002. Khan also said the prosecution was relying on the statements of the co-accused, who have either been acquitted, absconded or convicted.\"The SC has held that when a co-accused is not being tried jointly in the same case, then the co-accused's statement be considered,\" the application reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13088421", "title": "Two gang-raped and stabbed under Mumbai flyover, one dies", "text": "MUMBAI: Two women were gang-raped and stabbed with a sharp weapon on Wednesday afternoon in a cavity in the underside of the busy CBD-Belapur flyover on the Sion-Panvel Road. While one died on the spot of bleeding, the other survived after she crawled out in a semi-conscious condition and sought help from passers-by.The survivor, who is 19 and lives on a footpath near Vashi railway station, told the police she and her friend, who was 25, were taken to the flyover by two young men who promised them catering jobs at a wedding reception.\"The accused could be locals. They methodically hatched their diabolical plan. The woman who died lived in Ghatkopar and often came to Navi Mumbai to meet the survivor. The men probably knew their movements,\" a police officer said. \"The two targeted these street dwellers, who did odd jobs like cleaning and washing, knowing they desperately needed employment. The men sweet-talked the women into accompanying them to the flyover, with the clear intention of raping them and then killing them at that very spot.\"Another officer said that soon after the survivor wriggled out of the cavity, she was spotted by a private security guard standing near the flyover, who took her to hospital. \"The cavity is difficult to locate, as there are scores of these in the flyover's underside. Because of this, the body of the dead woman could be found only on Thursday morning.\"He said detectives from the Navi Mumbai crime branch have been searching various cavities for clues. Expressing shock at the incident, he said, \"The crime was committed at a time hundreds of cars, buses and trucks zipped down the flyover and the side lanes. A traffic police chowky is barely 20 metres away from the crime spot... important government and Cidco offices are just 100 metres away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13089401", "title": "Water supply from wells affected as pumps don't work", "text": "NAGPUR: As the summer peaks, water tankers roll out to quench thirst of 60,000 people in Bastarwari prabhag of Satranjipura. This despite the fact that the NMC had made arrangements for water to be drawn from wells in the area. But they have not been of much use to the residents owing to lackadaisical attitude of the NMC's electricity department that has not been able to repair pumps on the wells. The pumps have been fitted under mini-water supply (MWS) scheme for areas that have low supply from main water grid in summer.Of the 15 wells in the prabhag, water from nine cannot be drawn due to non-functioning pumps, alleged the ward corporator Alka Dalal. To combat water crisis in parts of north and east Nagpur, the water works department has cleaned up 300 NMC-owned wells and 700 other wells across the city under mini-water supply scheme. Motor pumps were installed at these wells. Overhead tanks were also constructed at many places, said executive engineer (WWD) S Hastak.It is the responsibility of the WWD to ensure cleanliness of these wells while electric department must ensure proper functioning of the motor pump, said Hastak. Under the scheme, water is pumped through separate public connections for nearby residents. This water cannot be used for drinking purposes. \"We advise residents to use it for bathing and washing clothes etc,\" he added. Hastak pointed out this was a stop-gap arrangement to combat water crisis.Due to lack of support from electric department, residents near nine wells have not been benefited, claimed Dalal. She said that water pumps were not functioning. At couple of places, network has not been properly built. \"Despite repeated complaints to the electric department, nothing has been done,\" she alleged.The situation is similar in other areas too. According to corporation sources, around 200 wells cannot be used due to non-supply of power or non-functioning of pump. Many wells were still full of garbage, admitted Hastak. He also said that residents were not cooperating in maintaining cleanliness of the wells. Despite repeated appeals, people throw garbage into them, he added.Despite repeated attempts, executive engineer (electric department, NMC) Sanjay Jaiswal refused to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-11"}
