{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250455", "title": "Man gets life imprisonment for brother's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: The district and sessions court on Monday awarded life imprisonment to an accused for killing his elder brother. Additional sessions judge GJ Akarte found Dhanraj Rajgire (45) guilty of the murder of his brother Dildas.According to additional public prosecutor Deepak Kolhe, who appeared for the prosecution, the brothers had inherited agricultural land adjacent to each other in Chirva village of Mouda in Nagpur district. There was some dispute regarding grazing of cattle and well water in the field between the siblings. The dispute was referred to Grievance Settlement Committee (Mahatma Gandhi Tanta Mukta Gaon Samiti, village Chirva), but unfortunately it could not be resolved.On the fateful day, the accused brutally thrashed his brother with a stick that caused fatal injuries and ultimately his death. The police registered an offence punishable under Section 302 of the IPC against accused Dhanraj and also against another accused Istari Kukde later.The prosecution examined 16 witnesses and proved the guilt of accused Dhanraj, who was sentenced to life imprisonment and told to pay fine of Rs 5,000. However, Kukde was acquitted for want of evidence. Bharat Borikar and Aditya Paliwal assisted the prosecution. Rajgire was represented by Dipak Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251369", "title": "Train driver spots track fracture, averts mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after a train collision near Andheri station, a major derailment was averted when the driver of a mail train heading to Mumbai noticed a two-feet-long rail fracture between Kelve Road and Safhale and halted the train in time.Rajesh Singh Tomar, a 40-year-old loco pilot of the 19006 Up Saurashtra Mail, had left Palghar station at around 5.40am on Monday. The train's next halt was Borivli railway station. As the train passed Kelve Road station and approached Saphale railhead at 5.45am, Tomar felt a jerk. He noticed a two-feet-long rail fracture on the track on which his train was running. An alert Tomar applied the emergency brakes, but by that time the engine (number 21835) and a general bogie had passed over the rail fracture. Still, Tomar managed to bring the train, which was running at a speed of around 90 kmph, to a halt.The jolts and the abrupt stop awoke the sleeping passengers. Choas ensued as passengers started running helter-skelter, fearing an accident. They were then informed that a disaster had been avoided.Tomar, who was accompanied by assistant loco pilot Ramesh Chandra Meena, immediately informed the railway control room. Passengers remained in the train as an engineering team of Western Railway reached the site and repaired the track.A few long-distance trains-such as the Virar shuttle, Jaipur Superfast Express, Rajdhani Express-that were to reach Mumbai on the same track were delayed. Trains leaving Virar such as Gujarat Express, Virar-Dahanu shuttle, Shatabdi Express were delayed as well. Normal traffic was restored by 7.55am, said officials.Western Railway will reward Tomar for his alertness and timely action.Railway officials normally associate rail fractures with weather changes that cause contraction and expansion of metal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14250041", "title": "Students' movement to spread awareness", "text": "WARDHA: To spread awareness in education and social sector in minority, a student movement has been launched in the state. In the light of this movement, Association of Indian Minority Students (AIMS) organized a state launching programme at Maheswari Bhawan in Wardha on Friday evening.The association was established by Bakhtiyar Shaikh at Jalgaon in 2008. Since then, the organization is working for the welfare of minority. Addressing a programme, Dr. Abid Sahab, Pune, said, AIMS has organized hundreds of summer camps in Jalgaon, Wardha and other several places in the state, we could bring change in community and then people of various areas invited us to start such work at state level.Khan Rahmatullah Khan, who was the guest of programme said, \"this organization works to spread awareness in minority about government schemes of education for minority. Further he said, distributing prize, to those who have shown their talent in promoting educational awareness in the community.\"Irshad Ali, district president of AIMS, said, \"We will take a weekend camp in Wardha for students of all classes. We tried to provide knowledge to students regarding social awareness, moral values and social responsibility. Last year, we organized a camp at Anjuman School, and we experienced the change in student gradually\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250246", "title": "Spanco shows carrot to power thieves before the stick", "text": "NAGPUR: City power franchisee Spanco has finally submitted a plan of action to MSEDCL for reducing distribution and collection losses (DCL) in its area. Unless the loss reduce below 34% by August 15 from 36.3% in May, the franchisee area will face 5.30 hours of load shedding. The company has launched an amnesty scheme for the power thieves before it starts a massive crackdown on them.Spanco officials said that there were 200 plus 11 KV feeders and around 2,500 distribution transformers in their area. Of these the franchisee had already identified 17 feeders where the loss level was more than 34% range. \"The energy audit is still going on. The areas supplied by these feeders will undergo severe vigilance as most of the loss is due to theft. Only 20% residents within these areas are power thieves but the entire population suffers. We will soon expose them, which will automatically reduce the losses,\" Kaustubh Dhavse, senior vice president of Spanco, said.Dhavse further said the company had already launched an 'Honest Nagpurkar Scheme'. \"Under this, we will give an opportunity to all consumers to voluntarily declare their faulty or tampered meters, if they are getting electricity bill below actual consumption. Voluntary declaration under this scheme will be open from June 21 to July 27. Those who disclose the truth will not booked under Section 135 of Electricity Act. An assessment will be done by our commercial department and consumer will be given a fair hearing,\" he explained.Spanco has appealed to its consumers to inform about power pilferage on telephone number 0712 - 6660006 or on mobile number 7507773001. The company will launch a massive awareness campaign against power theft from June 28 to July 25. All media including newspapers, pamphlets, TV, radio, hoardings, SMS, call centre and collection centres will be used.Spanco officials will visit schools, colleges to educate students on the need to use power with responsibility and take this message home that if power theft is detected then the offenders can go to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249723", "title": "BCom admission forms from tomorrow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University will start selling admission forms for BCom course from June 20. There are over 50 commerce colleges in the city with 18,000 seats. On Monday, the GU authorities distributed 95,000 forms to various affiliated colleges. This process shall continue on Tuesday as well. After this the students shall be able to get the forms from respective colleges, said GU officials. Last year the colleges had run out of forms, so this time the authorities are not taking any chances and are asking for extra supply. tnnGU has printed more than 1.5 lakh forms and another 1 lakh forms are kept in stock. \"This is to prevent problems like the last year. Scarcity of forms is caused by the fact that each student fills up forms in four to five colleges simultaneously to ensure that he gets admission in the best college,\" said a city-based college administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257658", "title": "Cloudy skies leave city cooler, temp dips by 4C", "text": "CHENNAI: The June sun gave way to cloudy skies on Monday when the Met department recorded a maximum temperature of 33Celsius, a drop of over 4C from Sunday's high of 37 .4C.Met officials said the normal maximum temperature for the city at this stage of the month was 37 C.People were taken by surprise by a mild drizzle in some areas . \"I was travelling through Kodambakkam when Ifeltitdrizzlefor a little while,\" said Arun , a commuter .Reportsof lightdrizzle also came in from T Nagar, Teynampet and Saidapet . The Met office recorded only trace levels of rain .Rain at this time of the year is usually caused by a collision of the sea breeze and wind from the southwest monsoon but the unusual weather on Monday was caused by the south-westerly winds alone , weathermen said. \"The south-westerlies have become active over Kerala and clouding over the southern peninsula has intensified over the past two days ,\" said India Meteorological Centre deputy director general Y E A Raj . \"About 23 % of our rain gauges in the state including in Nilgiris , Trichy and Thanjavur recorded rain . But these clouds are not known to last more than two days . The heat will soon be back ,\" he added.However , residents were not complaining . \"It is a welcome relief from the heat we have been facing for so long ,\" said Ezhil from T Nagar . Chennai receives only around 40cm of rain from the southwest monsoon . \"The sea breeze is the most important trigger for rain in Chennai when the southwest monsoon sets in. It rains in the evening and nights , but rarely in the mornings ,\" said Raj . No sea breeze was recorded till 6pm on Monday . \"Sea breeze is caused due to the difference in temperature over land and sea . Since the land was also cool there was little sea breeze ,\" Raj said . The Met department recorded a relative humidity of 53 % and a minimum temperature of 29 .7C.It was a bumper year in 2011 when Chennai received 78 cm of rainfall between June 1 and September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255310", "title": "Waterlogging stares city in face", "text": "PATNA: The city residents would continue to face inconvenience due to waterlogging and poor road conditions this monsoon as the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) does not seem to be in a mood to take up repair and construction of drains seriously.According to officials, the PMC engineering wing had recently taken an initiative to remove waterlogging from different parts of the city.The PMC is going to outsource the construction and maintenance of drainage system in major city areas where the problem of waterlogging is quite common. However, as the tender process is likely to be delayed, the authorities would not be able to take up work before the monsoon. PMC had earlier identified 14 points in different wards which face waterlogging during monsoon every year.A PMC official, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"Recently around Rs 5 crore was sanctioned for construction of new drains and maintenance of the existing drains in New Capital Circle, Patna City circle, Bankipore Circle and Kankarbagh Circle.\" He added it would take at least 20 days and it would not be possible to complete cleaning of the drains before the arrival of monsoon.\" Delay in fund allotment delayed the whole process, he said.The city residents face much inconvenience due to waterlogging and poor road condition at Guru Govind Chowk, Jai Prakash Narayan Nagar, Kadamkuan, Ramkrishna Nagar and other points during the monsoon season. \"At all these points, waterlogging is a major problem and there is no concrete drainage system on these roads,\" said the PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal.However, Pal assured that cleaning work of 90% of the city drains was completed last week while the remaining work would be completed soon.A PMC circle officer said, \"There are 1,200 kms of underground drains under the control of PMC but we don't have required equipment to clean the entire underground drains. The choked underground drains lead to acute waterlogging in several areas.\"At present, Patna has nine big drains, 460km of pucca drains and 340km of kutchcha drains. Cleaning them is a tough job for sanitation workers as many of the underground drains are located as deep as 15ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262513", "title": "Channi Singh receives prestigious honour", "text": "The legendary Channi Singh of Bhangra band 'Alaap' has received a prestigious honour by the Queen. He has become the first Bhangra artist to be appointed an OBE ( Officer of the Order of the British Empire) for his services to Bhangra music, charity and community work.Channi, who is the founder and lead singer of Bhangra band 'Alaap' is credited for pioneering modern Bhangra music around the globe and has successfully continued his reign as the 'Godfather of Bhangra' for over 30 years. He is responsible for changing the entire face of Punjabi music and getting it recognised in all corners of the world.In addition to his successful music career, Channi is actively involved in Charity and community work, where he helps raise funds for cancer research, children from third world countries and eye camps in India to name a few, along with helping elderly and disabled people.During his illustrious career, Channi has received countless awards from various organisations worldwide.On receiving the news about his OBE honour, Channi expressed, \"To receive an honour from the Queen and that too an OBE, is something I am extremely proud of. The fact that I have received this in the Queen's Diamond Jubilee year makes it even more special and something I will always cherish.I am from a small village in Punjab and when I arrived in England in 1976, I never expected to become a household name around the world. At that time, I saw there was a need to bring our culture back to our youth as it was almost forgotten, so I decided to form my band Alaap, through which I was able to promote our culture respectfully throughout the world, reaching out to all audiences from different backgrounds\".He also added, \"I have worked extremely hard during my career and am humbly proud of my achievements so far. This award is not only for me, but for the whole community. My lovely wife Dhano and daughter Mona are delighted at the news of this wonderful appreciation.I thank all my fans and well-wishers for all their love and support and above all god for all his blessings\".Earlier this year, Channi and his daughter Mona Singh also became the first Bhangra artists to perform at 10 Downing Street, on invitation from the Prime Minister David Cameron . Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249604", "title": "State to aid coastal slum makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: The skyline in coastal areas could soon witness a makeover. Over a year after the new coastal regulation norms lifting restrictions on the FSI for redevelopment of slum colonies in coastal stretches, the state government on Monday held deliberations on the model for revamp.There are about 300 slum pockets on the coast between Cuffe Parade and Dahisar. While the CRZ lifted FSI curbs for slum redevelopment in these areas, a condition that the state government will have to partner in the redevelopment and hold a minimum stake of 51% was imposed.On Monday, during a meeting chaired by the CM, the Shivshahi Punarvasan Prakalp, a state government undertaking for slum redevelopment, was named as a special purpose vehicle for the state's role in redevelopment of slums in CRZ areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14250945", "title": "Plaints of uprooted trees rife in south Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Moderate to heavy rains that lashed South Goa on Monday led to incidents of uprooting of trees at several places. However, no casualties or major loss of property were reported from anywhere across the district.In Navelim, personnel from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) cleared a huge banyan tree that had uprooted in Navelim on Saturday, following heavy rains and gusty winds.However, F&ES; personnel were kept on their toes all through Monday attending to calls from the public, which were largely minor in nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250287", "title": "HC gives clean chit to jail officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: Responding to the petition-cum-complaint made by YS Jaganmohan Reddy against the 'intentional security lapses' of the authorities while shifting him from court to jail, principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Monday gave a clean chit to jail authorities. The judge, however, found fault with the Hyderabad police who despite prior information from the jail authorities failed to act in accordance with the Z category rules that are applicable in Jagan's case. It can be recalled that Jagan was brought in an ordinary police van last week and it was only after the intervention of the court that the authorities provided him a bullet-proof vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14261508", "title": "Himachal's lone silk mill on the brink of closure", "text": "SHIMLA: Known for its quality silk production, Nurpur Silk Mills, in Himachal Pradesh is on the brink of closure as efforts for its revival have failed to produce desired result.This unit of Himachal Pradesh government had earned profits until 1990 but for last over two decades this unit has been running into losses. So the state government now is contemplating to turn it into a training centre.Government had installed new reeling machines worth Rs 8 lakh in 1997 and even equipped the mill with computers but even this failed to change its fate. Hundreds of silk-worm rearers were hired indirectly. They would now face problems with the closure of the unit. Himachal Pradesh government this year in February had approved the Rs 4.83-crore cluster project for promoting sericulture to uplift silkworm rearers.In a statement issued in February, industries minister Kishan Kapoor, after reviewing the efforts initiated by the industries department to revive the silk-producing unit, Nurpur Silk Mill, had said the proposed project would benefit around 400 silkworm rearers of Kangra and Bilaspur districts. Kapoor himself had admitted that the silk produce of this unit once had international recognition and the state government was trying its best to revive its old glory.\"To restore the silk reeling unit in the mill with reduced input cost, the department recently set up a modern boiler in which firewood is being used as fuel for producing silk thread that had been stopped in 2000,\" he had claimed. But with unit again running into losses now the government is planning to stop the production of silk sarees and turn the unit into a centre to impart training on silk thread production and knitting. To run this training center, 18 employees of sericulture wing would also be absorbed. Sources said that central silk board too would help the industries department to run the training centre by providing Rs 24 lakh grant to create the required facilitis for the training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14265017", "title": "Vijay Awards 2012", "text": "The much awaited sixth Vijay Awards ceremony was held on June 16 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium, Chennai.Filmmaker KS Ravikumar, cameraman Rathnavel, Yugi Sethu, Nadhiya and Lizzy Priyadarshan were among the panel of jury members. The awards were conferred under different categories to 143 Tamil films released in 2011. The list of winners in different categories are as follows, Best Film - Engeyum Eppodhum Best Actor - Vikram (Deiva Thirumagal) Best Actress - Anjali (Engeyum Eppodhum) Best Villain - Ajith (Mankatha) Best Director - Vetrimaran (Aadukalam) Best Supporting Actor - Sarath Kumar (Kanchana) Best Supporting Actress - Uma Riaz (Mounaguru) Best Comedian - Santhanam (Siruthai) Best Comedian Jury Award - Kovai Sarala (Kanchana) Best Screenplay - Thiagarajan Kumararaja (Aaranya Kaandam) Best Debut Actor - Nani (Veppam) Best Dialogue - Samuthikirani (Poraali) Best Music Director - GV Prakash (Aadukalam) Best Background Score - Yuvan Shankar Raja ( Aaranya Kaandam) Best Cinematographer - PS Vinod (Aaranya Kaandam) Best Art Director - Seenu (Vaagai Sooda Vaa) Best Stunt Director - Dillip Subbarayan ( Aaranya Kaandam) Best Choreographer - Suchitra (Dia dia song from Avan Ivan) Best Editor - Kishore (Engeyum Eppodhum) Best Make Up - Kodandapani (7aam Arivu) Best Song - Yathe Yathe (Aadukalam) Best Singer (Male)- SPB for Aiyo (Aadukalam) Best Singer (Female)- Chinmayee for Saaru Kaathu (Vaagai Sooda Vaa) Best Find of The Year - Gibran (Vaagai Sooda Vaa) Best Crew - Aadukalam team Favourite Director - Venkat Prabhu (Mankatha) Favourite Film - Ko Favourite Song - Enammo Yedho (Ko) Special Jury Award - Baby Sarah (Deiva Thirumagal) Chevalier Sivaji Award - SPB Best Entertainer - DhanushSource: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253148", "title": "Anti-AIDS train to reach Odisha tomorrow", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Red Ribbon Express (RRE), which was flagged off in the second week of January from New Delhi as a part of the third edition of HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, will touch Odisha on Wednesday.After passing through Balangir, Bargarh, Sambalpur, Angul, Cuttack and Ganjam, the exhibition train will reach reach Mancheswar station in Bhubaneswar on July 10.The train will be stationed in Mancheswar for two days during its nationwide journey crossing 23 states, covering 162 halt stations to create awareness about the global scourge especially among the youths. The project is being implemented by Union ministry of health &amp; family welfare with the objective of increasing awareness and improving access to services for HIV/AIDS and communicable diseases including TB, Malaria and to increase access to reproductive &amp; child health primarily in rural areas of the country, a government release said,The special train with six coaches has several interactive ways to inform people about the disease as well as counseling. While three coaches dedicated for exhibition on HIV/AIDS, fourth coach exhibits on tuberculosis , malaria, reproductive and child health services, general health and hygiene. Going beyond the usual posters and pictures, the coaches have touch screens and 3-D models to disseminate information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253595", "title": "Haryana yet to okay stake in project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the detailed project report of Metro Rail is set to be put up before the ministry of urban planning and planning commission shortly, Haryana is yet to officially convey its partnership in the project, as has been done by the other stakeholder, Punjab.At a meeting of chief ministers of the two adjoining states with UT administrator Shivraj Patil last month, a detailed presentation on the project was given. \"Punjab CM agreed to the proposal in principle while his Haryana counterpart agreed to examine the proposal in detail,\" said a UT spokesperson.A senior UT official confirmed that a formal commitment from Haryana was yet to be received despite the rough financial model for the project based on equal contribution from both states.\"Punjab has already offered land for the project in Mullanpur, where it is coming up with an urban state. A corridor of Metro will also run into Mohali,\" said an official.As per the plan, Metro will go up to Sector 21 in Panchkula in the first phase to give a Tricity character to the project.Earlier, there was a plan to include Himachal Pradesh too in the financial model with a contribution of 10% of the total cost of Rs 8,000 crore for the first phase of the project. However, this was later ruled out as only a commuter rail will connect Metro to the hill state.As per the plan, the entire capital costs will have to be borne by administration and only operation and maintenance of the system can be outsourced to a private operator. A special purpose vehicle (SPV) would be formed with the participation of Chandigarh administration and ministry of urban development as joint venture partners with 50:50 equity. Later, state governments of Punjab and Haryana will join the SPV when the metro system is extended to Mohali and Panchkula.The overall cost of the entire Metro plan is estimated as Rs 5,615 crore, of which Rs 2,300 crore (Phase I - Rs 700 crore and Phase II - Rs 1600 crore) is for the commuter rail. Upgradation and widening of existing national highway will cost about Rs 645 crore (Phase I - Rs 385 crore and Phase II - Rs 260 crore). For proposed new bypasses and new roads Rs 2,670 crore will be required in Phase I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14253090", "title": "6-yr-old boy outwits kidnappers", "text": "PANCHKULA: An attempt was made to kidnap a six-year-old boy from outside his Sector 9 residence on Monday afternoon. Jashan, the courageous boy, foiled it by biting a kidnapper and raising an alarm.Jashan, a student of Class I in Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 15, along with his sister, had gone to a nearby shop to buy chocolates. \"While they were waiting at the shop, his sister went back to their house on hearing her cousin cry. When Jashan went looking for her, two unidentified youths followed him. They had come in a Tata van... one had a handkerchief and the other a rope. As one of them held his hands and forcibly tried to push him inside the van, he bit on his arm. As a result, the youth lost his grip and the child ran towards the shopkeeper and raised an alarm. They again followed Jashan, but fled in their van after the shopkeeper's wife shouted at them,\" said Balwant Singh, in-charge of Sector 10 police post.Shocked, his father Vinod Tembla, a businessman, said, \"I was in office when my elder daughter, a Class III student, called up and said an attempt to kidnap Jashan was made.\" His mother, an architect, too was not at home when the incident took place.On learning about it, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Parul Kush, a Crime Investigating Agency (CIA) team, detective staff and assistant commissioner of police Vinod Kumar reached the spot The assistant commissioner of police said, \"A case of attempt to kidnap has been registered on the parents' complaint.\" The cops are examining the footage of CCTV cameras installed outside a house, which is in front of the spot.'Family dramatizing it'Police did not take the abduction bid seriously, but also accused the family of dramatizing things. SHO Nupur Bishnoi asked the child if he had seen crime-based serials that he is behaving in such a way.\"It was wrong on the part of the SHO to ask such questions. It was when my child said the kidnappers had put a sedative on the handkerchief that they came up with this remark,\" said Vinod Tembla, Jashan's father. He added, \"It was wrong to say we are dramatizing the whole event. What about my children who can not even go outside now fearing a kidnap?\"SHO Nupur Bishnoi also told mediapersons that it seemed that the child had seen some crime-based TV serials and as a result they are dramatizing the event and telling that it seemed a sedative was applied on the handkerchief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253161", "title": "India to launch AWACS project to counter China, Pak", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Pakistan stealing a swift march in the \"eyes in the sky\" arena and China already way ahead, India is now going to launch its own full-blown futuristic AWACS (airborne warning and control system) programme.\"Clearances are underway\" to initially develop two AWACS aircraft, with four more to follow at a later stage, under the new `AWACS-India' project to be executed by DRDO and its Bangalore-based Centre for Air Borne Systems (CABS).\"Under it, 360-degree AESA (active electronically scanned array) radars will be mounted on large aircraft like IL-76, Boeing or Airbus,\" said a DRDO source.Potent force-multipliers like AWACS or AEW&C; (airborne early warning and control) systems have changed the entire nature of air warfare because they can detect incoming aerial threats, ranging from fighters to cruise missiles, much before ground-based radars.They also serve to direct air defence fighters during combat operations with enemy jets and also help in tracking troop build-ups.Pakistan already has four Swedish Saab-2000 AEW&C; aircraft, with four more Chinese ZDK-03 AWACS in the pipeline. China has around 20 AWACS, a mix of new and old systems, say sources.But IAF has only three Phalcon AWACS mounted on IL-76 aircraft, under the $1.1 billion tripartite agreement among India, Israel and Russia finalized in 2004, despite being confronted with two potentially hostile fronts.The case for two additional \"follow-on\" Phalcon AWACS, with a range of over 400-km and 360-degree coverage like the first three, has run into some rough weather due to sharp cost escalation.Moreover, DRDO's ongoing mini-AWACS project, under which indigenous AEW&C; systems are to be mounted on three Embraer-145 jets obtained from Brazil for $210-million, has also slipped after being approved in October, 2004, at a cost of Rs 1,800 crore.DRDO, however, contends the project is now on track. \"CABS will get the first Embraer, modified with antenna units and other structures mounted on its fuselage, in July,\" said an official.\"All electronic systems, with a normal radar range of 250-km and a 240-degree coverage, will then be integrated. The first flight should take place in early-2013. The project completion date is April 2014,\" said an official.IAF is awaiting the completion of the mini-AWACS project as well as the launch of the larger 'AWACS-India' programme with crossed fingers. AWACS also constitute a crucial constituent of its IACCS (integrated air command and control system) programme, the fully-automated network being set up to integrate the wide array of military radars with each other as well as with civilian radars to plug surveillance gaps in Indian airspace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14253778", "title": "Tattoo culture captures the town, citizens making a style statement", "text": "VARANASI: Decorating different parts of the body with permanent colourful designs and patterns has become a style statement among the younger lot these days. The tattoo culture, which was earlier confined to only a few cities, has well captured the town.When TOI tried to take a stock of the tattoo culture of the city, interesting facts surfaced.According to artists, the craze for tattoos has gained popularity in the city in 3-4 years. \"Earlier, the city was familiar with the old tradition of getting the skin burnt with a needle (godna). However, due to disappearing godna artists and loss of interest among people, the tradition is only confined to rural areas,\" says Prakhyat, who runs a tattoo shop at Mir Ghat. Tattoo, artists say, is different from godna in many aspects like safety and innovation. Even youngsters from Ghazipur, Jaunpur, Azamgarh and other places come to the city for tattooing.Most of the customers coming to get a tattoo done are school and college students. \"The craze for tattoos often increases when it is wedding or partying season like New Year, fresher's party at college and farewell parties,\" said an artist. \"I want my tattoo to be my identity among college friends , it looks contemporary and gives an stylish looks,\" says Anupam, a student.\"There is no harm in getting a tattoo done on shoulders or hands. It's a trend. My parents are aware of it and have no problem,\" says another student. Girls are not far behind in this race. \"Initially, girls were hesitant. But now they come and prefer small designs like butterflies, dolphins, flowers on neck, back, feet and hands. The boys like big designs,\" informed Ashok, another tattoo artist.Even married and middle aged couples are keen on getting the tattoos done.Flaunting of tattoos on special occasions like parties has become a style statement. Many people do not like the idea of permanent tattoos because of many reasons, the first and foremost being the pain that is caused during the process. \"Such people prefer temporary tattoos, which last for one month and cause no pain because the tattoo is sprayed and not needled,\" Ashok added.The religious importance of the city has paved way for mythological tattoos. Most of the tattoo shops of the city are located and in the serpentine lanes near the ghats, which is frequented by a large number of tourists and backpackers from all over the world.\"Foreigners prefer Sanskrit letters, images of Hindu gods and goddesses, holy symbols like Om and Swastik. Apart from these, hymns, name of Hindu gods and goddesses, musical notes, name of Vedas are some of the tattoo designs which foreign tourists prefer,\" said Sachin, a tattoo artist at Dashaswamedh Ghat.A lot of precaution should be taken while getting such a permanent embossing on the skin. According to an artist, merely checking that the needle is new will not do. \"The ink, pigments, bandage, needle should be thrown away once a design is done on one person. Since the ink used is costly and comes from countries like US and UK, some tattoo artists use the same ink bottle on another person, which is a wrong practice and needs to be checked by the customers. Tattoos should be avoided in summers,\" he added.According to Dr Arvind Singh, dermatologist, Shiv Prasad Gupta (SPG) Hospital, skin is not harmed in getting the tattoos. However, it can lead to blood transmitted infections like HIV, hepatitis B and other infections if same equipment are used on one person to another. \"It is also wise to check the pigments because many people are allergic to certain pigments,\" he added.Permanent tattoos cannot be removed by easily. The process of removal of tattoos is even more painful and involves a lot of money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252570", "title": "Sapling drive goes down the drain", "text": "BHOPAL: The state school education department's initiative to make students more aware about environment has apparently gone down the drain and with it a huge sum behind the initiative too.Titled Van Sanskaar, the project was handed out to the students of Classes VI-VIII on April 16 before the commencement of the summer break.Under the project, each student was provided with a sapling which was to be nurtured at home during the two-month long break. The students were then instructed to bring back the sapling on the first day after the schools reopened on June 16.More than 32 lakh students were given these saplings, each costing Rs 5, before the summer vacat-ions started.The then principal secretary, school education, Manoj Jhalani had said, \"The department is undertaking a sapling plantation drive for the first time in the state. This has been included under CCE ( Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation) where the students would be required to make a project as well.\"After the schools reopened, a teacher on the condition of anonymity said, \"No saplings have come back. Also with the change of principal secretary and commissioner, Rajya Shiksha Kendra, there are a few left to track the drive.\"Despite repeated attempts to contact, the principal secretary of school education Sanjay Singh remained unavailable for comment.The forest department had supplied the seeds and saplings at the cost Rs 5 each. Besides, 28,000 teachers were to undergo training for this exercise which would cost Rs 10 lakhs. The total cost of this project was around 9 crore.District education officer C M Upadhyay adopted a defensive stand on the issue stating, \"The rains haven't set in yet. Once they do, the students would bring back the saplings and plant them in the school premises. We have all the records to show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249636", "title": "Stay on recruitment of IPS officers from Army extended", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT)'s Guwahati bench on Monday extended the interim stay order on the proposed recruitment of IPS officers from the Army and central paramilitary forces through the limited competitive examination till July 23.The tribunal extended the period after the Centre, Union ministry of home affairs, ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions and other respondents pleaded for more time to file the counter-affidavit in the case.Earlier, the tribunal had asked the respondents to file replies by June 18. The stay order had come after six officers of Assam police challenged the amendments of the Indian Police Service (Recruitment) Rules, 1954, made by the Centre for the recruitment of IPS officers through limited competitive examination to fill up vacancies of IPS officers across the country.\"The tribunal extended the interim order as the respondents failed to furnish the reply affidavit within the given time frame and sought more time. Some of the respondents said that they are yet to get the instructions and will need more time to react on the order,\" said Rajib Borpujari, counsel of the petitioners.The six police officers, who challenged the amendments, are Swapnaneel Deka, Amitava Sinha, Sanjib Das, Bedanta Rajkhowa, Devajyoti Mukherjee and Mantu Thakuria and are the officers of the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) or above in Assam Police.The petitioners had challenged the amendments saying that the state governments can fill up the vacant posts of IPS officers if needed from the existing pool of qualified officers of the State Police Services.\"It's a known fact that there are a lot of vacancies for officers in the Army. If the government wants to shift army officers to fill up IPS vacancies, then it's again going to add to more vacancies in the Army thus creating another problem for the government. Moreover, military officers are specialized in their own areas and it's quite different from normal policing,\" said Amitava Sinha, a petitioner.Sinha added that IPS officers have two categories and the new amendment is going to create a third category.The tribunal also directed the Centre not to make any appointment without taking leave of the tribunal. In 2011, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had approved ground rules for the limited competitive examination to recruit IPS cadres from officers below 35 years, serving in armed forces, as well as central and state police forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252355", "title": "Nashik police to rejig workforce, policing areas", "text": "NASHIK: A lopsided distribution of personnel and uneven distribution of territorial jurisdiction has made the city police commissionerate to send a proposal to the state government to redraw the policing areas and restructure the manpower of Nashik Road and Upnagar police stations.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal admitted that there was an imbalance on division of jurisdictions between the two police stations and allocation of staff. He said a proposal has already been sent to the state government to look at restructuring the police stations and he was expecting to get an approval soon.For instance, though Upnagar police station covers a wider area than the Nashik Road but with lesser manpower. Upnagar has 88 approved posts of constables and 4 officers, Nashik Road has 217 constables and 14 officers. Considering there are weekly offs and other leaves, not more than 25-28 policemen from Upnagar police station are on the field at any given point of time, said a policeman from the station, adding there is hardly any personnel to man the entire jurisdiction efficiently.From the footpath towards its side of the Jail Road to the road towards Devlali Camp comes under the jurisdiction of Upnagar police station. Besides, it also covers Janardhan Nagar towards the Jail Road side and Six Number Naka towards the Devlali Camp road.The Upnagar police station has to keep a vigil on a large number of densely populated residential areas of the city compared to that of the Nashik Road police station, the police officials said.Though the officials said they did not want to make a comparison between Upnagar and Nashik Road police stations, the fact lies that Nashik Road in spite of having a smaller chunk of urban areas has additional staff than that of Upnagar.But some officials are of the view that a newer police station always has a lesser staff to start with. Hence, the condition of the Upnagar police station and the Adgaon police station is nearly the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249671", "title": "Arrested Juhapura arms seller says gang leader is in UP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ever-rising land prices and the fights following it led to a gun race in some parts of the city, say city police officials. The trend came to light when a police team nabbed Mohammed Ayub Shaikh, 46, a resident of Fatewadi in Juhapura on Sunday for peddling country-made guns. Shaikh, a native of Uttar Pradesh, said that he had got more than five guns to the city for higher profit margins.Cops said that Shaikh used to buy guns for Rs 20,000 each and sell them for more than Rs 60,000 in the city. \"All the guns are of very high quality with good finishing, giving it the look of branded weapons. The pistols also bear the mark of Made in Spain, made by ironsmiths in UP. If needed a team will be sent to UP to track down the gun peddler,\" said a Zone I official.On Sunday, officials nabbed Shaikh from near Vishala Circle on basis of a tip-off. Along with him, police nabbed Shoeb Khan Pathan, 28, and Mohammed Rasir Pathan, 28, both residents of Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, who had come to meet Shaikh. On searching them, two pistols and 21 cartridges with two extra magazines were found. Shaikh said that he was in touch with a man identified as Shabbir Master, a resident of Akbarpur in UP, who had sent the youths for the first time to Gujarat for the weapon delivery.\"We have also started search for other weapons delivered by Shaikh in the city. On the basis of his confession, on Sunday we arrested three - Haider Khan Pathan, 63, a resident of Shah-e-Alam, Maksud Ahmed Sheikh, 44, a resident of Jivraj Park, and Lalubha Vagela, 58, a resident of Sanand - who purchased guns from him. In total, firearms worth Rs 5 lakh were seized from the group.,We have sought a four-day remand for Shaikh and other accused. We are hopeful of finding more illegal weapons\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251257", "title": "Police department transfers 92 assistant sub-inspectors", "text": "PANAJI: The police department on Monday transferred 92 assistant sub-inspectors (ASIs) across the state with immediate effect.The transfer order was issued by superintendent of police Shekhar Prabhudessai after getting approval from the police establishment board.Some of these ASIs are those who were transferred during the recent assembly elections. It may be recalled that spouses of these ASIs had agitated outside the office of the chief electoral officer to revert back the transfers.One ASI each has been transferred from Anjuna, Calangute, Canacona, CID SB, Vasco railways, Colva, Escort cell Mapusa, Harbour, Sanguem, office of SP south, Valpoi, traffic cell Curchorem, Mapusa, Margao and Ponda. Two ASIs each have been transferred from Agacaim, CID EOC Panaji, Cuncolim, Curchorem, Old Goa, Porvorim, Quepem and TC Vasco. Three each from Konkan railways, Maina Curtorim and Verna. Four ASIs have been transferred from Vasco. Five each from Bicholim, Mapusa, Margao town, Ponda and traffic cell Panaji. Six each from Panaji, SPCR Panaji and eight from Goa reserve police.Sources in the police department also said that in the next two days transfer orders of police sub inspectors and hawaldars are likely to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14257470", "title": "Dalit found dead in Hisar village", "text": "HISAR: Tension gripped Bhagana village of Hisar district after a 45-year-old dalit Rajkumar was on Monday found dead in mysterious circumstances in his room, which was locked from outside.Police have been deployed in the village in view of the recent caste conflict that has taken place in the area.The cops have ruled out any foul play and termed the dalit's death as a natural one. However, investigation into the matter is on.Rajkumar belongs to a Punjab village but a few years back, he shifted to Bhagana village with his wife. The man had also joined the dalits in their protest against the upper caste members in front of the district headquarters at Hisar. Around a month back, about 70 families had staged a dharna at Hisar following a dispute over free residential plots of 100 square yards under Mahatma Gandhi Gramin Basti Yojana (MNREGA).SHO of sadar police station, Hisar, Sulochana Gajraj, said, \"We have recovered a bottle of celphos in the deceased's room though no suicide note has been recovered from the spot. We are waiting for the autopsy report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14255746", "title": "Pizza boy held for blackmail", "text": "BANGALORE: A pizza-delivery man has been arrested for allegedly trying to blackmail a girl . S Swamy , 28, a resident of Peenya II Stage ,hasbeen threatening to circulate the girl's pictures via MMS.Swamy , also known as Manish Pandey, Sridhar and Ram, was arrested on Sunday. Investigations revealed that he trapped at least 10 girls . He would collect girls' numbers from the pizza outlet where he worked, call them, and gradually, many turned into casual relationships. He would then force them to sleep with him, and later , threaten to circulate their pictures via MMS.The victims , many of whom were afraid to approach police , also included schoolgirls . \"One of the victim's marriage was called off as she fell into his trap ,\" HS Revanna , deputy commissioner of police (North division ) told TOI.He was arrested following a complaint by Neha (name changed ), a resident of Pipeline Road . Neha told Yeshwantpur police that she had been receiving threatening calls for the pastone month . Swamy has been threatening to circulate Neha's pictures if she didn't meet him.Police traced the number to a pizza joint in Peenya II Stage where Swamy worked.About three years ago , Swamy was caught by KR Pet Town police for circulating fake notes . After spending six months in Mandya district jail , Swamy came to Bangalore and joined a pizza outlet.A native of Kothanaghatta village in Hassan, Swamy left for Mumbai in 1998 to work in a restaurant . He returned to his native village after working in Mumbai for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14257516", "title": "Diamond hub uses Facebook to highlight problems", "text": "SURAT: Residents mainly associated with diamond industry in Varachha, Puna and Katargam have started to raise issues pertaining to civic amenities, traffic, illegal construction, public transportation etc. on Facebook.Diamond workers, owners, traders and merchants, particularly the young generation, have formed groups such as 'Aapnu Punagame Surat', 'Varachha Road' and 'Katargam Road' to pressurize their local leaders and also officers of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC), Police and district collectorate into taking steps for their well-being.The three groups have about 900 members and they actively post messages on the sites to update fellow members about the issues and developments.One of the common issues raised by these groups is about stray cattle roaming on busy roads.Kaushik Patel, a FB member on Aapnu Punagam Surat, writes, \"The bridge connecting Varachha and Katargam remains busy throughout the day and commuters have to face difficulties due to stray cattle menace. Accidents take place on this route daily and thus we request the civic authorities to catch the stray cattle roaming freely on the roads.\"Another member, Pravin Bhalala, writes, \"Something has to be done by the authorities to control the increasing number of auto rickshaws in the city.\"Traffic problems have been the order of the day at Bombay Market and Sitanagar Chokdy as autowallas deliberately stand in the middle of the roads looking for passengers.\"Manish Kapadia, also a FB member, writes, \"It is over five years since Puna was brought in within SMC's limits. But the civic body is yet to set up basic facilities like toilets etc for people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14265451", "title": "Stop picnics, start eco-tourism in Sundarbans: Bengal forest dept", "text": "KOLKATA: Taking a leaf out of the mandatory in-flight instructions that stewards and stewardesses deliver prior to each flight, informing passengers how to fasten the seat belt and what to do in an exigency, the state forest department wants all tourist agencies in the Sunderbans, including boat owners, to spell out the dos and don'ts to tourists before they embark on the tour.The proposal is part of the first serious initiative to transform the tourist scene in the Sunderbans that is currently nothing more than picnic tourism. A majority of the 3 lakh visitors who go to the Sunderbans do so to have fun without bothering about the ecology. During the day, they feast on board, litter the creeks and rivers with thermocol plates and plastic bottles and dancing to loud music at night while the boat is anchored mid-river.\"\"We want to end irresponsible tourism and promote eco-tourism in the Sunderbans. To do so, we need the cooperation of all stakeholders. This is a clarion call for all-NGOs; tour operators; boat and lodge owners-to partner with the forest department and create awareness on the need to preserve the region's ecology while conducting tourism activities,\"\" Sunderban Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas told a stakeholders' meeting in the city on Monday.Though the draft of what guides and helpers on boats will tell tourists before the trip is yet to be worked out, it will broadly be along these lines: \"\"Dear guests, welcome on board. Fasten your seatbelts for a trip to the Sunderbans, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. During this journey through the Sunderbans' rich biodiversity that is home to the world's largest tiger reserve, one must not disturb the fragile ecosystem.Plastic carry bags are strictly prohibited. Those who have plastic bags must deposit them and take jute bags in return. Do not throw plastic bottles, thermocol plates or any litter into the water. And please maintain silence, speaking only in whispers so that everyone can enjoy the sounds of the forest. Playing loud music is strictly prohibited. Here's wishing you a very pleasant experience.\"\"Suggesting a three-pronged effort to curb pollution in the Sunderbans, Vyas said the forest department would form strategic partnerships for education and awareness of tourists and then undertake enforcement of existing laws to wipe out the menace.The department has also suggested a strict ban on plastic glasses, thermocol plates and polybags into the region. \"\"NGOs can distribute jute bags to boat and launch operators. If any tourist has a plastic bag, it can be confiscated and a jute bag handed out at a price or for free. Boat operators can also use melamine plates, glasses and spoons that can be washed and reused. Also, NGOs can network to check entry and exit of packaged water bottles,\"\" Vyas said.Incidentally, the plastic ban has been in force for over a decade but has not had much effect till now due to lack of sustained movement. However, following complaints from tourists and a section of tour operators of indiscriminate littering, the forest department has woken up to the situation and is now seeking the help of stakeholders to reign in the problem.\"\"We don't want to start with fines. But if the situation does not improve soon, we will have to take punitive action. Responsibility will be fixed on tour and boat operators to ensure that they do not allow littering and use of loudspeakers. NGOs will be encouraged to carry out periodic clean up drives along the river banks. Unless we adopt these practices, the Sunderbans will be over-run by waste plastic and thermocol,\"\" Vyas added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250283", "title": "Task force set up for airport revamp work", "text": "MUMBAI: After a high-level review meeting on the delay in the modernization work of Mumbai airport fell through, a task force has been formed to look into it. To be headed by chief secretary J K Banthia, the task force will comprise officials from the state, civil aviation ministry, AAI and MIAL.Concerned over the delays and cost escalation, Union aviation minister Ajit Singh, along with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, held a meeting at the airport. Besides reviewing a presentation by MIAL, and holding discussions with stakeholders, they undertook an aerial survey of the airport and the surrounding area. The aerial visit, a source said, was meant to provide the ministers a first-hand account of encroachments, reportedly a prime reason behind the slow progress. A government survey had earlier showed about 80,000 slum families stayed on the 120-hectare airport land, a sizeable section of which fell on the 40-hectare aeronautical zone. \"We have made a time-bound programme to resolve all the problems facing modernization of the Mumbai airport,\" Singh later said.Contentious issues over the extension of the Juhu aerodrome, the Navi Mumbai airport, and the Multi-Modal International Hub in Nagpur (MIHAN) were also taken up. The task force will look into them as well. \"The NMIA and MIHAN have problems over land acquisition. Some of the land is with the Centre but the rest has to be acquired,\" Chavan said.With paucity of land impacting plans for slum rehabilitation, MIAL on Monday reiterated their demand for allotment of 100 acres in Kanjurmarg, and 41 acres inside the Kalina campus.Min firm on AI standCivil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Monday reiterated his stand on Air India pilot's strike. \"We are open to talks, but the pilots are not ready. They can be taken back on a case-to-case basis if they called off the strike and came for negotiation without any pre-condition,\" he said. Singh said AI would take a call on commanders and hire new pilots accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14253147", "title": "Dempo players await Shah Rukh Khan deal", "text": "PANAJI: Dempo Sports Club players are eagerly awaiting for confirmation of their club's association with Shah Rukh Khan.The I-League champions are in an advanced stage of negotiations with the Bollywood star who is said to be keen on buying 50 percent stakes in the record-breaking Goan club.\"Has Shah Rukh already closed the deal? This will be a major decision for Indian football,\" said former India captain and Dempo midfielder Climax Lawrence.\"Shah Rukh's entry into Indian football is not just good news for the club but also for Indian football. Personally, I believe his association will change the face of Indian football,\" said the midfielder.Just like Lawrence, several other Dempo players believe Shah Rukh's teaming up with the club will give ailing Indian football a new lease of life.\"Recently, several corporates have shown interest in Indian football but there will never quite be anything like Shah Rukh. The sponsors will flock, there will be plenty of crowd at the stadiums and Indian football will never be the same again,\" said India and Dempo defender Samir Naik.The team and the players, though, will have to wait for a while before both parties sign on the dotted line. According to club chairman Shrinivas Dempo, the club could close down the deal with the Bollywood star - who also co-owns IPL winning Kolkata Knight Riders - latest by July.\"We are sitting down and negotiating. Talks are progressing well but there are issues that need to be sorted out. Shah Rukh Khan himself is in London (for a film shoot) and once he returns to India we can hope to close the deal,\" said Dempo.Officials from Dempo and representatives of the Bollywood star have continued their meetings since news broke out that both sides have agreed on a partnership deal early this month. But while there has been no change in positions, the I-League champions believe it is only a matter of time before the loose ends are tied.Not just Dempo players but Indian football will await the announcement with bated breath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14257011", "title": "SHIATS entrance examination to be held on June 20", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The all India level entrance examination of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture &amp; Technology (SHIATS) would be held on June 20. Being conducted at 26 test centres spread across the country, the authorities have made elaborative arrangements for smooth conduct of the said exam.Detailing on the preparations of the entrance exam, the Registrar of SHIATS, Prof AKA Lawrence said that the entrance examination will be conducted in different test centres of various cities across the country including Allahabad, Agra, Bareilly, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Dehradun, Guwahati, Gwalior, Hyderabad, Imphal, Indore, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kohima, Lucknow, Nagpur, Nashik, New Delhi, Patna, Raipur, Ranchi, Bangalore, Shillong and Udaipur.The entrance examination will be held in two shifts. In the first shift examination for admission in undergraduate programmes would be held between 9.00 am to 11.00 am. In second shift examination for admission in postgraduate courses like BEd, MEd, BPEd etc and it would be conducted at 1.00 pm to 3.00 pm. Prof Lawrence added that more than 10,000 students will took part in the entrance examination and their admit cards are available on the university website www.shiats.edu. in.The registrar further informed that in Allahabad, the entrance examination will be held at three centres which are Bishop Johnson School &amp; College, Civil Lines, Merry Lucas School &amp; College, Merry Wanamaker Girls Intermediate College, Katra. Director administration of SHIATS Vinod B Lal reviewed the preparation of entrance examination in all three centres of Allahabad city and held a number of meetings with employees, officers for successful and transparent conducting the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14250506", "title": "3 bus accidents in one day, woman dies", "text": "GUNTUR: Even before the horrific bus tragedy that killed 30 Shirdi-bound pilgrims goes out of one's memory, three bus accidents in coastal districts on Monday sent shock waves across the state. While one passenger was crushed to death in one mishap, nearly 50 passengers had a miraculous escape. In all the three mishaps, buses overturned, slipped and jumped into roadside bushes.In the first mishap, a Tirupati-Vijayawada bus skidded off the road near Rajupalem village in Kodavalur mandal on the national highway in Nellore district in the early hours.A passenger of Anakapalle of Visakhapatnam district, Gangabhavani died on the spot and 20 passengers suffered injuries. The injured were rushed to Nellore government hospital. The bus belonged to a private operator (Moonlight Travels). Sources said ignoring the pleas of the passengers, the driver ran the bus at a high speed resulting in the road accident.In another mishap, an APSRTC bus fell into a roadside ditch near Kunchanapalle village in Tadepalle mandal of Guntur district leaving 35 passengers screaming and shouting for help. The incident occurred around 10am just 15 minutes before the bus was to reach its destination, Vijayawada. The driver lost control while taking a sharp turn near Kolanukonda.Ten passengers were injured in the accident. They were shifted to the government hospital in Vijayawada.Police said no passenger had received life threatening injuries as locals and policemen reached the spot quickly and rescued all those trapped in the ill-fated bus. The bus driver surrendered to the police.In yet another accident, about 40 schoolchildren had a providential escape when their bus overturned near Boddikurapadu village of Tallur mandal in Prakasam district in the morning. About four children received minor injuries.An inexperienced driver drove the bus, it was learnt. Police detained the driver and said they would book cases against the school management if any lapses were found.Reacting sharply on the series of road accidents, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy directed the transport department to launch a massive crackdown on the errant private travels as well as school bus operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14256679", "title": "Floating idea: Olympics on space station", "text": "WASHINGTON: A crew of astronauts due to launch to the space station this summer is planning an orbital sporting event to mark the upcoming Olympic Games in London.Nasa astronaut Sunita (Suni) Williams, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency spaceflyer Akihiko Hoshide and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko are due to launch July 14 to the International Space Station.Their planned four-month stay in space will overlap with the London 2012 Olympics July 27 to August 12, so the sporty spaceflyers have something up their sleeves to celebrate the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250580", "title": "Transport department officials raid private bus operators", "text": "HYDERABAD: Awakened by the deadly accident involving a city-based private luxury bus in Maharashtra in which 30 people were killed, officials of the transport department on Monday conducted searches at the offices of private bus operators across the state. During the searches, it was found that licences of some of the bus operators had expired while some of them were operating without mandatory permissions.The searches were conducted by teams of officials at the offices of the private bus operators in Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Tirupati, Guntur, Kurnool, Nellore, Anantapur and Hyderabad. Sources said the RTA officials checked whether the private bus operators complied with the rules. The private buses transport thousands of passengers to major cities and a number of other destinations daily.Deputy transport commissioner A Mohan Rao told TOI in Vijayawada that they were inspecting the records on booking of tickets, places of bookings, cash transactions, mode of payment and online bookings.\"We are also collecting information on the buses being operated by the private transporters on various routes, list of their drivers and their career records,\" he said.The searches were carried out on 200 operators. Across the state, there are 600 travel agents. Each travel agent should renew the licence once every three years but they hardly adhere to the rule. When questioned, additional transport commissioner Srinivas said that 99% of the buses registered in the state have fitness certificate and permits. \"We have decided to take action against the owner of the Kaleswari bus operator whose vehicle had fallen into a rivulet in Maharashtra resulting in the death of 30 passengers including IT major employees ,'' Srinivas said.Special teams headed by deputy transport commissioners swooped down on the offices of leading private transport operators like Kesineni, Sri Kaleswar, Moonlight, SRKT, Sri Krishna, Padmavathi, Diwakar, Venkata Ramana and others. The RTA decided to launch the crackdown after the private bus fell off a bridge on way to Shirdi on Saturday last.Sources said the private operators run 3,500 services daily to important cities within the state as well other metros and pilgrim centres in the country. Despite allegations of private operators resorting to large-scale violations, the government rarely acted against them due to pressures from highly influential operators. Sources said that former minister J C Diwakar Reddy-owned Diwakar Travels operates 80 per cent of its services from Rayalaseema region to Bangalore and Chennai throwing rules to the winds. No official from the transport department has ever dared to conduct raids on the offices of Diwakar Travels.Similarly, a majority of the travel operators from Krishna district have direct contacts with the high and mighty. Frequent transfer of transport commissioners in itself is an evidence of the influence of the operators on the government, sources said. In addition to evading taxes, the private operators do not care to keep their buses fit. \"The government is likely to issue notices to the errant operators in a day or two after completion of the raids,\" said an official.Four special teams led by Eluru deputy transport commissioner A Venkateswara Rao raided 16 travel operators' offices in Vizag. Sources said the private bus operators pay Rs 7,000 to Rs 9,000 per seat as a quarterly tax to the government whereas the tax is Rs 2,625 in the state. \"Nobody knows as to where the money goes. Also, this has encouraged the increase in number of Volvo operators,\" a source said.Eight special teams raided 40 private travel agency offices in Hyderabad. \"To book tickets, private operators should have an agent licence. We are verifying the records to see if the operators have these,\" joint transport commissioner (Hyderabad) G Panduranga Rao said. The 40 travel agencies operate 450 buses daily from the state capital to various places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14253426", "title": "Pourakarmikas demand fair tenders", "text": "HUBLI: Dharwad district SC/ST Pourakarmika Naukarara Sangha has alleged that many irregularities took place in the tender process to award HDMC's cleaning contract.Vijay Guntral, president of the Sangha alleged that some contractors created fake names of pourakarmikas and got the money from the HDMC without doing any works. As many as 600 fake names have been created, he alleged. While there are only 1,000 pourakarmikas working in the twin cities, the HDMC document shows 1,700 names, he said.Contractors are opposing the HDMC's e-tender because there will be no room for creating fraudulent documents, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264789", "title": "Remo D'Souza to direct action film", "text": "Ace choreographer-turned-director Remo D'Souza, who is gearing for the release of his dance-centric drama, 'Any Body Can Dance' (ABCD)', is now all set to make an action movie which he claims will be the most expensive venture in India till date.\"It is a big action movie that I am working on.. it is not like Rowdy Rathore or Dabangg. It is something else. It is original script,\" Remo told PTI in an interview.\"These are all remakes ( Rowdy Rathore )....it is all 80s masala, which is back again. And after every few years the trend changes. All I can say is the action film that I will be making will be of Hollywood stature,\" he said.When asked is the recent success of action films a source of inspiration for him to this film, Remo says, \"No. This action film was something I always wanted to do. I have been working on this script since seven years. It is a very big film and people get scared to put in that much amount. Because that film will be India's most expensive one. It will be shot in 3D.\"\"I am approaching people...so let's see if somebody is ready to put in that much money...lets see how it shapes up,\" the Faltu director said.Remo's next project Any Body Can Dance (ABCD)' is India's first high-octane dance film in 3D, starring film industry's best choreographers of the last few decades with Prabhu Deva and Ganesh Acharya playing key roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14250823", "title": "Woman living alone killed in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Martha Dias, a woman in her late fifties and living alone, was found murdered in her house at Sasmollem, Baina on Monday. Dias was found lying in a pool of blood with her throat silt and 4-5 stab marks on her stomach. One of her ears also had a cut.Police sources said they have no clue as to the reason behind the murder. Dias' car has been stolen.The incident came to light when her maid Pushpa Majalkar arrived for work at 9.30am and Dias failed to open the door. Police said Majalkar then went to the back door where Dias usually kept vessels for washing, but found the door locked and no vessels. Noticing that Dias' car was not in the parking lot, Majalkar returned thinking her employer had gone out. At 12:30pm, when again nobody opened the door, the maid alerted the neighbors who broke open the back door and found Dais dead. The neighbours then informed Vasco police.Dias has been living alone since the death of her husband Felix a couple of years back. Her son works on board a ship. Since she lived alone, there is no account of missing items. A wireless message regarding the stolen car has been sent across the state.DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"According to our inquiry, Dias would not allow strangers easily into her house. Since everything in the house is intact, we suspect this to be the work of a person known to her.\"Police said, \"The person must have killed her and banged the front door behind, which gets locked automatically.\"A neighbour said Dias and she had a chat at about 7:30pm on Sunday evening. Police suspect that the murder took place on Sunday night as Dias' dinner was not touched, though it was ready. Neighbours also said that a couple of days back Dais' dog had died and it was suspected that it had been poisoned.In a similar incident last July at Dabolim, an elderly couple had been attacked in their bungalow and Ivone Paes murdered, though her husband Maximiano escaped death. A year later, Verna police have made no headway in the investigation. This is the second incident in Mormugao where a senior citizen staying alone has been attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256070", "title": "Swanky bus bay to replace age-old depot", "text": "KOLKATA: Riddled with illegal parking and ever increasing traffic, the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) has finally devised a solution to tackle the prevalent menace. The parking problem in Sector V is all set to be solved.The city's IT hub will is soon get going to have a swanky multistoried parking plaza and an underground bus terminus that will do away with the parking problem in the area. be set up by the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA).The authorities have selected the existing CSTC depot located beside the Wipro campus for the project. \"We are working on the designs. The project, based on the public-private-partnership model, will come up on this five acre plot and cost around Rs 5000 crore. It is a five acre plot and the project will roughly cost about Rs 500 crore and will be implemented on the public-private-partnership (PPP) model. Presently, we are working on drawing the designs,\" said NDITA chief executive officer Badrinarayan Kar. The authorities will invite private players to construct the plaza once the design is finalised and ready for implementation.The bus depot, which is in a dilapidated condition, will be demolished and the buseswill be accommodated in the new underground space that will be created. Apart from these vehicles, some buses plying on other routes will also be accommodated here. On the other hand, the multistoried parking plaza will be built on the surface and will accommodate about 3,000 cars. Besides, it will have a separate commercial space and a food court where the NDITA plans to rehabilitate the street food vendors. This would help curb encroachment on road space. now in business on footpaths will be rehabilitated.Also, there could be short pick-up bus routes for employees who will park their cars in the parking plaza. The authorities are also mulling an option to develop intercity bus links where buses would ferry passengers only within Sector V. Earlier, it was decided that no new bus routes would could be permitted to ply in Sector V as there is already much pressure. The authorities were rather working on making certain roads open to one way traffic. only and set up more parking lots to solve the problem of cars parked illegally on roads.Illegal parking and ever increasing traffic have always been among the NDITA's most challenging problems since its very inception. Many cars could be have been seen to have parked on both sides of the roads and some were even parked in the no-parking zones. Police could not take harsh action due to non-availability of proper parking space. The previous NDITA board had introduced some designated car parking lots - like on the stretch near Swasthya Bhavan - but those have not been properly put into effect. But once the proposed project is complete, the problem will be solved to a great extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14255146", "title": "Daughter of ex-Karnataka MP kidnapped, Rs 35L demanded", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Koppal MP H G Ramulu's daughter was kidnapped from near Jayanagar shopping complex on Monday. The abductors have demanded Rs 35 lakh to free her.Vishnunandana, 47, her husband Ravikumar and cousin Dolly had gone to the complex in the evening. Around 6.30pm, a man and a woman accosted them and took Vishnunandana aside. As she didn't return for a long time, Ravikumar and Dolly started looking for her.Soon, Dolly received a call on her mobile. The caller said Vishnunandana was in his custody. The call was traced to an AP number. Later, Ravikumar received a call from his wife, who said she had been kidnapped and her captors wanted Rs 35 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251699", "title": "Congress snubs Digvijaya Singh for speaking out of turn", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday snubbed Digvijaya Singh, saying that its most vocal general secretary was not authorized to speak on the party's behalf.\"Digvijay Singh is not officially authorized to speak on behalf of the party,\" the AICC said in a media release. The unusual statement was seen as reflection of the leadership's annoyance with the senior leader, who has been quite voluble in the first three years of UPA-II.The announcement, virtually saying that Singh speaks for himself, came two days after he in a TV interview called the Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee \"erratic\" and \"immature\", and was being seen as an attempt to mollify the estranged West Bengal CM. Singh had also blamed Banerjee for embarrassing both the Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Sources said that the party leadership was upset with the office-bearer for saying in the same interview that the party could consider backing Vice-President Hamid Ansari for a second term, emphasizing that the party was yet to form a view on the matter.The tough talk on Banerjee did not gel with the Congress's attempt to give fresh provocation to the Trinamool chief. Although the ties between the two parties have strained since the Congress defied Banerjee to name Pranab Mukherjee as its Presidential candidate, the party at the same time does not wish to lose the support of her 19 members in the Lok Sabha since a split would enhance its dependence on the Samajwadi Party (SP).However, the irrepressible general secretary made light of the party's statement emphasizing that his views should not be confused with those of the party. \"The media cell of AICC has clarified that I am not the party spokesman. When did I claim I am the spokesman? What the media committee has said is true\". Asked whether the extraordinary party statement was a put down for him for deviating from the party line, he retorted: \"You must be joking.\"This is not the first instance when Singh with his outspokenness has run afoul of the party's insistence on maintaining silence and discretion on sensitive matters. The remarks of the general secretary, who has worked closely with Rahul Gandhi, on the Batla House encounter as well as his attack on Union home minister P Chidambaram for the government's anti-Naxal policy had annoyed many in the party and the government, while providing both ammunition and mirth to opponents.During the peak of Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign, Singh had frequent run-ins with the civil society faction. Many in the party criticize him also for frequently wading into issues which are outside his organizational responsibility.When asked about the announcement, Congress spokesman Manish Tewari suggested such statements were reflective of the party directive. Tewari also struck a conciliatory note towards Banerjee, appealing her to support Mukherjee in the July 19 Presidential election. He also dubbed as \"resting on erroneous assumption\" questions over Congress's options if Banerjee walks out of the alliance.Tewari also pointed out that Mukherjee has described the Trinamool Congress chief as his sister and had made a personal appeal to vote for him in the presidential election. Replying to a query, Tewari dismissed as \"very hypothetical\" questions regarding the SP joining the UPA ahead of the Presidential election and said \"our appeal to all parties is for support to Mukherjee's candidature\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14264294", "title": "French consulate official arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: French Consulate official, Pascal Mazurier, accused of raping his three-and-a-half-year-old daughter, was arrested today, police said.The arrest comes a day after the Ministry of Home Affairs clarified to the city police that the accused did not enjoy any diplomatic immunity and action can be taken as per law.High Grounds Police, under the jurisdiction of which the French Consulate office here is located took Muzurier into custody in connection with the complaint by his wife Suja Jones, a Keralite, police said.Police had registered a case of rape against Mazurier, Deputy Head of Chancery in the Consulate of France, Bangalore.French government sources had said in Delhi that Indian law will take its course as the accused working in its Bangalore Consulate does not hold a diplomatic passport and enjoys no immunity.The Union home ministry had asked the Karnataka Police to approach the French Consul General in Bangalore to get access to Mazurier.Suja Jones, an Indian citizen, has accused him of raping their daughter and has requested that he be restrained from leaving the country till legal proceedings were completed and that under no circumstance should he be allowed custody of their three children who are French nationals.She had appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and external affairs minister S M Krishna to intervene in the matter.Suja had reported the case to police with the help of a Bangalore-based NGO after her maid told her that her child was sexually abused by her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249739", "title": "Fresh trouble for ex-gangster", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Monday re-arrested former gangster Ashwin Naik in a third case of threatening and under the Arms Act. Sources said the crime branch has sought legal opinion on invoking MCOCA.Adil Shaikh, who runs a fish pedicure outlet at a Goregaon mall, had lodged a criminal complaint against his business partner Hashim Gaya and Naik. The complainant had withdrawn his partnership with Gaya and the two agreed on a settlement of Rs 8.8 lakh. \"On December 24, 2011, Gaya called Shaikh to Lower Parel. There, Naik's aides Dinesh Bhau and Usman Bhai took him to the ex-gangster's house, where the complainant was threatened and made to settle the deal with Gaya for Rs 3.25 lakh,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253023", "title": "Plan to park buses in IP plant opposed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department's plan to utilize the space within the soon-to-be renovated Indraprastha power plant for parking cluster buses seems to have hit a roadblock with the umbrella transportation body, UTTIPEC, objecting to the plan.A senior government official said, \"There is an acute lack of space for cluster depots. While some new depots have been opened recently in Sunehri Nullah on Lodhi Road, the fact is that cluster buses have no parking place. The space identified within the IP power plant premises would have accommodated over 200 buses.\"In a recent governing body meeting however, UTTIPEC officials objected to the proposed parking site in the IP power plant renovation project. \"The proposed bus parking site within the redevelopment project of IP power station is not desirable considering that the movement of buses will have a negative impact due to fuel, oil leakage and many other problems due to washing, cleaning etc. as the same fall in the river bed ('O' Zone). Alternate sites for bus depot should be identified in consultation with concerned agencies/stakeholder,\" says the minutes of the meeting.Officials say a parking site within the IP plant premises would defeat the purpose of converting the plant into a biodiversity zone. The IP power plant, which is scheduled to be fully decommissioned soon, will be converted into a biodiversity zone with a cultural and public space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249676", "title": "Indira Gandhi and my wife are the two women who inspired me: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Away from the humdrum of politics, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday was at his candid best while speaking out about his personal life. Interacting with reporters in the Guest of the Month programme at Guwahati Press Club, the chief minister said his was an arranged marriage as he never had the time for dating. On women who inspired his life, Gogoi said apart from his wife, Dolly, it was Indira Gandhi.\"When I talk about women who inspired me, I have to name Indira Gandhi and my wife. Indira Gandhi inspired me a lot, and on various occasion she trusted me with different responsibilities. On the other hand, it was my wife who really looked after me, my children and my home. Without my wife I would not be what I am,\" Gogoi said and with a broad smile added that he has the blessings of all women.When a woman journalist complained that Gogoi's bodyguards often come between mediapersons trying to get near the CM, Gogoi cheerfully answered saying that he often faces similar obstacle when we wants to meet the Prime Minister. \"Even my wife hesitate to go anywhere with me because of the strict security regime. Sometimes, I am prevented from getting close to the Prime Minister by the commandos. But there is nothing wrong with it because they are trained and entrusted for this duty. We can't help it,\" Gogoi explained.Gogoi also said that when he left New Delhi and got involved with running the party in Assam and subsequently became chief minister in 2001, many within the Congress expressed scepticism that he would not fit in n the state politics scene and would not be a successful chief minister as he had spend more time outside.Although Gogoi proved his critics wrong by becoming the chief minister for three terms, he said it was not a big deal to learn about any state if someone wants to serve in politics. \"My son (Gaurav) was born and brought up in Delhi, but today he knows more about Assam than I do. In the initial years, when I came to Assam, many were sceptical about me. But if one is sincere in politics, it does not take much time to learn about the state and its people,\" Gogoi said.However, the father in Gogoi wanted his son to go through the ups and down of politics. Instead of hand-holding, Gogoi wanted Gaurav to face the problems head on and solve it by himself. \"I am happy he has joined politics. But he has to ready to go through ups and downs of politics. I do not advice him on anything. He should face the problem and try to find solution by himself,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251037", "title": "Foreign dreams hit wall at passport office", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 6 o'clock every evening, thousands of people in the city hunch up before their computers in a ritual reminiscent of the 1980s' Mahabharat frenzy. It's the first Act in their epic struggle to get a passport, urgently. If they fail to book an online appointment within a couple of minutes, they lose 24 hours and have to try again a day later.In an investigation prompted by thousands of reader complaints, TOI spent three weeks experiencing the hurdles and frustration that common citizens encounter trying to get a passport. We found people who had been harassed to the point where they gave up the thought of getting this most important proof of citizenship. Many others got the document, but days after the occasion for which they had sought it. In one case, a man couldn't get his passport re-issued even after five months, and had to miss a prestigious conference in the US. An 80-year-old woman couldn't be at her sister's side in the US when the latter was undergoing cancer treatment.Booking an online appointment is the first step towards getting a passport, and also the most difficult. Kamla Nagar resident Divya spent 23 days clicking for her chance. Starting May 7, she kept trying till luck smiled on her on May 30. But her joy was short-lived, as the Shalimar Place passport sewa kendra (PSK) rejected her application. Reason: the voter ID card she submitted as proof of address was issued in 2012, and does not confirm the requirement of 'two-year continuous stay' at her address. \"Now, I have to apply for the appointment again. And I don't know when I will get one,\" she said.While agreeing that booking an online appointment is difficult, chief passport officer and joint secretary in the ministry of external affairs, Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, argued that the \"truth is not what is being projected\". He blamed the rush of applications instead. \"The issue is not with the (time) window, but with the number of applicants. The PSK at ITO can handle up to 900 applications per day; others at Shalimar Place, RK Puram and Gurgaon can process 300-400 applications each. But for roughly 2,000 appointment slots, thousands apply. The slots get filled up within minutes. We have flashed on our portal that those who can't book online can walk in with their application receipt numbers. And we have been accommodating such people,\" he said.Jaipur-based student Rahul had a tough time at the ITO PSK while trying to get a passport under the Tatkal scheme. \"I tried to get an appointment for a month and a half. Then, I paid a travel agent to do it for me. I contacted him on a Saturday and he got me an appointment on Monday,\" said Rahul, adding that he wasn't sure when he would get his passport, as many others got theirs after two weeks or more under the same scheme, against the promised time of seven days.Pardeshi said delays mostly happen simply because the postal department fails to deliver on time, or, because the applications submitted are not complete, or the verification documents don't have the appropriate credentials of the attesting officer.Many readers complained about having to wait for more than two weeks to get a passport under the Tatkal scheme (where service has to be provided within seven working days on payment of Rs 2,500) and for over three months under the normal process (which promises a passport within 45 days).More annoying is the lack of clarity about the documents needed. The official website, www.passportindia.gov.in, lists the particulars for all categories but the PSKs claim they have their own \"rules\" and usually ask for documents not mentioned on the website.For instance, the ITO PSK asked Sabzi Mandi resident Ajay Gaur to produce an affidavit for his wife, as she was born in Jammu. The website doesn't mention the requirement of affidavits in cases where applicants can submit residence proof for two years. Even the Election Commission asks for address proof of six months' stay at a particular address for issuing a voter ID card.Pardeshi blamed the current holiday season rush for the increase in delays, claiming applications had increased by 20-25%. \"With the opening of the new PSK at Bhikaji Cama Place on June 15, the burden on the other PSKs will lessen.\"However, columnist Ashok Malik was not convinced by this logic. He had a harrowing time at the ITO PSK when seeking renewal of his five-year-old son's passport. The child almost fainted after waiting for several hours without enough air and water. \"Four PSKs are not the solution. This model can work in smaller cities where fewer people apply. In Delhi, you need at least 10-15 PSKs,\" he said.(With inputs from Sumeet Keswani)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256421", "title": "Air India flight diverted after snag", "text": "KOLKATA: An Air India flight from Delhi to Bhubaneswar was diverted to Kolkata after the pilot detected a snag in the aircraft.Flight AI 877 with 116 passengers on board, was to land in Bhubaneswar at 2.40pm. It touched down at Kolkata airport instead at 3.05pm. According to airline officials, two factors led to the diversion - the inclement weather over Bhubaneswar and the presence of an engineering base in Kolkata.The passengers who got stranded in Kolkata were then flown down in two tranches.The Kolkata-Mumbai 4.50pm flight was routed via Bhubaneswar to carry some of the passengers, while the rest were put on board the evening Kolkata-Bhubaneswar flight at 6.50pm. AI officials said the snag was a minor one and was under repair.The Airbus A319 aircraft has to be flown down to Delhi to do early morning flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253445", "title": "Councillors fume as laptop demand is termed luxury", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly elected councillors may be eyeing laptops along with operators, but their demands are not likely to be met anytime soon. The executive wings of the civic agencies have termed these demands \"luxuries\" at a time the corporations are struggling to stay afloat. The proposal for procuring latest laptops and printers, which was cleared in the first House meeting of all three corporations in May, has now been put on hold.Even the south corporation, which is relatively well off and not saddled with loan, is loath to spare cash for the gadgets. With pensions and salaries of employees still to be paid, the corporation is focusing on its basic needs. \"Though the agency has a surplus of about Rs 36 lakh, it cannot set aside cash for 'luxuries' like laptops. After the next two months, even the South Corporation will run out of cash, making sustenance difficult. Chairpersons of the committees have been provided a separate cabin with desktops and printers. But, even now the councillors are handed out hard copies of agendas and the work is done manually,\" said a senior official of the south corporation.The councillors argue that laptops are not luxuries but a basic requirement for day-to-day work and staying up to speed. \"Officials need to attach more importance to our demands. Right now, they are dilly-dallying over the demand for basic equipment. Tomorrow, even development projects will be put into cold storage for lack of funds. The cash crunch accompanying the trifurcation will stay for a while,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, the south corporation.However, officials say, the corporations are still finding their feet and cannot dole out money for laptops and printers. \"Till now the proposal hasn't come for sanctioning. But keeping in mind the corporation's financial condition, it is better to put it on hold as our basic expenses need to be met first,\" said SS Yadav, commissioner, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.\"We haven't received cellphones and now there will be no laptops. These are all ways to embarrass the councillors. With the corporation under loan and struggling to sustain itself, we won't be able to make any demands in future,\" said Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262832", "title": "I knew I could beat Li Xuerui: Saina Nehwal", "text": "She has proved her mettle on the court defeating world number 3 Li Xuerui in Indonesia, winning the Super Series Premier title. Saina Nehwal spoke to CT from Indonesia about success, Sania Mirza and her marriage plans.This is your third Indonesia Open title in four years, how does it feel?I did my best to win the title and I'm thankful to God for my success. I'm grateful to my coach Gopi Chand as well. He made me go through a gruelling training regime to prepare me fully before I faced the Chinese champion. Also, my parents had a lot of faith in me and I am indebted to them for that.What was on your mind when you beat Li Xuerui of China? Did you keep thinking that she is world number 3 during the match?It was a wonderful experience to win over Li. Can't tell you really how satisfied I am after the match. However, I was very confident even before the match started. Somehow, I believed that I can beat her. Nothing else came to my mind then.And what was on your mind when you entered the court?There was just one thought on my mind. I had to defeat Li and that's all I cared about at that point of time.Who was the first person you called after the win?I was really touched with all the support and cheering that the Indonesian crowd showered me with. It was just like playing back home. I thanked the crowd from the bottom of my heart. After that, I got a lot of calls from my family and friends - all congratulating me on my victory.How are you preparing for the London Olympics?We have our eyes firmly set on the goal. We are doing our best and really going that extra mile with Gopi Chand Sir always pushing us. We will follow his training schedule more meticulously and then hope for the best in London.The media still treats Sania Mirza as the queen although you have achieved much more than her. Do you ever feel bad about it?Such thoughts never cross my mind. She is also a gem and all Indians are proud of her. I too am very fond of her.Will you settle down and get married after London?(Laughs) Why are guys always asking this? What's the big hurry? I will settle down when the time is right.TWITTER SPEAKDerek O'Brien ?@quizderek Dear Saina Nehwal, now go take a 3 day holiday on the beaches of Bali...Bravo!Amitabh Bachchan ?@SrBachchan T 771 - Djokovic loses to Nadal on resumed game...and SainaNehwal of India wins the Thai Open Badminton Womens Championship ..BUCK UP INDIAshreyas talpade ?@shreyastalpade1 Congratulations to Saina Nehwal on winning the Indonesian Open. Kudi wakai mein champion hai :)masaba gupta: Saina nehwal does it again!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14260740", "title": "UP University gets own weather station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University (BBAU) launched its own automatic weather station which will provide round-the-clock weather forecasts.University officials claimed that it is the first university in the country to have its own weather station. The weather forecast will not only be available for the state capital but also for the entire country,'' said an official.Giving details about the weather station, RG Sonakawade, dean and professor, School of Physical Sciences, BBAU said, The censor-fitted weather station will collect information relating to temperature, humidity, rainfall, wind speed and direction, solar radiation and atmospheric pressure every hour and sent them to the centres through satellites for processing.''The centre would also be studying the data provided by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and give weather forecasts, including that of the arrival of monsoon.Sonakawde said the weather station installed in the university is much advanced than other old stations across the state and would provide precise and accurate weather forecasts. He added that the eather station would also be useful in many researches related to environment, he added.The weather station was set up by ISRO to make weather prediction more useful to common people and the students community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252732", "title": "House clears Rs 1,715 cr for higher education", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Uttar Pradesh government's decision to close shops by 7pm taking up the bulk of business hours on Monday, other issues taken up during the legislative assembly were passed without much debate or dissension.Among key decision, the state government on Monday tabled departmental budgets - Rs 354.47 crore for department of technical education, Rs 1,715.62 crore for higher education , Rs 242.21 crore for vocational education, Rs 83.96 crore for tourism, Rs 86.92 crore for transport, Rs 384.04 crore for forest, Rs 7.71 crore for languages, Rs 64.27 lakh for national integration, Rs 86.16 crore for Home (political pension and others), Rs 6.55 crore for administrative reforms and Rs 51.67 crore for civil aviation.Reacting to suggestions made by BJP's Radhamohan Das Agarwal, the state government also said it would consider suggestions to start 5-year integrated post graduate courses in the state. In addition, the government also agreed to order an inquiry into the delay in payments to madrassa teachers. Responding to a question raised by Congress's Rita Bahuguna Joshi about why payments were delayed despite grants being released by the Centre in November, 2011, parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan said strict action would be initiated against those found guilty. In response to another question raised by Joshi, Khan ruled out the possibility of increasing the salaries of madrassa teachers.Among other questions raised during Monday's session, BJP member Shyamdeo Roy Chowdhury raised the issue of the problems being faced by devotees during their visit to Varanasi's Kashi Vishwanath temple and other pilgrimages in the state as a result of tight security arrangements.Accepting that problems were faced by devotees in Varanasi, the Uttar Pradesh government said it would ensure that \"sentiments were not hurt\" while frisking. Khan while those visiting security-sensitive places would not be spared frisking, the government would ensure it was done respectably.''Earlier, replying to a question posed by BJP MLA Dharmpal Singh, Khan said that a special security plan had been put in place for Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid site, Kashi Vishwanath temple, Gyanvapi mosque, Sri Krishna Janmabhoomi in Mathura and the Taj Mahal. In addition, Central and state forces have also been deployed at these places, Khan said. Denying allegations of lacking coordination between the central and state forces, Khan also said both enjoyed good relations''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14252659", "title": "Monsoon back with tree-falls", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last two days, 22 tree-fall complaints have been registered with the disaster management cell of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). This comes soon after the BMC's gardens department made tall claims of pruning and removing 340 dead and dangerous trees as part of premonsoon preparations. The latest claim is that the department has trimmed 11,629 trees across the city, the maximum being in the island city, followed by the western and eastern suburbs.On Monday, a tree collapsed near Bhavan's College , Andheri (West), damaging at least 10 motorbikes . Over the weekend, two tree-fall complaints were recorded in the island city, 12 in the western suburbs and eight in the eastern suburbs. But the civic administration defended its preparations, saying it is \"absolutely impossible\" to completely prevent tree-falls . \"We can at the most minimize tree-falls in the city. With rapid develo p m e n t i n M u m b a i , tree roots hardly get any space to expand,\" said an official of the gardens department .As part of its pre-monsoon preparations, the BMC had pruned or removed 340 dead and dangerous trees: 41 in the island city, 263 in the western suburbs and 36 in the eastern suburbs. According to the gardens department , the process of trimming trees is continuous and is likely to be so during the monsoon as well.Municipality's preparationsThe BMC says it has trimmed and balanced 340 dead and dangerous trees identified last month Paver blocks around the trunks of 500 trees have been removed, but the civic body has no wardwise data Emergency 'gangs' have been set up in all wards to review tree-fall complaints The BMC has received 1,049 tree-fall complaints since 2008What you can doGet trees in your neighbourhood checked by a horticulturist Concrete structures, like platforms, should not be built around trunks. Doing so restricts the expansion of roots, weakening trees in the long run An arborist should be consulted before planting a sapling in the building. His or her advice may pertain to tree species, care and precaution In case you notice that the tree is dangerously inclined, immediately contact the ward office and ask for the junior tree officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251692", "title": "They get their act together for theatre", "text": "INDORE: It's unconventional, but a number of enthusiasts, especially youths in the city, are opting for a career in theatre. These budding artistes are performing in multiple capacities too to make a mark.For 21-year-old Harsh Billore, being an artiste was always a goal. \"Ever since my childhood, I have been performing in plays and skits. I have always nursed an ambition to be a distinguished actor. Earlier I did not know the nitty-gritty of this profession, but with the guidance of my theatre group, I can hope to pursue a full-time career in this field,\" he says.Another artiste Prachi Sharma, 18, says, \"I already feel a sense of achievement as I have stepped into the world of theatre. This field may ask for high energy-levels but gives a lot of exposure. It is different and dynamic.\"These young talents too feel that the city is a hub of opportunities for them to hone their skills. \"Today, we get ample work in our own city Indore. We did not rush to Mumbai in the beginning. Some initial struggle notwithstanding, there is a lot of scope in this field in the city,\" says 25-year-old Harsh Dave.Recently, his group did a mega-play on Ahilyabai in Maheshwar which was applauded by many. \"This field asks for patience,\" he adds.The city boasts of a number of theatre groups like Theatrewalas', Nepathya, Sarthak, Layashala, Rangshala, Adaa which are youth-driven in particular. These organizations train young novices to become successful performers. Star material or not, these young enthusiasts show tenacity and are stars in their own right.Not just theatre, many youths too are trying their hands at other associated fields like modeling too as they feel the city attracts big banners for all kinds of media. Lucky Tank, 21, who tried modeling says, \"I am able to advance in this field because of the support of my family. They understand my ambition and the lifestyle it entails. Hence, I can do even better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "los cabos", "code": "14264768", "title": "Government determined to take tough decisions to revive economy: PM", "text": "LOS CABOS: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said his government is determined to take \"tough\" decisions, including on controlling subsidies, to reverse the expansion of the fiscal deficit, even as he expressed confidence of bringing back the rhythm of high growth of 8 to 9% per annum.Concerned over the dip in India's economic growth, Singh said the public in the country is \"impatient\" for a return to high growth and faster jobs creation.He also said that steps were being taken to revive investor sentiment in the country.The Prime Minister addressed some critical issues relating to the slowdown in India's economy in his address during the Plenary Session of the seventh Summit of the Group of 20 developed and developing countries.\"Like other countries, we too allowed the fiscal deficit to expand after 2008 to impart a stimulus. We are now focussing on reversing the expansion. This will require tough decisions, including on controlling subsidies, which we are determined to take,\" Singh told the galaxy of world leaders including US President Barack Obama .India is targeting a fiscal deficit of 5.1% of GDP for this fiscal year. But a higher subsidy bill and lower tax revenue have resulted in its fiscal projections for 2011-12 go awry. The fiscal deficit was 5.8% in 2011-12, wider than the initial target of 4.6%.The country's growth slowed to a nine-year low of 5.3% in the fourth quarter of 2011-12.Referring to the slowdown in India like other emerging economies, the prime minister acknowledged that internal constraints have also affected performance and that the government was working to correct them.\"The global downturn and especially the impact on capital flows have played their part. Internal constraints have also affected performance and we are working to correct them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252685", "title": "Iron fencing at Sheetal Das Ki Bagiya in 2 days", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will install iron fencing in two days at the Sheetal Das Ki Bagiya to prevent people from reaching deep waters. The decision comes two days after three students drowned in the Upper Lake on Saturday.\"The work would be completed within two days,\" mayor Krishna Gaur announced after inspecting the accident spot on Monday. She also urged the residents not to use this place for bathing and washing clothes. \"It is a dangerous place. I request the residents not to take bath or wash clothes here and it may prove dangerous,\" she added.\"The corporation will install fencing inside as well as outside the water for security reasons,\" said deputy commissioner BMC Pramod Shukla.Similar security arrangements will be made at the VIP road side area of the Upper Lake near the Raja Bhoj statue, Prempura Ghat and the Khatlapura Ghat of the Lowe lake .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250271", "title": "HC suspends non-bailable warrant against Umesh Kumar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Samdurala Govindarajulu of the AP High Court on Monday kept in abeyance the non-bailable warrant issued against senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar. It may be recalled that the court of the chief metropolitan magistrate had issued an NBW against the officer on an application filed by him for dispensing with his presence at the last hearing date of the forgery case against him and former SEZ consultant Sunil Reddy. He moved the high court challenging the order as being improper and contrary to law. Justice Govindarajulu wondered why the government was prompt in this case when so many warrants were pending against so many offenders and described the approach of the government as 'abnormal'. He, however, made clear that Umesh Kumar would appear before the court on or before June 25 and if he failed to do so the NBW would become operative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250055", "title": "Medscape award for Dr Vikas Amte", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Vikas Amte, elder son of late noted social worker Baba Amte, from Warora received the maiden Medscape award for social contribution in the field of health on Monday at Mumbai.The award was presented to him by state health minister Suresh Shetty. Medscape India presented its maiden award to doctors in 20 different categories in the presence of founder president of Medscape Dr Sunita Dube.Medscape is an umbrella organization of 20 institutions which have instituted the awards and presented the maiden awards at a function in the presence of Maharashtra Medical Council chairman Dr Kishor Taori of the Government Medical College and Hospital, and noted doctors from various fields.Dr Vikas Amte from Warora in Chandrapur district in Vidarbha won the ward in the category of social contribution in health care while Dr Ramakanta Panda received it for excellence in cardiology and cardiac surgery. The Tata Memorial hospital won the award for good hospital administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250137", "title": "NDA leaders not sure of Sangma staying on in race", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma may have jumped into the presidential fray, but not all National Democratic Alliance (NDA) leaders are confident about supporting his bid fearing he may withdraw at the 11th hour.Senior leaders of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) met at the resident of L K Advani on Monday to discuss Sangma's candidature. Most of the leaders are believed to have expressed apprehensions about supporting the senior NCP leader. \"Though he (Sangma) has declared his candidature on his own, there is no guarantee he will not withdraw from the race at the last moment. In such circumstances, it was felt that the NDA should search for other options,\" a senior BJP leader said.After throwing his hat in the presidential ring, Sangma began knocking on the doors of leading politicians. He first called on Orissa chief minister Navin Patnaik and later met Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa . Sangma now plans to meet Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray to seek his blessings.NCP founder president Sharad Pawar on Sunday asked Sangma to follow coalition dharma and withdraw from the contest.The BJP leader said NDA members observed that if Congress president Sonia Gandhi steps in, then Sangma will certainly withdraw from the race. \"Sangma's daughter is a member of the Union cabinet. Currently, she is a minister of state. If Sangma is promised that she will be elevated to the cabinet rank with a plum department, then he will opt out. The NDA leaders took into account all these aspects and decided not to support Sangma. Of course, a final decision will be taken after consulting Thackeray, Sr,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255378", "title": "Tech tips to farmers in BAU seminar", "text": "RANCHI: A group of scientists, teachers, rural development and management professionals and industry representatives will assemble at Birsa Agricultural University on Wednesday to tell farmers of the state how to use technology in farming to get the best out of their efforts.In the two-day affair, farmers will be exposed to latest technology, innovations, and products.B K Jha, an assistant professor at BAU and the member of the organizing committee, said, \"Technology adaptation is very slow in Jharkhand and we are still doing traditional cultivation. Recently, a few farmers have taken up technology-based farming which needs to be spread to more farmers.\"The \"national seminar-cum-workshop on IT-mediated and technology-driven agricultural development\" is being organized by the department of agricultural extension education of BAU. The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC), Kolkata is also collaborating with BAU.Andhra Pradesh has made rapid strides in developing its agriculture thorough the use of technology. \"We have invited experts from Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Delhi, Bihar, Odisha, Chhattisgrah and MP to share their knowledge with Jharkhand farmers,\" said Kiran Narayanan, the business manager at BAU.Two innovative farmers from every district of the state have been invited to the programme to take oral lessons from the experts. \"Our effort is to establish a synergy between the innovative farmers and industry. We will ask the farmers to inform their co-villagers about the benefits of technology-driven farming,\" said a BAU official. A total of 50 paper will be presented on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14249771", "title": "Arunachal Governor Gen (Retd) J J Singh proposal for recruitment of locals in Army", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh Governor Gen (Retd) J J Singh on Monday proposed setting up of a committee to look into the issue of recruitment of youths from the state in the Indian Army.The governor's proposal came when planning, finance and PWD minister Chowna Mein called on him at Raj Bhawan to apprise Singh of the problems faced by the people of Lohit district, especially during recruitment rallies, according to a release.Mein hails from Lohit district and represents Lekang constituency in the assembly.The governor said the state government should find a way to ensure justice to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261779", "title": "Rajamouli, Trivikram and Puri clash at the BO", "text": "We've seen top heores and heroines locking horns with each other at the box office but now we witness directors' competeting with one another to take the top honors. The directors who are fielding at the ticket window this July are Rajamouli, Trivikram Srinivas and Puri Jagannath.Rajamouli has already announced that his graphical extravaganza \"Eega\" would hit the screens on July 6. He is finally happy with the output of the film, which is definitely one of the most-awaited films of the year. \"Eega\" is coming with huge expectations and the film is on everyone's agenda to make to the theaters in the opening week.Trivikram Srinivas' \"Julayi\" recently celebrated the audio release and the makers have announced that the film is gearing for release on July 6. The film has become very crucial for stylish star Allu Arjun since it's been long time he scored a hit. Moreover, it is also a litmus test for director Trivikram who is under pressure to deliver a hit after his \"Khaleja\" tanked at the box office.Puri Jagannath's upcoming masala entertainer \"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" is making progress silently. The director seems to believe in an underdog play and as such, has refrained from making any statements about the film. However, the director stated the film is gearing for release in the month July while the audio launch is schedule on June 22.So it'll be an interesting battle to watch out for with three top Tollywood directors testing their luck this July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251710", "title": "Saroj Doshi's kin upset over slow pace of probe", "text": "INDORE: Upset with the slow pace of the investigation into the macabre murder of a city-based private financier's wife at her White Church Colony house here on June 15, her kin demanded the police to bring the accused to the book at the earliest.Mohit Doshi, son of the deceased Saroj Doshi, 52, wanted the accused behind the murder of his mother be brought to the book without delay. \"Police should catch the accused and put them behind bars,\" he said adding that the family was in utter shock after the incident.Mohit, who flew in to Indore from the USA, knew the gruesome murder of his 52-year-old mother from sister Ruchi. \"I had spoken to my mother about a couple of days before incident and everything was quite normal,\" he said.The uncle of Mohit, Dr Jayant Doshi, also demanded that the culprits be arrested at the earliest. He said that the police have been investigating the case and the family members are not apprised of the details on the investigation.However, Dr Doshi said that his family members were disappointed with the way the inspector general replied to their request for speeding up the investigation. \"The reply was not congenial,\" he said. About the people under suspicion, Dr Doshi said the milkman, a domestic servant and other regular visitors are still coming home as frequently as they were before the murder. \"The man who had come to repair the computer is a close friend of Mohit and family could not suspect him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249625", "title": "No Bombay high court relief for Kharghar builder", "text": "MUMBAI: A second attempt to stall the demolition of portions of the multi-storey tower, Green Heritage, at Kharghar proved futile on Monday with the Bombay high court refusing to stay its judgment dismissing the plea to regularize unauthorized flats and shops in the building.Hearing a plea by Abhishek Builders, seeking time to approach the Supreme Court and explore options to regularize the building, a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobade and Justice Mridula Bhatkar gave the developer an option to stave off the demolition squad's hammer by submitting an undertaking to the court that the petitioners would voluntarily pull down the illegal portion of the building if the apex court rules against them.However, R Soni, counsel for the developer, expressed inability to give such an undertaking as the possession of the flats had been handed over to third parties. The court subsequently dismissed the builder's application.The top three floors of the 21-storey tower is facing demolition over unauthorized constructions, allegedly made by the developer. The building\u2014a ground plus 21-storey structure\u2014comprises four wings with two flats on each floor of each wing. As per the initial plans approved by Cidco, the developer was allowed to construct 97 residential flats, 20 shops and three floors of office space with six office units.According to Cidco officials, the builder illegally extended the construction area of each floor horizontally by 1.5 metres, thus converting 2,300 square metres above the allowed floor space index into saleable space. This resulted in the construction of 160 residential flats, 38 shops and an extra floor of office space.Cidco has refused to regularize the unauthorized construction by loading FSI of adjoining plots. The high court last week upheld the Cidco order and refused to set aside the demolition notices.On Monday, advocate Soni claimed that plans were afoot to buy land adjacent to the building so that the construction rights of that plot could be used to regularize the unauthorized construction in Green Heritage. The advocate also sought time to file an appeal in the Supreme Court. Cidco's lawyers sought an undertaking that the petitioner would voluntarily demolish the unauthorized portions in case they failed to get it regularized. When the court sought a response from the petitioner, the developer said they could not sign on such an undertaking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255692", "title": "Malaria, gastro numbers are not 'unusual'", "text": "MUMBAI: Rains may have just hit the city but over 700 malaria and 400 gastroenteritis cases have already been reported so far this month. As per civic records, however, the city may not be faring too poorly on the disease meter compared to previous years. Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said malaria cases are well under control and stringent measures have been put in place to check mosquito breeding. \"Last month, we saw 1,388 cases of malaria, which is less than half of what we saw in May 2011,\" he said. Gastroenteritis cases have also dipped slightly to 1,126 in May this year from 1,371 in the corresponding month last year.Doctors say their outpatient departments have started seeing malaria and gastroenteritis cases but the numbers are not unusual. Physician Dr Mayur Patel, who consults at Jaslok and Saifee Hospitals, said that he has treated three to four malaria cases in the last few days. \"Those were all cases of vivax and all patients came with symptoms like fever and cold,\" he said. He, however, added that there has been no spurt in gastroenteritis cases and they are now seen round-the-year .ACS Health Pvt Ltd chairman Dr Ashish Tiwari said that people should take precautions such as washing hands before eating food and avoiding roadside eatables. \"It is imperative to drink safe water either by installing a water purifier or by boiling water at home,\" he said, adding that vaccinating the family against Hepatitis A and typhoid may do good for vulnerable patients.The civic machinery said it was fully geared to tackle the monsoon. KEM Hospital dean Dr Sanjay Oak said the hospital had set aside 150 beds for monsoon ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263241", "title": "Viswaroopam will have its sequel \u2013 Kamal", "text": "The most awaited movie of 2012 Viswaroopam , is gearing up for release. The promotional activities are on full swing with the teasers and posters being released every now and then.But, before the movie could take its full roopam there are buzzes that Viswaroopam will have a sequel to it. Sources say that the spy thriller to be released in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi will have a sequel to it. Kamal has said that he has the sequel plan and has already shot some sequences pertaining to it with Andrea Jeremiah. Kamal, said, ' Yes , I am looking at a sequel to Viswaroopam . We are preparing on it and I have a script in hand. I read some media report the other day saying Kamal has overshot hence he is making a sequel. This is truly insulting and I would like to clarify that this is not true'. 'I know there is scope for a sequel here. Instead of making a three and a half hour film, I decided to tell the rest of the story in a sequel,' concluded the actor.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249648", "title": "Four arrested with liquor from SG Road discotheque", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Satellite police station officials arrested four youths with liquor and beer cans from a discotheque on SG Road on Sunday night. One of them is a member of the youth wing of a political party. They were celebrating the success of a small firm that they run in the area.Police officials said they got a tip-off that a group of youngsters was partying in the area. A team raided the discotheque at a mall and caught the four with nine cans of beer and some glasses of liquor. \"During questioning, we got to know that three of the four run a data entry firm on SG Road and had completed three years recently,\" said a Satellite police official. \"To celebrate their success, they had thrown a party and had booked the place for the night. The four were however planning a liquor party later and were preparing for it when they were caught.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14255890", "title": "Karnataka assembly: 60 and going strong", "text": "BANGALORE: The boundaries had breached. It was a seamless House of politicians, who for one day cast aside their party affiliations and chose to go down memory lane.The august assembly, which on Monday turned 60, celebrated its diamond jubilee by going back in time and also in a bit of introspection.The event brought together former chief ministers - M Veerappa Moily, N Dharam Singh , H D Kumaraswamy and B S Yeddyurappa - who though belonging to different political hues, sat next to each other in the treasury benches. Former Speakers DB Chandre Gowda, VS Koujalgi, M Venkatappa and members of the first legislative assembly were accommodated in the opposition benches. Around 300 legislators (MLAs and MLCs of the present Houses) also came together to listen to experts talk about democracy and its functioning.The speakers - former Chief Justice of India M N Venkatachalaiah, governor H R Bhardwaj and senior parliamentarian D B Chandre Gowda - told the legislators about the importance of democracy and people's participation in its process. While Venkatachalaiah highlighted the parliamentary system and its tradition in India, Bhardwaj touched upon the need for policies aimed at the poor and downtrodden. Gowda was critical of present practices, saying the dignity and values of legislators and the office of the Speaker had been destroyed in the recent past.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and opposition leader Siddaramaiah felicitated five members of the first assembly - UM Muddappa, Mulka Govinda Reddy, Vasanth Rao L Patil, Kumara Krupa and Thimme Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264877", "title": "Ajith's 'Billa 2' movie release date postponed!", "text": "The release date of Ajith Kumar's upcoming much hyped movie Billa-2 under the direction of Chakri Toleti is postponed once again. The movie, which was supposed to release on June 22,2012. But now the release date is pushed to June 29, 2012.As per the buzz, the major reason to push the date is to avoid a clash with Karthi's Saguni , which is hitting screens on June 22. Even though Billa 2 is made with a big budget than Saguni , film makers believed that the two big releases on the same week would eat each other's business.Hence, they have postponed the film. Billa 2 has been censored and has got 'A' certificate. Billa 2 is a gangster film where as ' Saguni ' is political thriller.Billa 2 is also releasing simultaneously in Telugu as ' David Billa '. Parvathy Omanakuttan, former Miss India 2008 is playing the leading lady role. Meenakshi Dixit will be seen in an important girl, Burana Abdulla dances for an item song and Vidyut Jamwal plays the villain role in the movie. Rahman and Prabhu will be seen in other important roles. Yuvan Shankar Raja composed music for the movie.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14255993", "title": "New Infosys offers can't match special economic zone gains", "text": "KOLKATA: The alternative proposals mooted by the state government to keep IT bellwether Infosys in West Bengal have some shortcomings, compared to the benefits offered under the special economic zone (SEZ) scheme, feels experts. However, Infosys has sought time from the government and is expected to reply by the end of this month.Infosys' project had hit a hurdle in Bengal as the Mamata Banerjee government is, in principle, against SEZs. Recently, the state government put forward three options before Infosys - giving Software Technology Parks (STPI) status to the project, offering land to it in an existing notified SEZ or making the IT giant a co-developer in a notified yet non-functional SEZ.Experts pointed out that the major hindrance of the STPI scheme is that there is no corporate income tax exemption benefit attached to it. The IT exemption clauses, which were attached to the STPIs, were withdrawn from March 31, 2011. The companies operating under the SEZ banner enjoy exemptions from corporate income tax (CIT). They only pay minimum alternative tax (MAT), which is lower than CIT. Therefore, it is lucrative for any company to operate in an SEZ.According to sources in the STPI department, \"STPI schemes still exist sans the IT exemption clause.\" Around 70,000 IT companies in the country benefit from this scheme.\"I feel that if Section 10 (a) and 10 (b) of the STPI scheme could be reintroduced, it would greatly benefit not only Infosys in this particular case but also several small and medium IT/BPO companies, who find it very difficult to relocate to a SEZ on cost consideration,\" Suparno Moitra, regional manager (east), Nasscom, said.Another difference between STPI and SEZs is the Industrial Dispute Act provision. The SEZs are directly under development commissioner and labour laws are lenient, on the other hand labour laws are stringent in STPIs. Experts pointed out that provision is there that Infosys can become co-developer in any of the existing SEZs. In such a case, Infosys has to seek state government's nod. \"But the main problem with this proposal is that all the available SEZs are being developed by private companies. In Odisha, Infosys has become co-developer to an existing SEZ, which was with a state government outfit,\" an expert added.Incidentally, Infosys had taken 50-acres in the Rajarhat area, on the northeastern fringes of the city for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project. It has made full payment for the land in October last year. It sought for SEZ status. But after it was denied that status, on April 13, the company said: \"We have put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being. We shall review and proceed at an appropriate time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262476", "title": "Rannvijay gets a grand welcome in Vadodara!", "text": "Were you surprised on spotting a huge crowd outside Mochi-The Shoe Shoppe in Vadodara? Well, the reason wasn't hard to guess. Star VJ Rannvijay Singh, who hosts MTV Roadies, was at the venue to unveil the MTV Roadies Footgear by Mochi and fans were only too eager to catch a glimpse of the youth icon.Speaking at the event, Rannvijay said, \"I am really glad to be in Vadodara and the youngsters here have always showed a keen interest in Roadies . That is why we wanted to unveil this special footwear collection here also. This collection is stylish, comfortable and at the same time, absolutely fit for adventure travel!\"Asked about his ex Anusha Dandekar, he said, \"She is still like family to me. In Mumbai, where your family isn't present physically most of the time, friends play a huge role in filling that void. Anusha is a very hardworking girl and she always dreamed of becoming an international pop star. And I am delighted that Better Than Your Ex , her debut international single, has been received so well. I wish her all the best in life and will always be there for her.\"On being asked about today's youth, he lamented, \"A majority of them have forgotten what it is to play outdoors, climb trees and meet up with friends. Only chilling out at coffee shops and being on Facebook and Twitter all the time isn't a very healthy sign.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252028", "title": "Shiv Sena to move court against MLC poll result", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena has decided to file a petition in the high court on Tuesday challenging NCP leader Jayant Jadhav's election as the MLC from the Nashik local self-governing bodies' constituency. A sitting MLC, Jadhav was elected for a fresh term on May 28 by a draw of lots as voting had resulted in a tie between two candidates.The Shiv Sena had then announced that it would challenge the decision. \"We will be filing a petition on Tuesday,\" said Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste. The Sena's MLC candidate, Shivaji Sahane, questioned the validity of the election and pointed out that when both candidates had tied at 224 votes, recounting was done by the returning officer and collector P Velrasu and candidates were said to have secured 221 votes each. He wondered why the draw of lots was not done earlier.No nominations withdrawn for another post: None of the 16 candidates who filed nominations for MLC elections from the Nashik division teachers' constituency have withdrawn from the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14255969", "title": "God\u2019s work in the House?", "text": "'Government's work is God's work' \u2014 TOI asks minister S Suresh Kumar and JD(S) leader MT Nanaiah if this inscription in Vidhana Soudha, holds relevance any more'We have drifted'I get that hallowed feeling, when I enter the portals of Vidhana Soudha. I salute the great visionary Kengal Hanumanthaiah for conceiving this structure and at the same time, I bow my head in shame. The factor of good governance has many connotations, for the common man, it means government work is God's work. This is where we have drifted. Sitting in the majestic environs of the assembly , sometimes I wonder whether we are justifying our presence here. What Hanumanthaiah had visualized and what is happening now.The issues before political parties at all public platforms is elections, and winnability factor linked to populist schemes. The real issues and problems get missed out. The solution for this can come from party leaders. Instead of painting a dismal picture of devaluation in politics, they should be the catalysts .Some of these leaders have seen the good old days of the assembly. They should motivate us and I am optimisitic that we can make a U-turn.S Suresh Kumar Law and parliamentary affairs minister'It has lost all meaning'It was during the regime of former CM R Gundu Rao that the motto: 'Government's Work is God's work' was engraved at the entrance to Vidhana Soudha. But it has lost all meaning, at least in the past one decade or so. As a legislator for over 30 years, these days when I enter the corridors of power, I feel everything is amiss. Vidhana Soudha has turned into a den of corruption. It lost its legacy, legislature and work values in the 80s itself. Things have come to such a pass, Vidhana Soudha, Vikasa Soudha and other secretariat buildings look like any other extremely polluted river in this country.Nowadays, when I enter the Vidhana Soudha , I don't see people attending to God's work these days but the devil's . It's time we politicians introspect. People are already looking at us with utmost contempt.The day is not too far for a political uprising against the increasing grip of governments on the life of people. I can sense people gearing for revolt against the tyranny of government , corruption, inflation, price rise, crimes and attacks on human rights. The degeneration of democracy is happening at a rapid pace. And it's high time we either change the system or ourselves.MC Nanaiah JD(S) floor leader in legislative councilTIMES VIEWOn this historic occasion, it's time too for introspection as the new generation has come under the expansive umbrella of a globalised world. What shows up starkly is the under-performance of the political class that has still left large sections of the state deprived of basic amenities and ample opportunities. Society today is getting so complex that the administration cannot pretend to be omniscient and reach out to all its needs without citizen connect. Public projects are forever caught in the trammels of bureaucracy. Law-makers are forever haggling over sectarian or partisan benefits. It is in this aspect that the legislature needs to draw lessons from its glorious past. Public life has changed drastically down the years, the quality of debates has plummeted, even the number of sittings has dwindled. Parties constantly vie with each other in putting realpolitik before policy-making . The state has seen shining examples of charismatic legislators who have put the citizens' good before other interests. It's time they reminded themselves that their primary duty is to broaden and deepen the ideals of democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250154", "title": "Sweden national, wife end lives in Secunderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 60-year-old Sweden national of Indian origin and his living partner committed suicide by consuming sleeping pills at their house in Secunderabad on Monday.According to police, the victims were Mallikarjuna Rao, 60, and his partner Nirmala John, 48. Mallikarjun Rao came to India in 2011 and for past six months he had been living with Nirmala in a rented flat (No 106) at Srinath complex, located at SD Road. He was working as a stock market consultant.The incident came to light at about 12 noon on Monday when house owner Ramana Rao came to collect the rent. \"As the couple were not responding to his calls for a long time, Ramana Rao grew suspicious and broke the door open with the assistance of the watchman. Upon entering the house, Ramana Rao noticed the couple lying dead on the bed and alerted us,\" Mahankali police inspector S Ranga Rao said.Police said that Ramana Rao even came on Sunday to collect the rent but left the place as the couple did not respond. On Monday, he realized that foul smell was coming from the flat and decided to enter the house.According to police, the couple ended their lives by consuming sleeping pills and they did not leave any suicide note. \"We found Mallikarjun Rao's Sweden passport in the flat. Preliminary probe revealed that Mallikarjun's first wife died and they had four daughters, all living in Sweden. The reason for the suicide is yet to be ascertained and we are trying to get in touch with Mallikarjun's family members living at Ameerpet,\" the inspector added. A suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251815", "title": "Panchayats raise red flag to Indore expansion plan", "text": "INDORE: The panchayats of villages, which are to be included in the municipal limits under the expansion plan, have raised objections on Monday. The panchayats said the inclusion of their villages in municipal limits would dissolve the panchayats much before the end of their tenure.Around 52 objections were taken up with district collector Raghvendra Singh during a hearing. Now, a report will be sent to the state government for its consent for the expansion of city limits. However, the process may be delayed as the panchayats are planning to approach the court over the matter. The panchayats of the villages, which are to be included within city limits, have a tenure of five years each. Of this, only two years have been completed so far. The panchayats fear that they would lose their constitutional position much before the completion of five-year tenure.Besides, some of the objections were related to fear of losing benefits of certain government schemes. Some of the villages had objected to the move stating that their villages were far away from the city and their inclusion within the city limits would stop sanction of work under the MNREGS as the scheme was meant only for the rural population. Hence, it will make their life difficult.The last time the city was expanded was way back in 1976 and at that time 11 villages were included within municipal limits. Now, 29 villages are expected to be included within city limits. A notification in this regard was issued in February after which objections were submitted. If everything goes as per the plan then the said villages would become part of the civic body by the end of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14250266", "title": "SC notice to Lanco, MoEF over environmental clearance", "text": "WARDHA: A Supreme Court bench comprising of Justice HL Gokhale and Justice Ranjana Desai has issued notices to Lanco Thermal Power Ltd, ministry of environment and forests, Wardha district collector, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and others on a petition filed by four farmers questioning the environmental clearance granted to the company.The petitioners -- Padmakar Deshmukh, Chandrashekhar Bhende, Laxman Manwatkar, Vijay Muley -- have alleged that the environmental clearance was obtained by fraud and misrepresentation by suppressing the facts.The public hearing held on September 17, 2010 was held to be illegal by the high court in its earlier judgment. All rules regarding procedure of public hearing were openly violated and police officials were found to have threatened the villagers. The petitioners alleged that the ministry of environment and forests has not cancelled the environmental clearance which is bound to be done as per mandatory requirements and in view of the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court.The petitioners said that the company has started the construction of 660 x 2 MW Power Plant in Wardha district.Supreme Court has directed the company to file an affidavit stating the clear measures taken to protect the environment, and the current status of the project. The court has also said that a fresh public hearing will be conducted as per the schedule on June 20, subject to outcome of the SLP.Lawyers Monika Gusain, Tushar Mandlekar and Hariom Yaduwanshi argued for the petitioners. Akhil Sibbal and Khaitan and Co. argued for the Lanco Power Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "14257310", "title": "Women gram sabha in Haryana village vows to fight female feticide", "text": "JIND: The first-ever women gram sabha in a Haryana village on Monday vowed to form committees to keep a track on pregnant women to stop female feticide.During the meeting, the women residents of Bibipur village in Jind district decried sex determination tests and pledged to fight skewed sex ratio in the state. About 225 women were present in the sabha, even though it was presided over by the male sarpanch, Sunil Jaglan.\"The women gram sabha decided to set up panels comprising three women and a male member for each of the 14 wards of the village. These would keep a track on the pregnant women in their respective wards,\" the sarpanch said.He said that now the village anganwadi workers would have to register every women having two months' pregnancy. \"The record of these women would be maintained from the second month of pregnancy. So far, four-month pregnant women are registered as per the state government's directions. But keeping a track of such women from an early stage will prove to be a deterrent,\" said Jaglan.The Jind block development and panchayat officer (BDPO) Neelam Arora, who also participated in the gram sabha on behalf of the district administration, said, \"This is just an initiative and I hope that it will be replicated in all other villages and sound a bugle against female foeticide.\"Lambasting those resorting to sex determination tests, a middle-aged woman Birmati maintained, \"A family needs to shell out Rs 5,000 in determining the sex of the foetus and then has to spend an equal amount in getting it aborted. It also causes mental and physical trauma to the woman concerned to get rid of the girl child.\"She added, \"If the same amount is kept as fixed deposit for the girl child at her birth, the family need not have to worry about her future. It who would get a handsome amount as return from bank when she grows up and needs financial support for her higher studies and marriage.\"The women gram sabha was organized at the initiative of the Union Panchayati Raj ministry officials who recently paid a visit to the village and were impressed by the work of Bibipur village panchayat on female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249833", "title": "Satish Verma gets SC relief", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the Gujarat high court's direction to investigate the 1996 encounters that took place in Porbandar, when IPS officer Satish Verma was the SP there.Acting on Verma's special leave petition against the HC order, a division bench of justices H L Gokhale and Ranjana Prakash Desai stayed the investigation, which is in its final leg because of the quick action on the part of the state government.Verma claimed that the government suppressed material and the petition was filed to pressure him in the Ishrat Jahan encounter case.The case is pertaining to investigation in deaths of Jasu Gagan Shial and Aher Ranmal Ram in police encounter and Aher Narayan Jesti Bandhiya, who was found dead hanging on a tree beside a police station. The third person was on police remand then and allegedly committed suicide.In April, the HC asked ADGP of CID (crime) to probe the case after the documents related to earlier inquiry set up by the HC in 1998 - and done by the then IGP Hiralal - were found untraceable.Verma, who was in the line of fire in this probe, moved the SC claiming that the state government, cops and lawyers all suppressed material evidence. Just three days after the HC ordered an inquiry into missing documents, he provided Ahmedabad CP the copy. The documents were further supplied to all concerned authorities, but no official told the court that they existed.Verma's counsel I H Syed contended that non-existence of inquiry report was projected by the government as non-compliance of the HC order, which was not the case and should not be the base for another investigation.He also told the SC that the probe conducted by Hiralal had given a clean chit to him. The report was supplied to the HC, but it was lost and no effort was made to locate it.Verma has elaborately told the SC how the administration took up this case immediately after he aggressively initiated probe in the Jahan encounter case. He alleged that this exercise was done with a vengeance and to pressure him in the Ishrat case.Verma's petition stated that he was made a party in the proceedings in 1997-98, but in the present petition filed by Hiralal Shial, he was not made a party respondent so material evidence could be suppressed in a systematic manner.In his petition, Verma has claimed that he was targeted by the government ever since the probe in the Ishrat encounter began. Officers like A K Sharma, who \"engineered\" a complaint against him in the probe, also conducted an inquiry into the missing documents and came up with false findings. He showed how the exercise was undertaken to discontinue the SIT probe after its final report was submitted in November last year.Verma also mentioned the repetitive inquiry into the Gossabara RDX landing case and claimed, \"Gujarat in the present times has developed a modus operandi of launching vindictive and unlawful acts of this kind by invoking help of amenable officers, thereby suppressing the lawful machinery of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14257324", "title": "CBI: BS Yeddyurappa's family not cooperating with us", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) which is investigating the illegal mining kickbacks case allegedly involving former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, informed the high court that his kin are not cooperating with the investigation.'' They were summoned for questioning twodays ago, but they have given only wishy-washy and evasive replies,'' Ashok Bhan, special public prosecutor representing the CBI, said.''The Supreme Court was concerned about abuse of office by the petitioner (BS Yeddyurappa ) when he was the chief minister. These were economic offences. The accused number one and his kin violated the Constitution with impunity and now how can he claim bail under the same Constitution? Section 438 of Cr PC which enables granting of anticipatory bail should be exercised only when a person is falsely implicated,'' Ashok Bhan argued.As regards to donation to Prerana Trust and denotification of land and loss of Rs 700-odd crore through an MoU with a mining company , Bhan claimed that these facts and their inter-connectivity persuaded the Supreme Court to ask the CBI to conduct an in-depth and time-bound investigation and submit a report by August 3 as directed by the apex court.Former advocate generalAshokH aranahalli appearing on behalf of Yeddyurappa contended that it was Yeddyurappa who was responsible for ensuring that illegal transportation of iron ore was stopped and the decision was upheld by the court. Justice Subhash B Adi adjourned the hearing to Tuesday.Reddy's custody extendedThe CBI court on Monday extended till July 2 the judicial custody of former minister and mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy and his personal assistant Mehfooz Ali Khan. CBI counsel Kudupu Sudarshan told the court that the investigating agency has already submitted its chargesheet against Reddy, arrested in connection with an illegal mining case that allegedly caused Rs 480-crore loss to the state exchequer . He submitted that the CBI has to get some more documentary evidence to prove its case, and sought extension of custody of both Reddy and Khan.SETBACK FOR SOMANNAJustice Anand Byrareddy on Monday vacated the interim stay in respect of summons issued by the Lokayukta special court against housing minister V Somanna and his wife in relation to denotification of 22 guntas of land at Nagadevanahalli village acquired by BDA. This order paves the way for continuing Somanna's trial . The Lokayukta court had rejected the B report submitted by Lokayukta police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251419", "title": "Most schools yet to form transport panels", "text": "PUNE: Over 1,300 schools in the district have not formed transport committees that will ensure safe transport for students to and from schools.School bus transport rules came into effect in the state in March 2011. They stipulate various regulations for school buses, bus operators, the transport department and the school authorities. Formation of transport committees in schools is mandatory.Of the 1,600-odd schools in the district, only 277 schools have formed the transport committees. Except for one school in Baramati, the remaining are from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. In Pune, 115 schools have set up the committees, as against 161 in Pimpri-Chinchwad.With repeated reminders by the regional transport office to schools to set up these committees having little effect, the state education officials have been asked to issue directions to the schools and submit a report by July 31 to the RTO.This decision was taken on Monday at the district school transport committee meeting presided over by outgoing police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar, the chairperson of the committee.The directives to set up the committees were issued last year by the state government. However, the regional transport office and the traffic police department of the Pune police are unable to ensure their compliance.\"The issue must be taken up at meetings of parent-teacher associations in all the schools. The regional transport office should make a fresh appeal to schools,\" Borwankar said.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre and regional transport officer Jeetandra Patil said, \"The education department should take up the initiative about the formation of the committees as schools have not been responding to letters issued by the RTO and the traffic police.\"The school transport committees have a big role to play in ensuring safety of students, said Patil. They should ensure that all school bus operators have valid permits and schools must submit letters to the regional transport office about bus operators so that the permits can be issued.The school bus transport policy issued by the government last year stipulates that there should be an agreement between the bus operators and the school, but school authorities said this was not their responsibility.The awareness about school transport committees and their functioning is very low, Patil added. Issues about school transport differ in rural and urban areas. In rural areas, even if all students walk to school, it is necessary that the school form a transport committee. Patil said the school bus contractor cannot allow any student to travel standing in the bus, but they can stand and travel in buses operated by state transport and the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited.To ensure little traffic congestion on roads near the schools, the authorities and the traffic police must identify areas for parking of buses and vehicles of school transport operators, Patil said. Parking facilities should be such that students are not forced to cross the road to reach school, he added.Meanwhile, the district school bus transport committee has decided to hold separate meetings for schools and transport operators in the next few weeks in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad to discuss issues related to school transport policy.Times ViewSchool, state transport and police authorities had more than a year to comply with the state's directives on setting up transport committees. When a large majority of schools do not constitute them, it smacks of apathy. Since the education department directly deals with schools, it must impress upon them the urgency of setting up the committees. A time-bound action plan for their formation is necessary. Parents should insist on them at PTA meetings in the interest of the safety of their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252781", "title": "Farmers favour State Advised Price over Fair and Remunerative Price", "text": "LUCKNOW: The department of cane development in Uttar Pradesh met over 50 representatives of farmers' organisations on Monday in which sugarcane farmers of the state presented a five-point agenda to the government.Demanding that cane reservation be allowed to continue, farmer groups in UP said that they are in favour of the state government's rule to set up each sugar mill at a distance of at least 15 km, thereby making it mandatory for farmers to sell cane to millers and for millers to buy cane from surrounding farms. Farmers also said that they were in favour of retaining the State Advised Price, instead of the Centre's move to implement a common, nationwide Fair and Remunerative Price. Among the other key demands by the farmer groups, UP cane growers also sought removal of levy sugar and that the government should put in place a proper release mechanism. Farmers also said that the government should consider implementing a trigger price mechanism, where the input price of cane should be linked to the final price of sugar. This, they added, should determine whether the government will import or export additional stocks of sugar, as per requirement.Following Monday's meeting with farmer groups, the state government will also meet private sugar mill owners on Tuesday. One of the key points expected to be raised in the meeting is the state's decision to ask sugar mill owners to settle cane arrears to the tune of Rs 3,000 crore for crushing season ending 2011-12. Millers are also expected to be asked to submit their payment schedules and the dates by which they will settle the dues. In the state's annual budget, the state government also made a provision of Rs 400 crore for clearing cane arrears owed to the state by cooperatives units. In the last crushing season, 123 operational sugar mills clocked a total of nearly 7 million tonnes (MT) of sugar by crushing over 76 MT of cane.Earlier, the Supreme Court had given state governments the power to initiate steps to take steps to recover cane arrears as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14252980", "title": "Adarsh probe: Maharashtra govt questions CBI jurisdiction", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year-and-a-half after the Central Bureau of Investigation filed an FIR in the Adarsh scam case, the Maharashtra government in a surprising turn on Monday backed the society in questioning the agency's jurisdiction to probe the case. This came even as the CBI informed the Bombay high court that it would file a chargesheet against 13 accused in the case within 10 days.Senior advocate A Y Sakhare informed the division bench of Justice Sharad Bobade and Justice Mridula Bhatkar that the state government had not given its consent for the probe to be transferred to the CBI. Advocate Sakhare's statement followed spirited arguments by senior advocate Shekar Naphade, counsel for Adarsh society, that the CBI had no jurisdiction to investigate the Adarsh case. He relied on the judicial commission's finding earlier this year that the land allotted to Adarsh was owned by the state government and not the Union ministry of defence. \"The Delhi Police Special Establishment Act under which CBI has been set up is clear that the agency can take up any investigation only if the state government or the high court transfers the probe to it,\" argued Naphade.The high court then asked Sakhare to place the state's stand on whether it had given its consent for CBI probe in an affidavit, which has to be filed before the next date of hearing on July 4. The court also asked the society why it was raising this issue at this stage, more than a year after the CBI registered the First Information Report. The judges directed Adarsh to submit an application on the issue.Activist Pravin Wategaonkar, one of the petitioners who filed a public interest litigation, told the court that the CBI was investigating the case on the directions of the high court. \"The state government is complicit in the stand taken by the society that the CBI has no jurisdiction to investigate the case, with mala fide intent to scuttle the CBI probe wherein three former Maharashtra chief ministers are under the CBI scanner, apart from other ministers and bureaucrats,\" alleged Wategaonkar.Meanwhile, the CBI, which missed its June 15 deadline to file a chargesheet in the case, assured the court that it would do so within 10 days. \"The investigation in the case is on the verge of completion and the CBI will file a chargesheet soon,\" said advocate Ejaz Khan, counsel for the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252534", "title": "Maneka breaks party line, bats for Pranab Mukherjee as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking ranks with her party, BJP MP Maneka Gandhi on Monday openly batted for Pranab Mukherjee as the next President and also met the finance minister. Later, she described him as an \"excellent candidate\" for the post and made a strong pitch for a consensus on him.\"Pranab Mukherjee is an excellent candidate,\" Maneka, a former Union minister, told reporters after her meeting with Mukherjee, who is the UPA's nominee for the July 19 presidential elections.The BJP MP said the election of the President should be by consensus.BJP is yet to decide its stand on Mukherjee's candidature and an influential section in the party favours a contest in the presidential polls.Last week, Maneka had said the country needed a President like Mukherjee. \"He is a seasoned politician ... I know him for the past 30 years. We need such a president, who will work,\" she had said about Mukherjee at Badaun.Gandhi's comments come at a time when her party is gearing up to put up a contest against Mukherjee as the BJP feels that it would be a politically wrong strategy to allow the seasoned Congressman to get a walk over to the Rashtrapati Bhawan.How BJP treats Maneka's action and comments is to be seen, though there are others in the party who may also prefer to vote for Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14256415", "title": "New bridge connecting Thrissur-Palakkad opened", "text": "THRISSUR: The heavy downpour and the demand from the public forced the authorities to throw open the new Thanathara bridge, near Kunnamkulam, that connects Thrissur and Palakkad districts on Monday.PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju was slated to formally inaugurate the bridge on June 23. But rain had submerged the temporary passage adjacent to the new bridge, forcing authorities to open the bridge to allow vehicles to pass through. The paddy field where the temporary passage had been constructed overflowed due to heavy rain on Sunday night creating a minor traffic jam. The canal over which the bridge was being constructed too had been closed.\"Though the construction work that commenced in the beginning of this year was completed in record time, the work had begun pretty late. PWD should have started the construction work right after the last monsoon. In fact, the foundation stone for the new bridge was laid by K P Rajendran, former revenue minister on February 18, 2011. But construction started much later,\" said N Sadasivan, a native of Ottappilavu.The new bridge, constructed at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore, is expected to smoothen the traffic flow on one of the important state highways connecting the two districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14253832", "title": "Dust storm and drizzle lift spirits", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city cooled down a notch on Monday morning following a dust storm and drizzle that lasted about an hour. While residents cheered the slight relief concluding that it was a pre-monsoon shower, they were left disappointed as the weather grew hot soon after the shower and weatherman declared that monsoon will take another two weeks to arrive.Amit Sood, a resident of Civil Lines, said, \"The city has been boiling for almost 10 days and the maximum temperature had crossed the 45-degree mark. I was praying that there will be some rain so that we get respite from the killer heat. This morning when I woke up my spirit was lifted seeing clouds spread across the sky. Around 10.30am it started drizzling and there was a dust storm that brought the temperature down. However, the temperature soared again after noon. I wish it rains in the night too so that we have at least some pleasant days.\"BRS Nagar-resident Anjum Tandon said because of the drizzle he went out for shopping to a mall. \"We all are anxiously waiting for monsoon so that we can get rid of this terrible summer,\" he said.Officials in the meteorology department said the weather change was triggered by western disturbance and said it is not a pre-monsoon shower. Surinderpal, director of meteorology department, Chandigarh, said, \"There is possibility of some more thunderstorms but the weather is likely to remain dry after that. There was less than 1cm rain, although it brought down the maximum temperature by at least 5-6 degrees celsius.\" He added that pre-monsoon showers are expected only by the third or last week of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "rio de janeiro", "code": "14254045", "title": "G77: India backs agenda of developing nations", "text": "RIO DE JANEIRO: Under the constant whirr of army choppers hovering over the Riocentre, diplomats, delegates and civil society members are talking about the 50-page document which will be placed before more than 120 heads of governments and states, including Prime Ministers Manmohan Singh and Wen Jiabao , at the UN conference on sustainable development on Wednesday, before it becomes a blueprint for growth in the future. \"It's important to read between the lines. If you don't, you lose,\" says an Indian diplomat who is part of official negotiations.Prepared by the delegation of the host country, the text emphasizes on the Rio principles - how to make the planet cleaner and greener, particularly the differentiation between the rich developed and poor developing countries known as \"common but differentiated responsibilities\".With the developed countries rejecting the principles and backtracking on their existing commitments to sustainable development, the differences between the G-7 and G-77 plus China have become sharper, and India is not even pretending to do a balancing act as the delegation here has thrown its weight completely behind the group of developing nations. \"After having burnt our fingers at the climate talks, where India stood isolated, this time we are solidly with the G-77 group,\" says an Indian delegate, speaking on condition of anonymity.An Indian delegation led by Indian diplomats from the permanent office at UN has been here since the preparatory committee talks began on June 13. As the devil may lie in details of the final document to be adopted on June 22, the last day of the biggest ever summit on sustainable development, the Indian delegation has been working hard to make sure that the decision here doesn't put curbs on India's growth. \"The bottom line is that we want this conference to succeed at any cost. With the kind of poverty we have and the commitments we have made to sustainable development and inclusive growth, it's in our interest that these goals are accepted by everyone,\" says Manjiv Puri, India's deputy permanent representative at the UN and a member of official Indian delegation. \"Issues like trade barriers and technology transfer from rich nations to developing countries are very important for us.\"In fact, even before Manmohan Singh left Delhi for Mexico for the G-20 summit on his way to Rio, India had made a strong case restrictive trade barriers imposed by rich nations in the name of climate change and insisted that \"sustainable development goals\" have to be \"voluntary, aspirational and non-binding.\"Ironic it may be but the whole debate is now revolving around the question of green economy and who is going to pay for it. The idea of a green economy \u2014 one of two principal themes at the summit \u2014 has been heavily criticised by some developing countries as there are fears that it could lead to new trade barriers that would work against developing countries. \"We want the developed countries to cut down on their unsustainable consumption. Also, they need to make their contribution to green funds. Just because they are paying the money, they can't have a final say,\" says an Indian delegate, adding that India would continue to push hard for the interest of developing nations.By forging an alliance with China and Brazil and by backing the G-77, the Indian delegation is sitting quite comfortably here but they are coming under pressure from civil society groups do more. \"I doubt if we are committed to sustainable development. India is sticking with G-77 because it doesn't want to lose its political clout with the group, as happened at climate talks, \"says Ashish Khullar, a Boston-based activist who was part of a small group who engaged Puri and other Indian officials in a lively debate on Monday. \"Taking on the Americans and Europeans for wrong reasons is not good. India has to show its commitments to sustainable development first.\"The Indian delegation may argue that's what they have been doing for the past one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14251427", "title": "Kundaim suicide couple was from AP: Police", "text": "PONDA: The kin of the deceased on Monday have identified the 'couple' who was found hanging from a tree at Kundaim in Ponda on Saturday afternoon.The 'couple' hung themselves from a small tree behind Tapobhoomi along the Kundaim-Marcaim IDC bypass road.Ponda police said that they had informed the family of the deceased boy about the incident and they visited Ponda on Monday. The police have shown the bodies to the family members who identified both the deceased. After identification, the police have clarified the name of the youth as Ramkrishna Popeau Raju, 25, of Andra Pradesh. Earlier they had said the name of the deceased was Mohan Shri Vamshi, 28, of Guntur-Karnataka.Police said they had revealed the name of the deceased as per the license he had deposited for hiring the scooter. The scooter was found at the site and the person who had given them the scooter had confirmed that the license was of the deceased. Police are now examining about the genuineness of the license in the light of the new information, a police officer said.\"The youth was a student of final year information technology engineering and was in love with the girl - Aishwarya Ravindrakumar Chailupati, 20, who was his neighbour. Both of them had fled from their homes on May 29,\" police said, quoting the boy's family members.Police said both the families had opposed their marriage. The boy was reportedly from a higher caste, while the girl was from a backward community. Autopsies ofthe bodies will be done on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14253709", "title": "Nadnalli villagers' lives hang by a swing's hope", "text": "MADIKERI: The Nadnalli villagers in Somwarpet taluk live in tension throughout monsoons. When the rains commence, villagers fear of Kumaradhara river overflow as they cannot move outside the village. Their only hope lives - on a single hanging swing, built using forest bamboo.Villagers have built a temporary road to travel the other side of river Kumaradhara. It is only after walking three kilometers, one reaches Kothnalli village to get access to a motorable road. Without crossing the river, villagers face the inability to perform any activity for their livelihood.With the population comprising mostly of labourers, they carry raw materials on their head. But, treading the temporary way of crossing, which is dangerous, poses to be a death trap for labourers if they lose their balance in the flowing river.Since independence times, political leaders have made promises of a permanent bridge across the river for villagers. However, post-elections the matter has been a case of empty promises only.The village heads Suresha, Ponnappa, Kuttappa,Krishnappa and Irappa explained that during the rainy season pregnant women are shifted to their relatives houses in other villages to face emergency treatments. The nearest hospital for villagers is at Dettadalli, 10 kms from Nadnalli. However, they need to first travel to Kothnalli to get motorable transport.Villagers buy and stock provisions before monsoons before the rains. With an average of 300 inches of rainfall, maximum in the district, Nadnalli is converted into an island and remains isolated during the monsoon season.\"There are no hopes for us in future, as sometimes during unhealthy conditions it may not be possible to move outside for treatment,\" said Saroja, a homemaker. Children have no education facility in Nadnalli village and they reside in relatives houses in the nearby villages for their primary education.\"We are disconnected from our close relations as nobody will come to us fearing the danger in crossing the river,\" explained Leelavathi, a villager.When asked about the remedy, the Zilla panchayath presaident Shantheyanda Ravi Kushalappa told TOI that more than 20 families reside in the village. He said approximately Rs 40 lakh would be required for the construction of a new bridge across the river. Kushalappa assured that after a discussion with MLA Appachu Ranjan he will find out remedy measures to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14249706", "title": "MP seeks people's help to implement development plans", "text": "ITANAGAR: Lok Sabha MP from Arunachal Ninong Ering urged the people to cooperate with the government for successful implementation of various developmental schemes in the state.Addressing the vigilance and monitoring committee meeting of the DRDA in Changlang district recently, Ering exhorted the people to monitor all centrally-sponsored schemes in the district so that every rupee of the funds could be judiciously utilized, official sources informed today.Expressing dissatisfaction over delay in the construction of the road between Margherita and Changlang due to obstructions by miscreants, he appealed to the people to cooperate with the executing agency and the government for speedy completion of the road work.\"Any obstruction to the constructing agency will have negative impact,\" he said. He informed that the northeast being underdeveloped, MPs from the region are taking steps to urge the Centre to provide cent percent financial grants in all centrally-sponsored schemes, as some of the NE states are unable to bear even the 10% state share of the cost.Ering urged block officers and panchayat members to attend such meetings and put forward their valuable views and suggestions besides raising the problems of their respective department and blocks.He informed that the Centre is putting much emphasis on the MGNREGA, which has become an important source of livelihood for rural poor people, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249840", "title": "6-month-old foetus found in Santa Cruz drain", "text": "MUMBAI: A six-month-old male foetus was recovered from a drainage near a public toilet in Santa Cruz on Monday. The Santa Cruz police have registered a case against unknown person.Around 10am, a woman noticed the dumped foetus, which was wrapped in a paper, in Bhim Wada. She informed the police. Cops suspect that an unwed woman must have aborted the child illegally and dumped the foetus in the area.Police are inquiring with locals and hospitals in the area to gather clues.The foetus has been sent for post-mortem examination, said an officer.In the recent past, the police have been coming across several cases of foetus dumping. On June 9, a decomposed five-month-old male foetus was found at Poisar near Laljipada slum in Kandivli. On June 8, two foetuses were found in a garbage bin near a civic school in Kurla (E) and Kandivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14252963", "title": "Their lives hang by a swing's hope", "text": "MADIKERI: The Nadnalli villagers in Somwarpet taluk live in tension throughout monsoons. When the rains commence, villagers fear of Kumaradhara river overflow as they cannot move outside the village. Their only hope lives - on a single hanging swing, built using forest bamboo.Villagers have built a temporary road to travel the other side of river Kumaradhara. It is only after walking three kilometers, one reaches Kothnalli village to get access to a motorable road. Without crossing the river, villagers face the inability to perform any activity for their livelihood.With the population comprising mostly of labourers, they carry raw materials on their head. But, treading the temporary way of crossing, which is dangerous, poses to be a death trap for labourers if they lose their balance in the flowing river.Since independence times, political leaders have made promises of a permanent bridge across the river for villagers. However, post-elections the matter has been a case of empty promises only.The village heads Suresha, Ponnappa, Kuttappa,Krishnappa and Irappa explained that during the rainy season pregnant women are shifted to their relatives houses in other villages to face emergency treatments. The nearest hospital for villagers is at Dettadalli, 10 kms from Nadnalli. However, they need to first travel to Kothnalli to get motorable transport.Villagers buy and stock provisions before monsoons before the rains. With an average of 300 inches of rainfall, maximum in the district, Nadnalli is converted into an island and remains isolated during the monsoon season.\"There are no hopes for us in future, as sometimes during unhealthy conditions it may not be possible to move outside for treatment,\" said Saroja, a homemaker. Children have no education facility in Nadnalli village and they reside in relatives houses in the nearby villages for their primary education. \"We are disconnected from our close relations as nobody will come to us fearing the danger in crossing the river,\" explained Leelavathi, a villager.When asked about the remedy, the Zilla panchayath presaident Shantheyanda Ravi Kushalappa told TOI that more than 20 families reside in the village. He said approximately Rs 40 lakh would be required for the construction of a new bridge across the river. Kushalappa assured that after a discussion with MLA Appachu Ranjan he will find out remedy measures to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14254535", "title": "Shiv Sena to support Pranab Mukherjee in presidential election", "text": "MUMBAI:In a major boost to UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee, key NDA constituent Shiv Sena late on Monday night assured him of its support in his bid for the top Constitutional post.\"The Sena will support Pranab Mukherjee (in the presidential polls),\" Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut said.The assurance was given to Mukherjee who called up Sena chief Bal Thackeray and his son Uddhav Thackeray, the party executive president, on Monday, Sena sources said.Sena, the oldest ideological ally of BJP, was understood to be concerned over the approach of NDA to the presidential polls and disappointed about the fact that the alliance has not been able finalise its candidate.Shiv Sena had supported Pratibha Patil in 2007, breaking ranks with BJP as Patil hailed from Maharashtra.BJP and other NDA constituents had at that time backed late Bhairon Singh Shekhawat for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255352", "title": "Window to history, culture", "text": "PATNA: Museum provides an insight into the history, culture and art tradition of the land. As a repository of items giving a glimpse of ancient glory, Patna Museum is truly the cultural pride of Bihar.The museum has thousands of exhibits of varied nature, including pre and proto objects, stone sculpture, bronze items, terracotta, miniature paintings, Thanka paintings, coins, miscellaneous art objects and so on. One cannot appreciate the Indian art history and cultural heritage of the land without going through the collections of Patna Museum.This museum also has the privilege of preserving the holy relic casket of Lord Buddha containing his ashes and other related materials, found during the excavation of a stupa belonging to 6th century BC at Vaishali.Prior to 1912, when Bihar was a part of the province of Bengal, the ancient objects from Bihar, which came to light during the later 19th and early part of 20th century, were sent to Indian Museum, Kolkata. Hence, the people of this region had hardly any opportunity to know their cultural heritage.So, after its separation from Bengal, the necessity to establish a provincial museum was felt. The excavation of Kumhrar in 1913 gave impetus to the idea. And in 1915, it was decided to start the museum informally with the collection of antiquities at the commissioner's bungalow.The state museum was formally set up in 1917 by Edward Gait, the then lieutenant governor of Bihar &amp; Orissa. In the beginning, the museum's collection was housed in the ground floor of the northern annexe of the Patna High Court.With a rapid increase in collection, this wing of the Patna High Court proved to be inadequate for the display of exhibits. So, during 1925-26, a piece of land measuring 700x500 square feet on the north of Allahabad Bank and west of Patna-Gaya Road was chosen as the site of the Patna Museum, according to a recently-published booklet on Patna museum. By the end of 1928, the building was completed and was handed over on March 6, 1929. The museum was declared open to public by the then governor Hugh Stephenson, on March 7, 1929.Built in the Indo-Sarcenic style, the building is one of the finest examples of museum architecture in India. The Patna Museum is a multi-purpose museum. Its collection has been classified into 17 sections.The pre-historic objects include paleoliths, microliths, neoliths discovered from different parts of Bihar and from foreign countries as well. The paleolithic tools from Bariar (Madhya Pradesh), Lalitpur (UP) and Attirampakkam (Tamil Nadu) are very important. Some very rare neoliths from Bihar and UP are also kept in the museum.The Patna Museum possesses one of the biggest collections of copper hoards discovered from different parts of Bihar and Jharkhand. They represent the casting technique and high metallurgy skill, said an expert.The museum preserves a few of the important finds from the Harappan sites, which include terracotta figurines, potteries, copper and bronze objects. Another prized collection is the famous female 'chauri bearer' figure of the Mauryan period (3rd century BC). Discovered at Didarganj, Patna City, the magnificent statue is known as Didarganj Yakshini. It is made of chunar sandstone and bears the typical Mauryan polish. The stone torso of a Jain Tirthankar, discovered at Lohanipur, Patna, is the earliest example of Jain art.The lion head from Masarh in Bhojpur and the bull from Hajipur of Mauryan period are also worth mentioning. It also has a fairly good number of sculptures of the Gandhara and the Mathura art which are chronologically synchronized with the age of Kushanas.The museum also preserves a number of sculptures of the Pala-Sena school of art dated between 8th &amp; 12th century AD. It possesses the best collection of bronze images, better known as 'astadhatu' images, in India. These bronzes were discovered from Chausa (Buxar), Kurkihar (Gaya), Nalanda, Belwa (Saran) and Nagapattinam (Tamil Nadu). The 18 Jain bronzes from Chausa are one of the most important collections of this museum. Similarly, the 163 bronze items from Kurkihar represent one of the finest collections from any part of India. These include the figures of Buddha, Tara, Balarama and so on.Patna Museum also has in its possession a fairly good number of paintings of Patna Qalam ( Patna School of Painting), which flourished in the city for about two centuries right from AD 1760 to the early decades of 20th century. The paintings are made on paper, mica and ivory.It also has the privilege of having a collection of Tibetan scroll paintings on silk, which were presented by Pandit Rahul Sankrityayana. These Thanka paintings are dated from 17th to 19th century AD. Tibetan scroll paintings mainly depict Buddha and Boddhisatva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251558", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited to build 1,000 bus shelters", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has announced that it would soon be building 1,000 bus shelters in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis for which a survey is being conducted.It may be noted that the PMPML and the two municipal corporations have failed to build bus shelters at stops despite a number of earlier announcements. Bus commuters are forced to stand in the open braving the heat and rains since there are many roads in the city and the neighbouring township that do not have bus shelters.Ajay Mane, a resident of Pimpri, said, \"Even years after its formation, the PMPML has failed to provide shelters at all bus stops.\"Smita Kadam, a resident of Chinchwad, said, \"Women, senior citizens and children are the main sufferers due to the lack of shelters at the stops.\"Ramakant Bhokare, chief of the PMPMPL advertising department, said, \"The transport body is conducting a survey in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad to find the exact number of stops on the various routes that do not have bus shelters. The survey is expected to be completed in a week. We will appoint an agency to prepare the tender documents for awarding the contract of constructing the bus shelters. The transport body wants to complete the project on BOT basis.\"Kailash Raut, a resident of Akurdi, said, \"Bus shelters should be big enough and seat at least 10 to 20 passengers. The new bus shelters have good chairs but only four to six people can be accommodated.\"Commuters often complain that there is no common design for bus shelters in both the cities and that over the years, the shelters have shrunk in size and are insufficient for the growing number of passengers.In response, Bhokare said, \"We plan to have a common design for the bus shelters in both the cities. The bus shelters will have a single long bench with a seating capacity of 20 people. We cannot have two long benches as most of the bus shelters are located on footpaths, which need to be kept free for the movement of pedestrians.\"Jugal Rathi, president, PMP Pravasi Manch, said, \"The manch has been fighting for the rights of bus passengers since 2007. There are 5,000 bus stops in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. But only 1,200 stops have bus shelters. There are a minimum of 1,000 bus stops in both these cities used by a large number of commuters through the day where there is urgent need of shelters.\"He said, \"There are around 100 bus shelters which have been rendered useless after the traffic police started the one-way on many roads like the JM and FC roads. PMPML should shift these shelters to the bus stops where they are needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255671", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to okay Rs 117cr garbage proposal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) standing committee is set to approve a Rs 117-crore proposal for garbage collection after rejecting it thrice. The members' delay in approving the contracts, which expired on May 31, led to a garbage pile-up in N (Ghatkopar), S (Bhandup) and T (Mulund) wards.Rahul Shewale, Shiv Sena leader and standing committee chairman, said, \"Initially, the contractor was not ready to accept the extension, but has agreed to the new proposal as we have agreed to pay him more.\"Some corporators felt they are being forced to accept the proposal. Rais Shaikh, Samajwadi Party group leader, told TOI, \"It's like holding a gun to our heads. If we do not pass the proposal, we will be blamed for garbage piling up on streets.\"Even though the contractor does not have the equipment, we will have to accept his tender as others will take at least 60 days to acquire the equipment and we cannot afford another delay,\" said Shaikh.The situation had got so bad that civic chief Sitaram Kunte had to exercise emergency powers and tell the contractors to continue lifting the garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249701", "title": "Now, Amit Shah faces trouble in Tulsi case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former minister of state for home Amit Shah is likely to be arrested again soon, this time in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. The CBI is also likely to arrest five police officers, including two IPS officers, by the end of this month for their involvement in the case.Shah was earlier arrested in the Sohrabudin Sheikh encounter case in July 2010 and had to spend three months in jail before he was granted bail in October. Since then, under orders of the Supreme Court, Shah has been barred from visiting Gujarat, lest he influenced the witnesses in the case.Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi were killed in November 2005 while Tulsiram was eliminated in December 2006. The CBI has concluded that Tulsiram was killed because he was a critical witness in the kidnapping of the Sheikh couple near Andhra Pradesh-Maharashtra border. Tulsiram, a fellow gangster of Sheikh, was travelling with the couple from Hyderabad to Sangli in a bus when they were kidnapped.CBI is likely to file a chargesheet in Ahmedabad this week in the Tulsiram case, which was handed over to the agency in April 2011. The chragesheet will name about half a dozen police officers, including one from AP, sources in the CBI said. The investigating agency has concluded that both encounters are closely interlinked.Sixteen persons, including deputy inspector general D G Vanzara, are already in jail for murdering Sheikh and his wife, while 13 persons were arrested by the CID (crime) for Tulsiram's killing. It is likely that the arrested officers, including ex-minister Shah, will have to explain their conduct in both the cases.A large contingent of CBI officers is camping in Ahmedabad to carry out the operation shortly. The agency is looking to file the chargesheet first and then seek warrants to arrest the accused. Sources said the CBI wants those arrested to be sent straight into judicial custody, as it has already interrogated them extensively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251592", "title": "Pune bus passes for students from July 2", "text": "PUNE: With the reopening of schools, the PMPML has started issuing free bus travel passes to students of standard V to X in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The passes will be issued from July 2 onwards by the respective schools.PMPML officials on Monday said that schools have to collect the application forms for the passes from the students. The forms can be collected by the school management officials or their representatives from the PMPML depot managers. The school authorities can contact depots nearest to their schools.The eleven PMPML depots are located at Swargate, Narveer Tanajiwadi Shivajinagar, Kothrud, Katraj, Hadapsar, Market Yard, Pune station, Bhakti Shakti (Nigdi), Sant Tukaramnagar (Pimpri), Sadgurunagar (Bhosari), and PMPML headquarters number two.All government-recognized secondary schools, only in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad limits, are eligible to avail the facility. The bus pass will be issued only for travel between the school and the residence of the student, a press release issued by the PMPML said.The officials said that application forms will be issued and also accepted between June 20 and 27. The passes will be issued to the schools, who in turn will issue them to the students from July 2 onwards.While accepting forms from the students in the prescribed format, schools are required to collect two passport size photographs of the student, as well as the photocopy of the ration card or identity card or a letter of the school headmaster.PMPML officials on Monday said that free bus pass facility was begun two years back. The Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations provide the necessary funds to PMPML for the bus pass facility to students. Nearly 50,000 students were issued passes last year, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263358", "title": "Jayam Ravi in dual role", "text": "Jayam Ravi last seen in Engeyum Kadhal has Ameer's Aadhi Bagavan and SP Jananathan's Boologam lined up, with Nimirnthu Nil being the latest adding to his kitty. The movie will be written and directed by Samuthirakani and will have Jayam Ravi in dual role. The movie will have Amala Paul and Meghna Raj as the leading ladies with Parota Suri taking care of humour quotients. Music will be scored by GV Prakash with Sukumar cranking the camera.Nimirnthu Nil will be produced by KS Srinivasan of Vasan Visual Ventures. The movie is expected to go on floors by August and will be made in Telugu too with Nani in the lead.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253037", "title": "3 held for robbery, car theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons, including a DU student, were arrested on Monday for robbing a businessman and snatching his car.Police said the accused wanted a joyride but had no vehicle and got into the man's car by threatening him with a toy pistol. They also made him withdraw money from the ATM to give the robbery 'a touch of professionalism', said cops.\"The accused have been identified as Pankaj (21), Deepak (20) and Ashish (19) \u2014 residents of outer Delhi. They were arrested after a tip-off received by SHO south Rohini, Jai Prakash ,\" said Tajinder Luthra, Joint CP, Northern Range.The trio pounced on the man as he was getting into his Swift, abducted him and later made away with the car though the businessman managed to escape. The incident took place in Sector 3 of the Rohini area of Outer district on June 9.\"The accused then drove around in the outer district area evading all the pickets and robbed the businessman of all valuables, including Rs 17,000 and his mobile phone,\" said a senior police officer. The 'drive' continued for about five hours and finally came to an end when the car got stuck in a pit, said cops.Kumar escaped as the men got out to push the car out of the pit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263996", "title": "Schools mum over admission lotto", "text": "Recent reports state that no school across India will be allowed to screen pre-primary and primary students and their parents at the time of admissions. \"With the Right to Education Act and support of the central government, schools must compulsorily follow the instructions, failing which they could be heftily fined,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Maharashtra.According to Section 13 2 (o) of the RTE Act, except for unaided minority schools, all other schools will now have to grant admission based on random selection through a lottery/ draw, or any other process that does not account to biased selection and/or screening. While this development has seen mixed reactions from various stakeholders, most of them consider it as a positive change. \"The mandate of 'no screening during admissions' was declared on April 1, 2010. However, most schools were not following it,\" said Deshmukh.The fact that this change has been accepted by most schools brings relief to parents. \"As most schools divide student percentage into various quotas, the procedure to select students through open category is very stringent. As parents, we have no option but accept what we get,\" said Reena Bhatia, whose four year-old son Vedant recently secured a seat in Junior KG.Swati Popat Vats, president, Podar Education Network says, \"Finally, the decision that benefits students has been taken. Students come to us as raw candidates, it is the job of a school to mould them and provide right education. School authorities should not expect the child to be polished even before seeking admission.\" While Vats is in favour of the change, a number of school principals contacted across the city refused to comment on this matter, citing more clarity as the reason.Apart from stringent screening process, another cause of worry for parents is heavy donations. This issue too has been tackled. The mandate also states that schools found guilty of charging capitation fees would be fined up to 10 times the amount accepted. \"The admission process is a cause of stress not just for children but parents as well. Thankfully now, the admission will be through a lucky draw. Our only worry is the capitation fee schools charge. I hope that with the new mandate and time, that too will disappear,\" said Domnic Rebello, father of a three-year old.To assist parents with queries regarding the RTE Act, the Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad (MPSP) will launch a website in August this year. Apart from this, the website will keep a track of various schools, infrastructure, enrollment process of students, etc.Meanwhile, school authorities who need clarification on the new mandate can visit http://www.mpsp.org.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252253", "title": "Thousands vie for Stephen\u2019s seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 2,500 aspirants who have scored 97% and above, including the CBSE Class XII topper, Mohammad Ismat, have applied for the 420 seats at St Stephen's College. Apart from the large number of high scorers flooding the college, it also received the highest number of applications (22,000) ever.An unprecedented number of high scorers in Class XII registered to secure a seat at Stephen's this year, making the competition even tougher. According to college sources the ratio of aspirants who have scored above 97% per seat is six.\"Yes, the number of high scorers above 97% has seen a significant jump. In fact the aspirants per seat ratio has touched a new high of 52,\" said media coordinator of St Stephen's College, Karen Gabriel.\"It has been my dream to study at Stephen's and I have applied for physics (honours). Now I will have to clear the interview process,\" said Ismat from Manipur. Although, the cutoffs are likely to go up marginally, according to the college administration, it should ring an alarm bells as admission to Stephen's is based on Class XII marks and interview.Meanwhile, the college has this year also received the highest number of applications which is 22,000, up from 21,000 in 2011. The highlight of this year's admission process has been the introduction of the online application process. While Delhi University received around 30% online applications, Stephen's received a 67% of its applications online. It has also received 40 applications from differently abled candidates.\"We have received 15,000 online applications, which are more than double the number of over the counter applications. It has been our endeavour to encourage online application in order to minimize the use of paper. To a large extent we have been successful and we would in future like all aspirants to apply online,\" said Gabriel.The college offers undergraduate courses in humanities and sciences. Among the courses BA (honours) in English received the highest number of applications with a ratio of 119 candidates per seat, followed by economics with 98.5 aspirants per seat. BSc (honours) in mathematics received 991 applications, the highest among the science courses.The cutoffs for various courses will be declared on Wednesday evening and the list of candidates shortlisted for interview will be announced on Friday. The interviews will start from June 25 and will continue till July 8, 2012. The sports trials will commence from Tuesday for admission under the sports category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "14257508", "title": "Fake chit fund company dupes over 500 people", "text": "KARNAL: Greed to get their money doubled in a stipulated time got the better of more than 500 people of the district, who ended up losing lakhs of rupees to a Faridabad-based chit fund company, which turned out to be fake.Named as SBD Crown India Chit Fund Company, the firm allegedly lured residents promising to double their money invested in real estate, in 20 months. However, most investors complained of not having received any returns as promised. The company, instead, shut its office and the employees disappeared.Following this, three persons approached the police with their complaints against the company owner - Chittara Singh of Faridabad. According to information, the local office was opened by Chittara's son-in-law Dinesh Kumar of Dikadla village in Samalkha sub-division of Panipat, and several offices existed in the region.SHO Satish Gautam said Faridabad police received similar complaints and arrested Chittara Singh, who was brought on production warrants on Monday. Chittara Singh was produced before a local court which sent him in four-day custody. He said Karnal police lodged three FIRs against the accused and the complainants alleged of having been duped of Rs 25 to Rs 75 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252360", "title": "India wants Headley to depose via video", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has asked the US to provide it with statements of 13 people associated with Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorist David Coleman Headley and his accomplice in the 2611 Mumbai terror attack case Tahawwur Hussain Rana and explore a possibility of deposing the duo for trial before a court through video-conferencing in a pending NIA case.Indian investigators believe that the 13 people, including Headley's wife Shazia Gilani, his ex-wife, Rana's associates and his Canada-based relatives, could be potential witnesses against the duo in a NIA case of November, 2009, which looks beyond 2611.Both Headley (US citizen) and Rana (Canadian citizen) \u2014 of Pakistani origin \u2014 are currently lodged in a Chicago jail. They were arrested by the FBI in October, 2009.The NIA case against them pertains to their involvement in a larger conspiracy to carry out terror attacks in New Delhi and other cities with the help of Pakistan-based terror outfits LeT and HuJI.Taking cognizance of the NIA's chargesheet against Headley, Rana, Lashkar founder Hafiz Saeed, the outfit's key commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and five others, the special court here on May 31 had sought their presence before it for trial on August 6.Seeking American cooperation to take the case against Headley and Rana to logical conclusion, India had placed its demand during the third Indo-US strategic dialogue in Washington on June 13. New Delhi reminded Washington of the pending Letters Rogatory which were sent to the US seeking help in the ongoing investigations.\"Since extradition of both these accused seemed almost impossible, India has asked the US to explore an option of video-conferencing to depose them for trial,\" said an official.He said that the US told India that they would consider its request but conveyed that one or two persons were currently based in Canada and New Delhi would have to approach that country for the same.India had access to Headley, who had made a reconnaissance trip of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack targets for the LeT in June, 2010, but so far has not been able to quiz Rana, Shazia and others who have had links with him.Rana was last year convicted of knowingly conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist conspiracy to maim and murder people in Denmark, and of providing material support to the LeT. He was, however, acquitted in the Mumbai terror attack case.Home secretary R K Singh was part of the delegation which visited the US for the Dialogue last week. Singh had visited the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in the US and got a first hand feel of the anti-terror hub despite opposition to a similar set up back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252370", "title": "Civic polls: Biggest zone craves for small mercies", "text": "LUCKNOW: One of the largest zones of the city comprising maximum 21 wards, Zone-2 is the home to a large number of residential colonies. While some posh ones of them like Mahanagar, Aliganj and parts of Vikas Nagar did receive the government's attention to some extent, wards like Faizullahgannj, which houses some of the most backward localities of the state capital, continued to crave for enough government attention.It was only after nearly half a dozen deaths reportedly caused by cholera, diarrhoea and other serious ailments in localities like Faizullahganj and Khadra in 2010 that the municipal administration woke up from its slumber and took a note. While vaccination and an alert fogging did take place, no systemic changes like proper disposal of municipal garbage and proper drainage network, were put in place to ensure that the menace was removed from its root.Kumkum Rajput, corporator of Faizullahganj-2, says: \"The condition has hardly improved a bit in the past five years. The ward was never on the government's priority. So, it continues to remain backward. Be it sewer, drinking water facilities or even local power supply -- just everything is in short supply.\"The area is in the municipal limits just for the namesake. Development never took place here,'' said Om Prakash Shukla of Naya Purwa ki Chakki in Faizullahganj. People here died of infectious diseases. They will continue to do so if proper attention is not given,'' he warns. So has been the case with wards like Triveni Nagar, Janakipuram and even Daliganj where proper civic amenities remain a far cry.On the flipside, there are wards in this zone which prospered just because those who mattered lived there. For example, Vikas nagar, which lies in the Lala Lajpat Rai ward. It was in this ward where former urban development minister Nakul Dubeu lived. The roads were constructed within no time, sewer lines were laid, dinking water facilities were put in place.Congress corporator Shailendra Tewari said that he wanted to get a swimming pool, a children park and a library constructed in the ward. The matter was even put up in the municipal house. But then lack of funds came in the way,'' Tewari, who is now Congress's city spokesperson, said.Things did improve to some extent. But they were not enough as per the aspirations of the people. At times there was gross carelessness on the part of municipal administration,'' said Rakesh Kumar, a resident of sector-M Aliganj. He referred to the lack of coordination between various civic agencies which deprived people of proper civic amenities. Roads were repeatedly dug up to lay sewer lines and were not covered for months. What is the use of such facilities which deprive people of other amnities,'' he said.The zone happens to be politically crucial for the Bhartiya Janata Party which has 11 corporators in this here. Samajwadi Party (SP) is the next with four corporators, followed by Congress which had three corporators. Interestingly, out of the 11 existing BJP corporators, only two will get a chance to contest the elections once again, thanks to the reservation model that has completely changed the profile of the wards. Same is true with Congress corporators where two existing corporators will have to shun their ambition to try their luck for the another term. The three independent corporators may, however, get a chance as the three wards have been unreserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250949", "title": "Patient's kin ransack south Mumbai St George Hospital's ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: The ICU of the state-run St George Hospital's in south Mumbai was ransacked by relatives of a 70-year-old patient late on Sunday over allegations of indifference on the part of doctors.While officials from the MRA Marg police confirmed the incident, they said the hospital was yet to lodge a formal complaint with them.Sources said relatives of Dharavi's Parvati Trimukhe were informed about her death on Sunday night. She was admitted last Wednesday and diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder. Later, she was also diagnosed with blockages in the heart.Medical superintendent D R Kulkarni said: \"The patient was unconscious for three days and the relatives were informed about her condition. We also advised surgery for her heart condition, but they did not think it was very important.\" On learning of the death, Trimukhe's angry relatives allegedly broke the windows of the ICU. They claimed the body n Monday.Lewd call arrestThe Bazarpeth police in Kalyan on Monday arrested a youth for allegedly making lewd calls to an MNS corporator of the KDMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251355", "title": "New fees reimbursement rules upset Dalit outfits", "text": "PUNE: The Aarakshan Hakka Sanrakshan Samiti (committee for protection of reservation rights') is up in arms over the State cabinet's move to modify the reimbursement for professional course fees scheme for socially backward and economically weaker section students from 2012-13.The samiti is a collective of Dalit Ambedkar movement, Left and socialist organisations. Its convenor Sanjay Dabadhe told TOI on Monday, \"The modifications are unfair and unjust. The government always finds it convenient to curtail the constitutionally mandated expenditure for the socially and economically weaker sections under the garb of a financial crunch.\"On Monday, the samiti met at Ambedkar cultural hall near Pune railway station to chalk out an action plan of protests and demonstrations against the decision.According to the modifications cleared by the cabinet on June 13, an income ceiling of Rs 2 lakh per annum has been introduced for the beneficiaries from the scheduled caste (SC), scheduled tribe (ST), VJNT (denotified tribes), other backward class (OBC) and special backward class (SBC) students.Earlier, there was no such ceiling for the SC/ST students while the same for the VJNT, OBC and SBC students was Rs 1 lakh per annum.While the benefit of 100% reimbursement of fees will be extended to the SC/ST students, the government has now prescribed a fixed amount of reimbursement to the VJNT, OBC and SBC students for various professional courses.These students would earlier get 50% reimbursement of their tuition fees but now, they will get a fixed amount, which need not necessarily work out to 50%.The new scheme restricts the benefit to only two children from an eligible family as against no such restriction earlier. Moreover, if a family has two sons then the benefit will be restricted to one but, if a family has a son and a daughter then the benefit will be extended to both,and in case of a family having two girls, the benefit will be given to both.Dabadhe and other members met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday, and pointed out the widespread resentment in the community.\"He justified the decision on the grounds that the government does not have sufficient funds to continue with the scheme in its present form and that has safeguarded the interest of students below Rs 2 lakh annual income. However, the CM's stance is highly objectionable,\" said Dabadhe.He said, \"The Constitution mandates a special component plan by each state government for the SC/ST communities and a sub-plan for the tribal communities. An expenditure directly proportionate to the percentage of population of these communities in the state has been provided under these plans.\"\"However, successive governments in the state have consistently resorted to under-provisioning of financial outlay for these plans and under-utilisation of money. There is no political will and the state administration is apathetic to these issues,\" he said.Dabadhe said, \"The CM has cited situations like drought in the state but, the government can seek funds from the central government to address drought instead of curtailing expenses mandated for the socially and economically weaker sections.\"The tweaks* Income ceiling of Rs 2 lakh per annum introduced for SC/ST, VJNT, OBC and SBC students* No such income ceiling existed earlier for SC/ST students* Income ceiling for VJNT, OBC and SBC was Rs 1 lakh per annum prior to modification* 100% reimbursement of fees for SC/ST students* Fixed amount of reimbursement for VJNT, OBC, SBC students as against 50% of course fees earlier* Reimbursement benefit only for two children per eligible family* Benefit restricted to only one son in case of a family having two sons* Family with one son and one daughter to get reimbursement for both* Family with two daughters to get benefit for both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254566", "title": "Human chain in Coimbatore on June 25 to protest dam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Major political groups in the region have decided to form a massive human chain in Gandhipuram in the city on June 25 to protest Kerala government's move to revive a three-decade old plan to construct a dam downstream Siruvani dam. Cadres and leaders of DMK, MDMK, PMK and Periyar Dravida Kazhagam are expected to participate in the protest to pressurise Kerala from going ahead with the dam plan. The decision was taken after a meeting of representatives of these groups at Periyar Padippagam here on Monday.\"This will be the first stage of protest and if Kerala goes ahead with its plan we will meet MPs and MLAs from western Tamil Nadu and jointly oppose the decision,\" said K Ramakrishnan, secretary, PDK.Since this newspaper reported a move on the part of Kerala government to revive the project that could affect water flow into the Bhavani river which supplies water to Coimbatore city and irrigates large parts of Erode district last week, political groups have been working on strategies to counter the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14250928", "title": "Reconstructed Ximer road left potholed", "text": "CALANGUTE: Heavy rains played havoc in the coastal belt of Candolim-Calangute as a mango tree came crashing down on a house in Candolim, while a newly reconstructed road at Ximer failed to withstand the first rains.The mango tree came crashing down on the house of Annie Borges opposite Kingifisher Villa in Candolim at 7.30am on Monda. The inhabitants of the house escaped without any injuries because they had spent the night in another room fearing that the tree would fall anytime, Borges told TOI. She estimated the damage at around 1,00,000.Fire brigade and police sources said that they received innumerable calls of trees crashing and electric poles falling, but most of the incidents were minor in nature.Motorists complained that the newly-elevated road at Ximer on the Candolim-Calangute border near the temple has developed huge potholes making it difficult for drivers.Newly-elected Calangute MLA Michael Lobo had pledged to make the area, which is prone to flooding, flood-free and had the road elevated soon after the elections so as to avoid flooding. But the newly-laid road was unable to bear the fury of the rains over the weekend and has now developed gaping potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256202", "title": "Eight cops injured as mob storms outpost", "text": "KOLKATA: Relatives of four people - who have been accused in a murder case - stormed the Habra police station in North 24-Parganas and demanded that the accused be handed over to them. When the police tried to resist the mob onslaught, it sparked off a clash. At least eight policemen, including a senior police official and a woman constable, were injured. Police have rounded up four persons. in connection with the incident.Police said that 23-year-old Ajanta Das was found hanging at her in-laws' residence at Teenamtala in Habra on Sunday night. The victim's father Uttam Das later lodged a complaint with Habra police alleging that his daughter was strangled for dowry. The in-laws may have then hung her body, accused Ajanta's father.According to the complaint, Ajanta was strangled for dowry. Her in-laws then hung her body.Based on the complaint, police arrested the victim's husband Surajit Das, her sister-in-law Sutapa Biswas, mother-in-law Sima Das and father-in-law Ganesh Das late on Sunday.The incident took place at 11.30am while the four accused were being taken to Barasat court. A group of people arrived at the spot and tried to forcibly take away the accused. When police lathicharged the mob, they started pelting stones. The OC of Habra police station, Anil Roy was also injured in the attack. \"When we tried to resist, the mob attacked us. They also attacked a police vehicle. We are probing the matterFour of them were arrested,\" said Roy, OC, Habra. On Monday, the four were put into a police van to be taken to the court, when a group of people victim's relatives and some locals rushed to the police station and demanded that the accused be handed over to them.The Habra police station in North 24 Parganas turned into a battleground on Monday morning when a group of people tried to snatch from police four accused arrested in connection with an alleged murder of a housewife. At least eight policemen, including a senior police official and a woman constable, were injured after a clash broke out between police and the mob. Four persons were arrested for involvement in the clash. Police said 23-year-old housewife Ajanta Das was found hanging in her in-laws' residence at Teenamtala near Maslandapur in Habra on Sunday night. The victim's father Uttam Das lodged a murder complaint with Habra police station against her in-laws. According to the complaint, Ajanta was strangled for dowry. Her in-laws then hung her body. Police arrested the victim's husband Surajit Das, her sister-in-law Sutapa Biswas, mother-in-law Sima Das and father-in-law Ganesh Das late on Sunday on the basis of the complaint.Police said trouble broke out around 11.30am on Monday when cops from Habra police station were about to leave the police station for Barasat district court, taking the four accused in a police van to produce them in court. The victim's relatives and some locals rushed to the police station and demanded that the accused be handed over to them.When police refused to hand over the accused, the mob tried to snatch them away from cops, leading to the clash. The mob attacked the police vehicle in which the accused were being taken to court. When police tried to disperse the mob by resorting to a lathi-charge, a clash broke out. The mob also pelted stones at the police, injuring eight cops, including Anil Roy, officer-in-charge of Habra PS and a woman constable. A large police contingent led by senior police officials rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. Four of the victim's family members were arrested in this connection. The injured cops were taken to Habra State General Hospital.\"Some of the victim's relatives tried to snatch away the accused forcibly. When we tried to resist, they attacked us. They also damaged a police vehicle. Four of them were arrested and we are also looking for others involved in the clash,\" said Anil Roy, OC, Habra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14253976", "title": "Govt sits on BCCI fund on 'poor' sports", "text": "KOLKATA: Four years after contributing Rs 50 crore to a corpus set up to promote excellence in cash-starved disciplines like archery, boxing, wrestling, swimming and judo at the behest of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS), the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) now wants to know the status of the fund and how the money is being disbursed.Claiming to be \"totally in the dark\", BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale has written a letter to joint-secretary, sports, government of India, requesting him to throw light on the status of the Rs 80 crore BEST Fund (BCCI-NSDF Elite Sports Talent Fund) that was 'set up' in July 2008 with a view to training prospective medal winners at mega international events like the Beijing Olympic Games (2008), Commonwealth Youth Games (2008), the Commonwealth Games in Delhi (2010) and the Asian Games in 2010.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who was at the helm of BCCI then, had responded positively to the MYAS (headed by former sports minister MS Gill) proposal and agreed to contribute Rs 25 crore to the fund with a matching amount coming in from the ministry. However, following another request from the then joint secretary, sports, Injeti Srinivas, the BCCI had agreed to double its contribution. The MYAS too had raised its share to Rs 30 crore to set up the Rs 80 crore fund that was to be operated by the BCCI-NSDF Implementation Committee (BNIC).As per the ministry's suggestion, the BCCI had nominated four members - N Srinivasan, Arun Jaitley , MP Pandove and Anurag Thakur - to the committee that also included four members each of the NSDF executive council and MYAS along with one representative each of the National Sports Federations (NSFs). The joint-secretary, sports, was to be a member secretary of the BNIC.It was also agreed that the BNIC would not only be responsible for drawing up an action plan for the support to be extended to the individual sportspersons for the grant of financial assistance and monitoring their progress, but also have the authority to approve the entire budget of the BEST Fund.In its letter to the sports minister, Jagdale has regretted the fact that in four years of its existence, the BNIC held only two meetings, the last being on May 29, 2009. \"We do not know if in reality a corpus of Rs 80 crore, as promised, was set up. We request you to kindly give us the details of the BEST Fund since its institution and also inform us of the status of the BNIC executive committee formed to regulate the fund,\" the letter states.The ball is now in the ministry's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250043", "title": "Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah gets Anti-Corruption Bureau court summons in land case", "text": "HYDERABAD: An ACB court in Hyderabad on Monday issued summons to former AP chief minister and present Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah, asking him to appear before it on August 2 in connection with the Ameerpet land scam case in which he is accused of unduly favouring some private parties.Rosaiah was among the 13 accused in the case related to denotification of 9.14 acres of prime land at Ameerpet in 2010. The land was originally in possession of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA).An advocate, Mohan Lal, filed a case in the ACB court in December 2010 alleging that as chief minister, Rosaiah approved the denotification of the prime land in favour of one G N Naidu and some private parties and caused a loss of Rs 200 crore to the state exchequer.The ACB officials, after a preliminary investigation, filed a report in the court in March 2011 stating there was no evidence against Rosaiah and as such requested it to close the case.The ACB court, however, rejected the report that sought to give a clean chit to the former chief minister. The court decided to examine the witnesses in the case following a 'protest petition' filed by the petitioner.The court then recorded the statements of senior IAS officers CVSK Sarma (then principal secretary to the CM), T S Appa Rao (then principal secretary of municipal administration and urban development department) and B P Acharya (then HMDA commissioner) in the case.As per the the summons, Rosaiah has to explain the reasons for his decision to denotify the land. However, legal sources are of the view that since constitutional authorities like governor enjoy immunity from such summons, it is to be seen whether any action would be taken on the summons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249715", "title": "Arvind strike intensified as Ankur workers join in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Trouble refuses to die down for denim-maker Arvind Ltd. As the ongoing labour strike swelled on Monday with over 600 workers from Ankur Textiles, a division of Arvind which manufactures voiles, joined the unrest. Operations at Arvind's Naroda unit have remained marred since June 4 as around 3,500 workers went on a strike demanding higher wages. Ankur Textile manufactures 36 million metres of voiles and other fabrics of which 90% of unprocessed fabrics are outsourced.Arvind in a statement said that they have started fresh recruitment which has helped them partially resume production. \"The company has intensified recruitment process and is hopeful that it will be able to increase production further within next week. The company has terminated the services of few workers as the positions have been filled up by fresh workers. The company will continue to terminate the services of more workers as fresh recruitment's are made,\" the company said.Company said that the some of the machines are too being relocated to another location from the affected location.The company also announced outsourcing the denim production to Bangladesh. However, with Ankur mill workers joining the strike, problems galore for the textile major. The production at Ankur mill too was partially closed down due to the strike.\"More workers from Ankur Textiles are likely to join the protest on Tuesday. We will soon begin a fresh round of discussion with the company soon,\" said Yashpal Jaiswal, leader of the striking workers at Arvind's Naroda plant. The workers have been demanding 40 percent hike in wages. Arvind management has already termed the strike 'illegal' stating that TLA had already filed a petition in the industrial court demanding higher wages.The Naroda plant primarily makes denim fabrics and has annual capacity of 84 million metres out of 108 million metres of total denim capacity of Arvind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "gwalior", "code": "14252465", "title": "Special Task Force rescues GAIL official", "text": "GWALIOR: Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force (STF) in a joint operation with the Madhya Pradesh police on Monday rescued a senior official of the Gas Authority of India Limited from the captivity of his abductors in the district, and have arrested six persons, a senior cop said.SS Bhatnagar, who was posted as terminal manager at the Mathura-based GAIL refinery, was kidnapped on June 11 while on his way to the company office by the accused who demanded a ransom of Rs one crore for his safe release, IG(Gwalior Range) UC Shandhi and UP STF SP Satyaveer Singh told reporters. Police suspected the involvement of Jitendra alias Pahad Singh gang behind the crime. Teams of Gwalior police and their Datia counterparts took part in the joint operation. According to the officials, police traced the location of the abductors, first at Gwalior and then near Dabra town, on June 12 after they made first call for ransom.Meanwhile, on a tip-off police first picked up Jitendra yesterday and arrested five others, including a wanted dacoit Dinesh Ahirwar carrying a reward of Rs 10,000 on him, along with Sunil Jatav, Vinod Jatav, Chandu Jatav, Mansingh and Akthar alias Rajkumar from Ratangarh and Devgarh forest areas, situated between Jijora and Dabra towns in Gwalior district, and rescued Bhatnagar, they said.Bhatnagar told reporters that his abductors called twice at his residence in Mathura, first demanding Rs one crore in ransom and later Rs 70 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256150", "title": "LEDs on back burner, Kolkata Municipal Corporation invests in tridents", "text": "KOLKATA: LED lights save energy while trident lights are considered to be power guzzlers. LED lights are part of the civic body's green drive while trident lights are pushing the city to carbon credit debt and the KMC to electricity dues. All said and done, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is still preferring to install trident lights and, in the process, gradually pushing the LED streetlamps on the back burner.In 2010, the KMC undertook a pilot project to replace high-power sodium vapour lamps with LEDs. The KMC had successfully replaced 273 sodium lamps in some major roads under the pilot project. The KMC monitored the illumination level, uniformity, lumen depreciation, durability and colour shift last year and concluded that these lamps are not only environment-friendly and durable, but also offer better visibility.Besides, LED lamps proved a major energy saver with the 273 installed in Kolkata saving 54 KW last year, lowering KMC's annual electricity bill by Rs 11 lakh. \"If all 1,80,000 sodium vapour street lights in Kolkata are replaced by LEDs, a whopping 35,604 KW will be saved, translating to Rs 75 crore a year,\" said a KMC lighting department official. However, the official conceded that initial investment to buy LED lamps could be much higher than sodium vapour lamps.Now compare this to installation of decorative trident lamps. After civic bosses decided to install decorative lamps last December, the ones installed were found consuming a very high amount of electricity. This pushed up KMC's electricity bills from Rs 15 crore in December to Rs 21 crore in May this year. In another six months, the monthly bills will rise to Rs 30 crore, warned a KMC lighting department official.\"Now we have installed only 10,000 such decorative lamps. But in six months, we will install another 20,000 such lamps. That will take the electricity bills to Rs 30 crore,\" the KMC official said. And installation of decorative lights is also causing a dent in the civic coffer. \"We have to shell out Rs 65-70 crore for installation of these decorative lamps,\" said a KMC official.Some KMC councillors are not happy over such wastage of money when the civic body is going through a severe funds crunch. Congress councillor Prakash Upadhyay alleged that while thousands of people in Narkeldanga have been badly hit by a severe water crisis, investing in decorative lamps amounts to sheer wastage of funds.\"We need drinking water, drainage and proper roads first. Then we can think of installing designer lights to beautify the city,\" Upadhyay said. However, mayor Sovan Chatterjee does not feel that investing on decorative trident lights is a waste of civic funds. \"We need to spend on essential civic services such as water supply, drainage and garbage disposal. But, at the same time, we need to invest a part of our revenue on beautifying the city. Installation of designer trident lamps is a part of that beautification,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14256405", "title": "Bangalore University officials turn 'men of letters', literally", "text": "BANGALORE: It probably won't be an exaggeration to call Bangalore University officials \"the men of letters\", thanks to the new form of warfare they have adopted for their never-ending battle within the campus.It's a constant war of words between the two parties - for- and anti-vice-chancellor groups. Only at syndicate meetings do they come face to face, otherwise the mode of communication is the letters they send each other, all of which are copied to the media and, therefore, labeled as open letters.Such is the frequency of their arguments that at least four letters are sent every week. Each throws a challenge to the other party, laced with sarcasm and accusations. The letters run into several pages most of the time and are copied to the higher authorities, including the chief minister who holds the higher education portfolio. They appear to be write letters for everything under the sun: for a random statement that an official would have made to any development in the university.At times, the letters to the VC even turn personal. For instance, syndicate member KV Acharya wrote one with the subject line, 'Doctor Doctor cure thyself': \"Idi Amin or Saddam Hussain or Stalin of Russia or all put in one.\" He called the VC's attitude akin to 'witch-hunting' and said his actions \"are symptoms of a derailed mind that need immediate treatment before it is deceased\". \"This being the case, what is the fun in interacting with you? Please take the help of some doctor to treat the portion above your heart,\" he told Prabhu Dev in his letter.A letter by the joint action committee, a formal anti-VC group, said in a release: \"He (VC) has been, for the past three-and-a-half years talking of mafia and reforms. The entire Karnataka knows who the don of the mafia is. The sordid drama of the Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology speaks volumes.\"On the other side, Prabhu Dev targeting the syndicate through letters is also not uncommon. \"Thank you for bringing to my notice that the syndicate is in existence and its members are very much available... The forum of syndicate is for exhibition of the skills of brain to discuss matters on academics and administration pertaining to university. It cannot be converted into a show of brawn, which unfortunately was very successfully displayed by you,\" he has said in one letter.EPISTOLARY WARPrabhu Dev wrote a letter to me. I just replied to it. The letter has been sent to everybody because mediapersons also want to know some thingsKV Acharya | syndicate memberHow else do I send the message across? When the attack comes through the media, I have to reply through lettersN Prabhu Dev | vice-chancellor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256192", "title": "Adhir slams Trinamool in public meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Pradesh Congress leaders have never been so aggressive against the Trinamool Congress in public. But the attack lost its punch when one took a peek at the compromise behind the dais.When Congress leader Adhir Chowdhury led a scathing attack on the Trinamool in front of the Tollygunge police station on Monday over the recent attack on south Kolkata Congress president and councillor Mala Roy, little did the man on the street know that the venue had to be shifted from Hazra at the instructions of the party high command because it was close to Mamata Banerjee's home.Janardan Dwivedi, chairman of Congress' media cell, called up the Pradesh Congress leadership and asked it to shift the venue of agitation. South Kolkata Congress hurriedly shifted the venue to a place in front of Tollygunge police station.Murshidabad district Congress president and MP Adhir Chowdhury gave a clear call to Congress workers to resist such attacks. \"Congress workers came under such attacks for 34 years when the Left was in power. It is unfortunate that we are still the target. Political power has changed, but there has been no change in the political culture. The one-year honeymoon is over now. People have started questioning the credibility of this government, \" Chowdhury said.He then shifted to the Presidential polls saying that the chief minister was desperate to stop Pranab Mukherjee from becoming the President. According to him, the only motive is personal rivalry. Chowdhury said: \"You are the chief minister. Eccentricity and histrionics are your personal qualifications. Being the custodian of the state, people expect to see in you the pride and sentiment of Bengal. But that is sorely missing in her.\" Personal envy seems to prevail over other sonsiderations.\"Taking a dig at her recently found obsession with Facebook, Chowdhury said, \"Earlier Didi only used to speak, almost on every issue. Now she is writing and writing. I saw billboards on my way from the airport to the city, with slogans like 'Pahar Hasche, Jungle Hasche' (The Hills are smiling, so is Jangalmahal). But now, Didi kadche aar CPM hasche (Didi is crying and the CPM is smiling). Mamata Banerjee's single-point agenda is to obliterate the Congress from Bengal after defeating the CPM. But it would not be as easy as she thinks.\"He further said: \"At the Centre, we are governing the country with formidable strength. She often threatens to quit from the UPA. Will that be so easy ? Gele rail o chole jabe, tahole sarkarer ar bail bajbe na (If that happens, the railway will go. who will then ring the bail for the state government).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260394", "title": "Saif, Milan Luthria unite after 13 years", "text": "Saif Ali Khan and Milan Luthria go back a long way; the reigning Nawab of Pataudi was part of Luthria's debut film Kachche Dhaage. And while the two of them have wanted to work together since, it hasn't really happened, not until now. TOI has learnt that Saif Ali Khan will top-line Luthria's next, produced by Bhushan Kumar, head honcho of T-Series.When contacted, Luthria confirmed the news saying, \"All through the time we have not worked together, Saif has constantly remained in touch. The other day, we were speaking to each other over the phone when he reminded me about our wanting to reunite on another project after Kachche Dhaage. That's when I narrated a plot where the protagonist's character matched him to the hilt. He was very thrilled and agreed to do the film over the phone itself. It was instinctive for both of us.\"A source close to the film told us, \"After Kachche Dhaage, Milan got busy with other films while Saif continued with his projects. However, they would discuss films whenever they met. Saif thought they should collaborate since they understand each other so well.\"With Saif currently in Turkey shooting for Race 2 and Luthria set to start filming the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai next month, the formalities will be worked out once Saif returns. \"The film promises to be an outand-out entertainer. The heroine is yet to be finalised. Milan is aware Saif needs to be paired with someone who can match his style,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253049", "title": "Cable operator rivals indulge in mudslinging", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The fight between two groups of cable operators became murkier on Monday as both groups engaged in mud slinging. While members of Orissa Cable Association (OCA) sat on a strike on Monday, the members of All Orissa Cable TV Owners' Association (AOCTOA) alleged them of being \"unfair\".Soumya Patnaik, a member of OCA and a Congress leader, said, \"For the benefit of a particular cable owner, the government is forming new rules. This will affect the business of hundreds of small cable operators across the state. We would continue our strike till the government decides to change its rule.\" The members of OCA shouted slogans against ruling BJD MP Baijayant Panda, who owns a leading cable company, and alleged that the tender process has been done to favour his company.On the other hand, members of AOCTOA alleged that a Kolkata-based cable company was misleading a group of cable operators and trying to stall the tender process floated by CESU. \"If the current tender process is stalled then 'one pole one cable rule' will be effective, which will affect the business of small cable operators more. The long awaited demand for use of electricity distribution polls with right of way would help the cable operators to survive and help them in providing service in best of their abilities,\" said Pranabesh Prasan Sahoo, a member of AOCTOA.While most of the big cities are under the coverage of Multi Service Operators ( MSO), local cable operators have their customer base in small towns and rural areas. \"The fight between two cable operator groups led by the ruling and opposition party leaders seemed more as a political fight. As a result of the fight between two groups of cable operators ultimately, it is the customer who will suffer the most,\" said a cable operator, requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14256006", "title": "Deadline lapses, rice millers refuse to comply with pollution control board's conditions", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab government appears to be caught in a piquant situation with rice millers refusing to comply with the condition about having sheds for rice husk and having pucca roads inside the mills, even as a deadline fixed by Punjab and Haryana high court for compliance of these directions lapsed on June 18.The Punjab Pollution Control Board, which was party in a case before the high court, was asked by the court to get these orders complied. It is learned that last week, deputy commissioners of various districts and PPCB officials held meetings with rice millers to get the conditions complied, but the latter did not relent. A PPCB official said that the deadline was fixed in February by the high court.Rice millers have even dared the PPCB to issue orders for disconnecting their power supply, holding that they would not comply with these orders. Punjab Rice Millers Welfare Association president Rakesh Jain said, \"We will not comply with these directions. Let PPCB disconnect our power supply. We'll rather prefer to shut down our mills rather than investing on these two projects.\"The association said that Punjab government should constitute a high level committee to examine the issue objectively at the ground level as husk did not contain any dust and trucks moving inside the mills at snail's pace were not leading to rise of dust from ground. \"The state government should move the court and millers would not become party to the litigation on the issue,\" Jain said, adding, \"They were not causing any pollution on these fronts\".What is compounding the situation for the state government is the pending stocks of paddy, lying with millers for milling. \"Around 35% paddy was still lying pending for milling and if the mills would be shut down, the entire responsibility for this would be of the state government,\" Jain said.A senior PPCB official said this was a bargaining point with the millers and if the situation gets complicated, then the state government would have a major headache staring at it during paddy harvesting. \"Farmer issues remain sensitive for the state government and millers are trying to use this to their advantage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14251473", "title": "RC Dutt Road banyan trees to be transplanted", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has decided not to cut the banyan trees on R C Dutt Road and Alkapuri, and instead relocate them.The civic body had been mulling on the fate of these trees from the time it widened the road as they came within the road line. VMC on Friday announced that the trees will be relocated to a suitable location soon. The civic body took a decision to transplant 17 trees, most of them banyan trees after which the city is named, on R C Dutt Road. The detailed plan regarding their relocation is being worked out. The Times of India had recently reported that the fate of these trees hung in balance as the civic body had not arrived at a decision on the course of action to adopt regarding these trees.VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar said it had been decided not to cut these trees. \"We are looking into the timing of the transplantation and the place where they will be relocated,\" he said.VMC executive engineer (roads) Dhiren Talpada said the transplantation would be done with the help of a non-governmental organization. \"We will provide them with material and machinery. The tree and its roots are removed along with the earth surrounding it in a five-feet radius. Monsoon is an ideal time to do this, but the experts will decide on the timing,\" he said.Officials added that the trees could be relocated on the side of the road as there was little scope for further widening at most places. If service lines for drainage, sewage or storm water are an issue, the trees may be located at some other suitable location.VMC parks and gardens director V R Shikhaliya said the banyan trees are around 15 years old and it would not be a problem to make them survive. \"The chances of their survival after transplantation is very bright,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257407", "title": "Shortcuts in the skies save fuel, time", "text": "CHENNAI: Early this month, a Chennai-bound British Airways flight took off from Heathrow airport. It flew over Belgium, Germany, Romania and Turkey. However, after leaving Iranian air space, the pilot deviated from the flight plan. Instead of flying along the west coast of India, the pilot flew straight to Bellary and banked left to descend to Chennai airport. The alternative route had better wind conditions and less turbulence and the pilot managed to save both time and fuel.Most pilots manning intercontinental flights headed for Chennai, Bangalore and Thiruvananthapuram are beginning to fly such user preferred routes against routes mentioned in the flight plan, filed before the departure of an aircraft . This is enabled by partnerships among countries in the Bay of Bengal, Arabian Sea and Indian Ocean (BOBASIO) region, who have formed a traffic management coordination group to help airlines cut fuel costs and control emissions. An analysis shows that pilots in the region are now able to often deviate from the flight plan and select a route according to the situation above a height of 39,000 feet.\"A flight plan covers several international air routes that are defined by the location of en route airports and navigational aids on the ground. A pilot normally sticks to the flight plan. But we are asking for deviations if the weather and wind conditions at high altitude are good. Getting the route we ask for depends on the traffic and the attitude of air traffic controller,\" said an Air India pilot.Major air routes - Europe-south Asia, Middle East-south Asia, North Africa-Far East, Middle East-Australia and Asia-Africa - fall under the Chennai flight information region covering 6.63 lakh square nautical miles of air space over Chennai, Bangalore and parts of Kerala. Most of these routes are 4,000-5 ,000 nautical miles long. A preliminary trial conducted recently comparing flight plans and actual routes flown shows that airlines could save 730kg fuel and seven minutes per aircraft on Gulf-Australia , Asia-South Africa and Africa-Asia routes.A majority of the pilots who fly over southern airspace said they were increasingly asking air traffic control for the highest altitude to be able to fly faster to their destination. With no traffic around, aircraft touch speeds of more than 1,000 km per hour.\"After takeoff, some pilots flying to Kuala Lumpur from Chennai sometimes prefer to fly close to Colombo while others prefer to fly by Port Blair to save time and fuel. We allow them to select a deviation depending on the traffic,\" said an air traffic controller at Chennai.Airlines are reeling under heavy fuel costs, which have also increased the share of fuel in the total operating cost of flights. Taking note of the trend, countries in the BOBASIO region have formed two partnerships \u2014 a traffic management coordination group and an Indian Ocean Strategic Partnership to Reduce Emissions (INSPIRE).\"The idea is to provide a seamless sky for flights as they cross the region. Automation of Chennai air traffic control and upper air space harmonization has allowed us to provide direct routes and high altitude for aircraft headed to southeast Asia from Europe,\" said V Somasundaram, board member , air navigation services, Airports Authority of India (AAI) at the BOBASIO meet in Chennai in April. Integration of ATC operations has led to uniform path for flights at high altitude on intercontinental routes, leading to better use of upper air space, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14251628", "title": "Three arrested for vehicle thefts", "text": "RAJKOT: Crime Branch officials busted a three-member gang of vehicle thieves and cracked 14 cases of vehicle theft on Monday night. Police also recovered 14 two-wheelers from them.Police identified the accused as Amit Khokhar (21), a resident of Mochinagar, Sajid Sota (22), a resident of Popatpara and Jaideep Mehta (24), a resident of Shrirampark.\"The trio was arrested during a vehicle checking drive. As they were riding pillion on a bike, we got suspicious about them and stopped them for questioning. When asked, they could not furnish any document of the vehicle they were driving. Upon interrogating them, they confessed that it was a stolen bike they were driving,\" a Crime Branch official said.Later, the trio confessed to their involvement in as many as 14 vehicle theft cases. After this, police seized 14 two-wheelers worth Rs 3 lakh, which the accused had kept in their hideout.\"While Sajid used to work in Hero Honda dealer's shop, Jaideep runs a garage on 150-feet Ring Road. Amit's father is an employee in Rajkot Municipal Corporation,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14252633", "title": "Rains may revive after 2 days: Met", "text": "After Sunday's downpour, Mumbaikars woke up to a dry Monday. No rainfall was recorded at the observation stations in Colaba and Santa Cruz. Met said it may not rain in the next couple of days as well. \"Generally, rain does not occur continuously. It tends to take a break and revive in a few days. The monsoon did not hit the city with strong winds. This is not rare,\" said N Y Apte of the regional meteorological centre.The northern limit of the monsoon continues to be Veraval, Navsari, Akola, Brahmapuri, Kanker, Keonjhargarh, Midnapore, Burdwan, Malda, Bagdogra and Gangtok. The Met said conditions were favourable for further advancement into the Arabian Sea, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh and remaining parts of Maharashtra during the next 23 days.On Monday, Colaba recorded a maximum of 32 degrees Celsius, with 83% humidity, and Santa Cruz 33 degrees Celsius, with 75% humidity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251653", "title": "Violent video games for kids cause concern: Experts", "text": "PUNE: Ratna B Shinde has run out of ideas of how to stop her nine-year-old from playing computer games. She has tried enrolling him for outdoor activities, but in vain. All Viraj wants to do is play one of those 'filmy maar-dhaar games', as she calls them.Many parents would echo Ratna's complaints. According to a survey conducted by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry India (Assocham) under its Social Development Foundation (SDF) across major cities like Pune, Delhi, Mumbai, Goa, Cochin, Chennai, Ahemdabad, Hyderabad, Indore, Patna, Chandigarh and Dehradun , over 75% of metropolitan kids between the age group of five to 17 years are exposed to violent video games leading to psychological and personal issues later on. Ratna is a working mother, and it is difficult for her to monitor her son's activities round the clock. Viraj, and many like him, take advantage of such situations at home and get hooked on to violent video games or online games. In the beginning it's just a means to passing the time till parents come back, and bit by bit the child gets drawn into such games. In many case, if the child is forcibly stopped from playing for long hours, s/he becomes restless and irritable.In the survey, it was observed that a majority (65%) of kids have a computer in their bedroom. This gives them easy access to the games, without the need to take permission from parents. Says Avdhoot Chandra, parent of a seven-year-old: \"Nowadays, kids are familiar with computers as many a time schools give assignments that require the internet. Also, schools begin computer classes quite early for kids. Hence, for them getting hooked onto online games is not unnatural. Also, since mostly both the parents are working, there's no one at home to monitor them.\" Ratna adds: \"Viraj knows that he doesn't need my permission for switching on the computer. He just might need it for his assignments, so I can't really stop him.\"But, shouldn't parents take some kind of a precaution? Prerna Gore, mother of a pre-teen, says, \"Earlier, I was very ignorant of the kind of video games Sudhanshu used to play. My friend counselled me to keep a watch. Now, I am extra careful when buying him game DVDs. I keep track of the games that kids should not be playing.\"Does being careful help? Avdhoot doesn't think so. \"It's difficult for us parents. We can't always be there. And, the internet has made downloading and playing such games so much easier. Moreover, I may stop my child from playing, but he will interact with 10 friends, out of whom six might be playing. My child, too, would be influenced to play, and then if he is not allowed, it would lead to more friction at the home front. It's a no-win situation,\" says he.D S Rawat, secretary general of Assocham, in a statement, says, \"Exposed to violence, children lose their emotional impact and are much easier to engage in violence.\"B K Rao, chairman, Assocham health committee, adds in the statement that this will lead to compulsive behaviour, loss of interest in other activities and association mainly with other addicts. \"Young children have difficulty in distinguishing reality from fantasy, which makes them more vulnerable to the effects of media violence. They may become more aggressive and fearful if they are exposed to high levels of violence in video games,\" he said.Child psychologist Seema Darode says, \"Children observe every small detail. And, these kinds of violent games make a deep impression on young minds. I often come across children who are so affected by these games that even their body language changes. They keep imitating the actions that they see on these videos. And, this will definitely affect them in the long run.\"Secondary school teacher Ramona Saklani says, \"Kids, be it teens or pre-teens, are getting more and more into these games. Most of these games are nothing but a 'hero' going on a killing spree. And, mostly it is the boys who indulge in these games than girls. To boys, it comes across as something macho.\"Saklani goes on to add how in many countries abroad studies are conducted to gauge the negative influence of such games. \"In fact, I read somewhere that places like California have banned violent video games as it encourages aggressive behaviour in kids in schools,\" Saklani adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252670", "title": "Students create ruckus at Board Office", "text": "BHOPAL: A group of students created ruckus at the Board Office on Monday demanding that their withheld results be declared. They also demanded that the rules pertaining to cheating be restored to the ones, which were prevalent during the tenure of the previous chairman.On Monday, around 100 students from CBS Convent Higher Secondary School, Gwalior exam centre reached the Board office along with the school principal and demanded to meet the Board chairman M K Rai. Instead they were directed to the exam controller Devendra Solanki.Solanki showed the answer sheets of the students concerned, who then were tongue tied for a while. But later they demanded that the Board should restore the previous rules for mass copying that were prevalent in the era of the then chairman Rakesh Bansal.Secretary of the board Kedar Sharma said, \"During the evaluation, the results are cancelled where cases of mass copying are ascertained. Any centre, which is found guilty of such mass copying, would have its centre-in-charge as well as others penalised.\"Results of 500 students from the CBS Convent Higher Secondary School, Gwalior exam centre were withheld on grounds of mass copying in the social science subject, according to the board sources. Three schools were under this exam centre.The students demanded that the old rules should be followed whereby 40% marks of that subject were deducted and the student was evaluated on the remaining 60% marks. This was a boon in disguise for the students. In fact according to the board sources, this had led to a rise in the mass copying cases mostly in Gwalior, Rewa and Indore divisions.The current rules state that any exam centre with more than 10 answer sheets are found to have similar answers, would come under the purview of mass copying. In such matters, the decision of the exam committee would be final. The examination committee had taken the decision of rejecting the results of students in such cases three months prior to the board exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251748", "title": "Ex-BHU head appointed vice-chancellorof Devi Ahilaya varsity", "text": "INDORE: The wait for the vice chancellor at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) is over finally. Governor Ramnaresh Yadav appointed Professor D P Singh as the new vice-chancellor of the varsity. Prof Singh has been appointed for a period of four years.While talking to ToI, Prof Singh confirmed his appointment and said, \"I will soon be joining the new assignment given to me and discuss the plans for the varsity.\"He is currently the head, HSE division, Central Institute of Vocational Education, NCERT, Bhopal. Prof Singh had been the 24th vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) as well as Dr Hari Singh Gour University, Sagar.He has more than 30 years of professional experience in different aspects of management and administration, teaching and training and research and development. He has contributed substantially in the fields of environmental science, vocational education and value-based education.Varsity insiders are considering this as an unusual appointment as the last date of appointment for the vice-chancellor expired on June 6 and there is no provision in the Act for such appointment. \"There are rumours that the committee had not given the list of names to the governor for the appointment. Singh's name is altogether different from the speculations,\" said a varsity sources.Sources said that the new vice-chancellor will have to face major challenges that have brought down the image of varsity in past few years. Exam-related problems and derailed semester system and varsity administration would be the challenging tasks for him to handle. Bureaucratic pressure, taming the employees' unions functioning with in and outside the varsity will also be major issues that he has to tackle apart from the varsity administration.However, when asked about the plans and priorities, the new VC said, \"It will be too early to comment on the issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14255302", "title": "Romancing the Royal City", "text": "MYSORE: Blessed is the man who lives in Mysore, says Stephen Farrell from England, whose love for heritage and tradition made him to quit his corporate job in the UK and make the Palace City his home.Stephen from Yorkshire fell in love with the land of palaces and monuments after a life changing journey to India a few years ago. He was ready to give up anything to live in this culturally vibrant and bewitchingly beautiful city.\"There is a perfect blend of tradition and westernization here. Unlike other cities, there is a human approach towards everything. Life here is not too busy here. Positive and open minded people make life much easier,\" 55-year-old Stephen says. Stephen, who made Mysore his home three years ago, was always fond of India's diverse culture. His dream came true when he was in his mid-40s and that was the turning point. He quit his job as a business consultant for top MNCs like Cisco, Oracle and Indian firm TCS. A Christian by birth, Stephen celebrates all Hindu festivals like deepavali, dasara, Ganesh chaturthi and has a small pooja room in his house.Divorced from his wife Liz a few years ago, Stephen has two sons. They visit him once in a year. Stephen also takes classes on management and leadership in colleges in Mysore and visits the UK as a freelance consultant thrice a year.Good samaritanTo help driver Vasanth, whom he befriended during his stay here, Farrell bought an autorickshaw \"Fare's fair\".True to its name, it offers fair service to those visiting the place. To promote cycling as an effective way to stay fit, he also organizes cycle tour to foreigners. He takes them to every nook and corner of Mysore.\"Mysore is best seen by visiting narrow lanes and market places,\" he adds.He also intends to create awareness on waste management with the help of the Mysore City Corporation. \"Mysoreans must grow responsibly without damaging the heritage and greenery,\" says Stephen, who dreams of living in the city till his last breath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251772", "title": "2 suicides reported in last 24 hours in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Two persons, including a pregnant woman, reportedly committed suicide in two separate incidents in the last 24 hours.In the first incident, Bhuribai, 30, wife of Sitaram, committed suicide by hanging herself in her house on Sunday night. She was a resident of Ravidas Nagar under Lasudia police jurisdiction. Bhuribai was married around a year ago and was four-month pregnant, said police.According to the police, the incident came to light when the victim's family members returned after attending a marriage ceremony and found her hanging in her room. She was rushed to MY Hospital where she was declared brought dead. The police have sent the body for autopsy.Police did not found any suicide note and reason behind the suicide is yet to be ascertained.In another incident, Madan Singh Chauhan, 45, reportedly hanged himself in his house in Sadar Bazaar area on Monday afternoon. He was a contractor by profession and a resident of Neelkanth Colony.Police said the incident took place at around 1 pm when the deceased's family members were not in home. The police did not find any suicide note and the reason behind the suicide is still not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251777", "title": "Shiv Sena scraps post of Pune unit chief", "text": "PUNE: The Shiv Sena will function without a city unit chief since party executive president Uddhav Thackeray has decided to scrap the post, said party MLC and Pune liaison chief Neelam Gorhe.When asked by reporters on Monday as to why the post of the city unit chief was vacant, Gorhe said, \"We have already cleared our stand on the issue. The Sena unit in Mumbai does not have a city chief. Henceforth, Pune will also function without this post. Uddhav Thackeray is not willing to continue this post in Pune and I agree with him.\"Interestingly, Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has created two posts of city unit chiefs and divided the responsibilities.Several party workers, including former Shiv Sena city unit chief Nana Wadekar, had resigned ahead of the February 2012 civic elections owing to Gorhe's alleged \"high-handedness\". Since then the post of the city unit chief has been lying vacant.In the municipal polls, 10 of the sitting Sena corporators in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) were shown the door by voters. The party, which had contested as many as 57 seats, managed to wrest just 16 seats, four less as compared to the 2007 tally of 20.Since then the party has been keeping a low profile in the city. It is absent from most of the agitations by various political parties. Recently, when suspended Congress MP Suresh Kalmadi came to the PMC to attend a function, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the MNS launched a severe agitation and staged a dharna. However, the Sena kept away from the protests.\"We have our priorities. It is not necessary that we will participate in each and every agitation with the BJP. We didn't think that it was necessary to oppose Kalmadi's entry in the PMC. We have already held agitations against him,\" said Gorhe.Meanwhile, she demanded that the PMC take consistent action against female infanticide and draft a programme for the same. She also demanded that the Maharashtra government take strict action to stop foetus killing.Speaking about the deaths of warkaris who were crushed under a tanker, Gorhe said the state government should set up trauma centres after every 20 km on highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14251587", "title": "M S University student nominated for Azerbaijan fest", "text": "VADODARA: A master's student from M S University's Faculty of Performing Arts has been nominated to participate in the first International Youth Congress and festival 'Great Silk Way', which will be held in Baku in the Republic of Azerbaijan .Dhaval Parmar has been nominated by Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of Government of India's Department of Youth Affairs for the cultural programme that will be held between June 26 and June 30.Parmar said, \"I will present classical vocal, garba, sufi and 'doha and chhand' performances during the programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251107", "title": "'Implementation of high security registration plate between August 15-30'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has not filed any affidavit before the Supreme Court assuring implementation of high security registration plate (HSRP) by June 30 as charged by the All-Goa Private Bus Owners' Association (AGPBOA), transport director Arun Desai said on Monday.Reiterating chief minister Manohar Parrikar's recent claim that Goa will indeed be in violation of the Supreme Court if it does not implement HSRP by June 30, Desai said his department is making all efforts to implement the same in Goa at the earliest.Desai accused the AGPBOA of trying to mislead people on the HSRP. \"Their most valid reason for opposing the HSRP was its high cost. That reason is no longer valid. Now they are raising doubts about the quality of the HSRP because their prices are lower. Both the companies we have shortlisted have \"type approval\" certificates from the Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), an agency of the government of India. They have to comply with the standards of ARAI,\" Desai said.Desai also dismissed the claim of the tourist taxi owners who have said that they have to paint their taxis every two years and will therefore change the HSRP and consequently incur costs every time. \"They are fooling the people. They can cover up the HSRP properly before painting their cars. People should refrain from falling prey to their false propaganda,\" Desai said.Reacting to the charge that HSRP do not have electronic chips, the transport director also clarified that Rule 50 of the Central Motor Vehicle Act does not mandate such a chip.The transport director clarified that the department will need between six to eight weeks to finalize the concessionaire for implementing the HSRP in Goa. He said that eight other states in India have already started. These include West Bengal, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and others. \"I think we can start HSRP between August 15{+t}{+h} and 30{+t}{+h},\" Desai said.Asked if the Supreme Court will not pull up the government for missing the June 30 deadline, Desai said the apex court is monitoring the implementation in all states and that considering the progress made by Goa, the court will understand. He said he could file an affidavit before the Supreme Court if required.When asked if the rates for the HSRP in Goa were finalized, Desai said they were not and that the government would call both the bidding companies for further negotiations. The two companies which bid for the HSRP contract in Goa are Celex India Pvt Ltd and Utsav Technology. The prices quoted by Utsav and Celex in that order are; two-wheelers 242 (Utsav) and 244 (Celex); scooter 230 and 246; three-wheeler 270 and 300; four-wheelers and passenger cars 415 and 431 and six-wheelers 463 and 446.Desai said depending on the final rates, the state government has the option of taking two companies to implement HSRP like in West Bengal.Asked about the 7,500 citizens who have already installed HSRP for their vehicles, Desai said they need not install new HSRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14253715", "title": "Builder shot at for rescue act", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pushing the crime envelope in the city to a new low, two men opened fire at a builder on Monday evening at Charkhamba Road when he tried to rescue his friends from being troubled by them. Two bullets hit the builder, Model Town-resident Jagdeep Singh Chahal, on his thigh. He is admitted in a hospital in Model Town where his condition was said to be stable.The victim's brother-in-law Jasjot Singh said Jagdeep, 35, was on his way home on Monday evening when he spotted a couple he knew being troubled by some men on Charkhamba Road. \"Jagdeep noticed that the men were intoxicated so he stepped out from his car and confronted the miscreants, asking them why they were disturbing the couple. This led to a heated discussion and the accused asked Jagdeep why he was interfering. Jagdeep told them that he is being a good neighbour and helping his friends. At this one of the miscreants shot at Jagdeep, hurting him on his thigh,\" said Jasjot. He added that the couple who were being rescued and some shopkeepers in the area rushed Jagdeep to a hospital.ADCP, zone 2, Bhupinder Singh Sidhu said they are investigating the matter and will register a case after verifying it. He added that they will take strict action against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14253696", "title": "Kin want cops to find pregnant woman, child", "text": "GURGAON: A pregnant woman and her one- and-half-year-old child have allegedly been abducted by a youth and have been missing since May 2.The missing woman who is four months pregnant, Suman Verma, a resident of Krishna Colony, Gurgaon, is the mother of two children (Manish, 6, and one-and-a-half-year-old Pammi) and lived with her husband, Shiv Prakash Verma, who was a teacher at a primary school in Vasant Kunj. Her sister-in-law, Sunita Verma, who is the vice-chairman of the district council, Mahendragarh, has warned that if police fail to arrest the accused and find her brother's wife along with the child, they will start protesting in front of the office of the police commissioner from June 25.Shiv had lodged a missing report with Sector 10A police. Police had called it a case of a love affair and said the woman had probably run away with someone, but due to pressure from the victim's family, they lodged an FIR on May 21, against the accused, Vivek Sharma. However, no headway has been made in the case so far.During the investigation of the call detail report of Suman, police found that she had been going to S V multi-specialist clinic since March 2012 and was in touch with the 19-year-old compounder of the clinic, Vivek Sharma. Vivek, a resident of Teha village in Sonipat, has also been missing since May 2, the same day when Suman went missing.On May 2, Suman was going to her maternal home in Alwar, Rajashtan with her son, Pammi, but did not reach Alwar. The family suspects that the accused might have murdered the woman and her child to steal her jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250235", "title": "\u2018Companion\u2019 attacks woman with knife", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 22-year-old woman suffered severe injuries on her face when an unidentified assailant attacked her with a knife at KPHB Colony on Monday.The victim, Anupama, of Phase III in KPHB is an office assistant at Tata Business Support Service Limited at Kukatpally. At 8.30 pm, an assailant attacked Anupama with a knife in street No 3 of Phase III, KPHB colony, while she was walking home. Anupama suffered severe injuries on her face and scalp in the attack. Locals rushed her to a nearby private hospital and alerted the cops. Police said that Anupama suffered severe injuries.According to police, Anupama was joined by the assailant while she was going home. They walked together for some distance and when they reached RR Chicken centre in Phase III, an argument broke out between the two.In a fit of rage, the assailant pulled out a knife from his pocket and attacked Anupama. Immediately after the attack, the accused fled, police said.\"Locals are saying that it was just one person but we do not know exactly how many people were involved in the attack and where Anupama was coming from. All police stations and patrolling teams have been alerted about the incident and we have launched a manhunt to nab the offender,\" Kukatpally ACP M Malla Reddy said. An attempt to murder case was booked under section 307 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14253428", "title": "YS Patil takes charge as Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation commissioner", "text": "HUBLI: KAS officer Y S Patil assumed office as commissioner of Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) here on Monday, following the transfer of K V Trilok Chandra. Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain handed over the charge to Patil.Speaking to reporters Patil said that his first preference will be to maintain cleanliness in the twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad and make them spic and span like the city of Mysore.Also on his priority list are extending 24x7 water supply to all wards, enforcing a law to ban on the use of low quality plastic, effective handling of solid waste and completing the ongoing UGD work with great speed.Assurance to pourakarmikasMeanwhile pourkarmikas staged a protest in Shubli and Dharwad with their various demands on Monday. The new commissioner assured them that he will discuss their problems with the DC, mayor, corporaters and other authorities and come out with redressal measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14249730", "title": "Central Railway clerk foils robbery in Kalyan", "text": "KALYAN: A 32-year-old clerk with the Central Railway foiled a robbery attempt at Kalyan railway station's ticket booking office and managed to nab one of the knife-wielding attackers late on Sunday.The clerk, Swapnil Patil, along with his colleagues, was on duty at the ticket counter when two robbers entered the office and started threatening the staff. While they were trying to flee with Rs 50,000, Patil caught hold of one of the accused, Subhash Mane (29), with the help of other staff members and commuters. The other accused, Pramod Tambe (22), managed to flee the scene, but was arrested later by the Kolsewadi police after a two-hour search.\"Mane is a Bhandup resident while Tambe stays in Kalyan. He has three cases registered against him in Kolsewadi police station,\" Jagdish Lohankar, senior police inspector of Kolsewadi police station said.\"Tambe wanted to rent a house and needed money to pay the deposit. Hence, he planned the robbery along with Mane,\" he added.The incident raises questions over the security system at Kalyan railway station station as it was the second robbery attempt at this station. On April 23, a 54-year-old cashier, Rajendra Sharma, at Kalyan railway station foiled a robbery attempt at the ticket booking office despite being attacked with an iron rod and prevented the miscreants from escaping with Rs 70 lakh. Sharma is the brother of Sushil Sharma, who was killed in the 26/11 terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255726", "title": "Power bills set to rise for 6 months", "text": "MUMBAI: Electricity bills of more than 1.5 crore consumers in the state, including 25 lakh in the city's north-central suburbs and the rest of the metropolitan region, are set to go up for the next six months. While residential consumers will face a tariff hike of 22-68 paise per unit, for commercial consumers the hike would be between 39-76 paise per unit. In the industrial sector, the hike will be up to 49 paise per unit, and for agriculture consumers it would be 10-21 paise per unit.The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Monday approved the state electricity distribution company's petition to recover Rs 1,483 crore from consumers against the hike in fuel adjustment charges (FAC) due to fluctuations in coal, oil and gas prices over the years.Power firms can collect up to 10% FAC above tariff. Beyond that, the MERC's permission is needed to avoid sudden hikes. This cost accumulates and burdens consumers later.FAC cap hike likely:The present 10% cap on fuel adjustment charges may also be enhanced. On Monday, the MERC admitted that this cap was not enough to meet power generation costs, which have gone up 38% in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253908", "title": "Apex court stays Rajasthan Judicial Services main exam", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Judicial Services (RJS) main examination, which was scheduled to be held on June 30, was stayed by the Supreme Court on Monday. The stay was granted on the basis of some candidates' plea that there were serious errors in the preliminary examination held last year.The petitioners challenged the Rajasthan High Court verdict by which it accepted the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC) proposal that it would revise the results of the preliminary exams before the June 30 main exam.\"Some of the learned counsel for the petitioners pointed out that there are serious deficiencies in the examination which was conducted by the RPSC for RJS. It appears that the high court has tried to find out via media, but prima facie we feel that such an exercise was not permissible considering the serious deficiencies which were found in the examination,\" observed the apex court's vacation bench of Justice HL Gokhale and Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai.The division bench issued notice to Rajasthan government and others over the alleged inaccuracies in the preliminary exam that was held by RPSC on December 21, 2011. The examination, which was being held for selection of civil judges (junior division), was challenged by candidates Kalu Ram Gurjar and others who appeared in the December 2011 preliminary exam.The candidates alleged there were factual inaccuracies in the question paper. The petition said there were some questions with multiple choice answers but some questions had no correct answer among the options. The answers to some of the questions were wrong resulting in the faulty evaluation, the candidates alleged.Following the objections, the RPSC, on its own, deleted 14 questions and changed the option to 11 questions, the apex court bench was told. Appearing for the petitioner, counsel Sushil Kumar Jain told the bench that the examination conducted by the RPSC had become a farce and could not be held valid.The RPSC on May 28 announced the revised results declaring that 297 candidates who were earlier found eligible to appear in the main exam would not be allowed to do so. The petition said that the high court order because of which 297 examinees were declared ineligible without being heard should be quashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14252463", "title": "Smuggler profiling at Karipur airport points to rural Kasaragod", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The customs officials of the Karipur International Airport are facing a unique challenge from Kasaragod. People from three villages of the district have been behind majority of the attempts to smuggle contraband through the airport, which was foiled by the customs last year.From illegal import of cigarettes and saffron to occasional attempts to sneak in electronics and cloth material in commercial quantities, smugglers from the villages of Chattanchal, Pallikkara and Bandichal have been involved in majority of the total 85 seizures made at the airport in 2011.Customs and Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials say the presence of huge expatriate population from the district in the Gulf along with easy access to markets in Mumbai and Mangalore has been sustaining the smuggling rackets in these villages.\"Most of them don't consider it as a serious crime. They consider it as a trading activity, which people in those areas have been doing even before Independence. Also they have managed to establish connections in the UAE and other Gulf countries and have a support infrastructure to trade the smuggled goods back home,\" said Joannes George, assistant commissioner, customs.Customs officials said the role played by people from the three villages emerged when the officials intensified their action against illegal cigarette rackets operating through the airport. Illegal cigarette smuggling made up for around two- thirds of the total seizures made at the airport.\"We know the repeat offenders by their looks and have been profiling them. Likewise they have been devising new ways to conceal contraband, trying their luck with new recruits and even occasionally shifted their operations to Chennai airport,\" George said.Customs officials say that since the value of smuggled goods through personal baggage normally values less than Rs 5 lakh, the violators are let off after they are fined and their goods confiscated.Officials say those involved in smuggling from the villages of Kasaragod have a distinct profile.\"Most of them are not well-educated and come from a lower socio- economical strata. However, they would have numerous visit visa stampings in their passport and often sport frequent flier status of airlines. They would stay in the Gulf for just one or two days. Each visit is made for the sole purpose of flying back with contraband,\" an official with the DRI said.This distinct profile often helps officials to identify the smugglers. \"We have seen many repeat violators who upon seizure would bluntly say that they will have to undertake 4-5 visits to Dubai again just to recoup the fine and value of the confiscated goods,\" an official said.DRI officials said that smugglers however have limited their activity to only tradable items like electronics, cigarettes and cloth and have not gone for lethal and dangerous goods like drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255178", "title": "Probe ordered into woman Maoist's suicide attempt", "text": "PATNA: IG (prisons) has ordered a probe into the suicide bid by a woman Maoist prisoner lodged in Sitamarhi district prison.The prisoner, Shivani, had suffered minor burn injury on June 16 after attempting suicide. She alleged that jail superintendent Umesh Prasad Singh had outraged her modesty. IG (prisons) Anand Kishore has asked the Sitamarhi DM to hold a probe into the matter and submit his report at the earliest.Kishore said Shivani had poured kerosene oil on her body before setting herself afire, but was saved by jail guards who immediately covered her with a blanket. She was treated at the jail hospital for minor burns on her hands. \"She accused the jail superintendent of outraging her modesty, a charge that was denied by the official. But if the probe finds him guilty, stern action would be taken against him,\" said Kishore.When contacted, jail superintendent Singh strongly denied the charge. He said, \"A piece of paper on the floor of the women cell somehow caught fire. When Shivani tried to douse it, she received minor burn injury on her hands. Investigations will reveal the truth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252138", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad protests course fee hike at BYK College", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) agitated in front of BYK College on Monday and demanded that the marksheets of students of BBA (Bachelor of Business Administration) be given by the college. Though results were declared on May 11, marksheets were allegedly withheld due to non-payment of fees.The principal finally agreed to release the results after students agreed to pay the fees.Principal of the college, Dhanesh Kalal, said till the last academic year, the state used to give freeships/scholarships to the students belonging to SC, ST, NT, and OBC categories. \"We have not done anything against the norms. The state took the decision to include BBA, BCA and BBM in Z category courses in November and instructed colleges offering these courses that fees be charged from everyone except the SC and ST candidates. This was informed by the state government through the Internet as well. Because it was included in the Z category, while scrutinizing the forms of the students online, the scholarship amount showed zero.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14256189", "title": "Who inaugurated Soudha? Nobody knows", "text": "BANGALORE: The inauguration of Vidhana Soudha may have been one of the high points of Karnataka's history, but there are no records available with the state government as to when or how the much-celebrated feat was pulled off.While it is a known fact that then CM Kengal Hanumanthaiah was instrumental in the construction of Vidhana Soudha, there are no records on when or who inaugurated it. Now, the information department has decided to approach historians to find out so that a granite plaque can be installed.Even the three living MLAs have no clue about this significant piece of history. \"I can't remember. But I know Hanumanthaiah, who was the architect of Vidhana Soudha, did not get opportunity to open it. Vidhana Soudha was dedicated during the period of Kadidal Manjappa,\" said U Mudappa, MLA who represented Chamarajnagar in 1952.But the state archives and information department have details prior to the event, including laying of the foundation by then PM Jawaharlal Nehru on July 13, 1951.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254629", "title": "Poverty eradication key challenge at Rio summit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should the world commit, even if notionally, to eradicate 'poverty' or only 'extreme poverty'? Or, should countries agree to 'right to food' for their people? Negotiating the final declaration of the Rio summit, the US wants to own up to responsibility of eradicating only 'extreme poverty', and not agree to absolute 'right to food' for people across the globe.The Rio declaration, where more than 300 paragraphs are being negotiated among the 180 plus countries, has become a contentious document since the developed countries, facing an economic slowdown at domestic levels, are trying hard to wriggle out of their existing responsibilities.Observers noted that each phrase does make a difference on the level of responsibility the developed world has to share to ensure even economic development across the world. Agreeing to 'poverty eradication' would imply that the West would have to be mindful of not just improving the lot of the people in the poorest parts of the world, but also of the poor in emerging economies.The draft declaration says, \"Eradicating poverty is the greatest global challenge facing the world today and an indispensable requirement for sustainable development. In this regard, we are committed to free humanity from poverty and hunger as a matter of urgency.\"But the US demanded that the declaration ought to mention that \"we are committed to free humanity from extreme poverty...\".Reporting from the conference, the Third World Network, a Southern think tank, noted that \"the US said it did not have the flexibility to accept this right (to food)\".The G77 countries rebutted that the right to food was a globally accepted term and had been used frequently earlier as well.But these are some of the phrases in the draft declaration, \"The Future We Want\" that could get resolved as the negotiations in Rio are ratcheted up to the political leadership, with nations settling for 'compromise' language. But, larger battles over use of principles like common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) are expected to go down to the wire.The principle was agreed 20 years ago. But with CBDR becoming the biggest bone of contention in the climate change negotiations, the developed countries have pushed hard to water it down at the Rio summit. The Rio principles form the large framework under which the other international environmental negotiations take place. Consequently, diluting the principles, under the Rio framework, also ensures that the wind is taken out of the developing countries' sail at the climate talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252232", "title": "Himachal Pradesh says no to power supply", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another set back to the power starved UP, the Himachal Pradesh government has decided not to provide power until the state clears its pending dues. UP has been taking power from Himachal from time to time as per the need. Himachal chief secretary Sudripta Roy said that UP was asked to pay the pending amount due since last one and half years, but authorities there said they will see. \"Our policy is clear now. Unless Rs 200 crore is paid, no request for power supply from UP will be entertained,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250134", "title": "Standing panel likely to scrap two big contracts", "text": "NAGPUR: The standing committee is likely to scrap two big contracts, in probably the first such action in recent history of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). One of the private companies may also be blacklisted if the proposal is considered favourably.The standing committee has convened a meeting on June 21. The agenda for the meeting was issued on Monday. Three proposals will be discussed at the meeting. Two proposals relate to scrapping of contracts with private companies. One proposal is related to plantation and their maintenance for one year on both sides of main roads.According to the agenda, contractor Rohit Patil was given work at a cost of Rs 29.87 lakh. \"The contractor left the work half way and also failed to maintain saplings planted on the roads. The contractor is not doing the work despite repeated reminders. The contract should be scrapped and name of the contractor be placed in blacklist,\" the garden department has proposed.Similarly, the electric department has proposed to scrap the contract of rejuvenation of 17,599 street light poles. \"Work was awarded to Ernakulum-based NM Enterprises on BOT basis. The company not only failed to follow terms and conditions of the contract but did not begin work as per schedule. The contract should be scrapped and fresh tender should be issued. Meanwhile, the existing maintenance contractors of street light poles should be allotted the work to maintain these 17,599 street light poles,\" the department requested.The third proposal relates to permission for inviting fresh tenders to deploy hired vehicles for the office bearers and officials. The proposal may face rough weather, since the opposition group leaders are up in arms against the ruling party for illegally providing vehicles to office bearers, especially chairpersons of six consultative committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263771", "title": "Gurinder Chadha to shoot next film after image makeover", "text": "Gurinder Chadha , who became the proud mother of twins in June 2007, has not only been busy tending to her babies but has also managed to throw in a weight loss of close to 25 kg. What's more, she is all set to begin shooting her next, a film on partition, in Delhi-Jodhpur in October this year.The film revolves round Lord Mountbatten, and Colin Firth or Michael Fassbender are being considered for the role. The Bend it like Beckham director is keen on Saif Ali Khan as Jawaharlal Nehru , and has already spoken to Naseeruddin Shah , who is game to play Jinnah.Chadha said excitedly, \"This is my biggest challenge till date. I've been working on my partition film for some time now. The central character is Mountbatten. The movie is set in January 1947, when Mountbatten was asked to oversee India, and it ends in August 1947 so it's a brief time span. But it's a huge canvas requiring loads of research and scores of characters. I've spoken to some people including Naseer and Saif. Nehru's role is a cameo, so I wonder if Saif will be willing to do it. And yes, I want my Bhaji on the Beach actress Zohra Sehgal to be part of the film.\"While Chadha has acquired the necessary permissions to shoot everywhere in India, including Rashtrapati Bhavan, she doesn't have to shoot in Pakistan at all. \"This will be my ultimate dream project and I can't wait for it to take off,\" she said.The reason behind kick-starting the project in October, in Chadha's own words, is, \"The wife of the author of the book on which my partition film is based is heavily into astrology. She says October is a good time to start.\"As of now, a visibly lighter Chadha is gearing up for the 300-yard run from Blackpool to Manchester, where nearly 8,000 people will gather to cheer her on. Asked about her last visit to Mumbai on the occasion of her dear friend Karan Johar's 40th birthday party, she simply chuckled, \"No one saw me slip in and slip out, probably because there was so much less of me now to see.\" We do agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam/warangal", "code": "14250840", "title": "Dharmana Prasada Rao\u2019s son quizzed in liquor scam case", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM/WARANGAL: Roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Ram Manohar Naidu was on Monday grilled for almost five-and-a-half hours by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths probing his alleged involvement in the liquor racket in Srikakulam district. He was interrogated in the presence of two advocates who were accompanying him.Sources claim that Naidu received Rs 1.02 lakh in cash from the syndicate and it was this allegation which the ACB was investigating. Sources said ACB would also summon Prasada Rao's personal assistant Ravi Shankar, relative Chinni and YSR Congress leader and Narsannapeta MLA Krishna Das's aide, Sai, in connection with allegations of them having received bribes.The ACB would also interrogate seven syndicate members in Vizianagaram.Sources said that two others, including TDP MLA Velagapudi Ramakrishna Babu, allegedly received huge bribes from them.Speaking to reporters, Naidu categorically denied any involvement in the liquor business. \"I am only a granite businessman. I have answered all questions posed by ACB officials,\" he said.However, ACB DSP N Venkateswara Rao dismissed Naidu's contentions saying that they were in possession of evidence and key documents which would give a true picture. \"We will call him again for interrogation,\" he said.Earlier, liquor mafia leader Nunna Venkataramana deposed before ACB officials at Hanamkonda along with two other traders.The trio came to the ACB office at 11am and left for Khammam in separate vehicles after the conclusion of the interrogation session at around 2pm.According to sources, Mahabubabad MLA Malothu Kavitha, who is in the eye of a storm for her role in the liquor syndicate racket, is likely to depose before ACB officials in Hanamkonda on Tuesday.Venkataramana had alleged that he had offered bribes to the then excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana and some senior officials to bag liquor licences.Sources said that a ruling party MLA in Kurnool and some other syndicate members in Khammam have been questioned by ACB officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250082", "title": "State\u2019s firm no to new diploma in education colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: Miffed over sanctions being extended for new colleges offering diploma in education (DEd) courses despite state's objections, the state government has hardened its stand on the issue. It has decided not to recognize any new college sanctioned in future. \"Such colleges will not be provided affiliation to the State Council of Education Research and Training (SCERT),\" an official said.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan would convey this decision to Union human resource development ministry in the next few days, the source added. The government has justified its decision as one taken to retain the quality and standard of education, and curb unemployment among teachers.At present, there are about 1449 DEd colleges in the state, which churn out 90,000 teachers every year. With a capacity to accommodate only 3% of these teachers in government jobs, the state government has repeatedly asked the centre-run National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) not to sanction new colleges.However, sources said, the NCTE has continued granting sanctions without the state's consent. This has increase unemployment among teachers and has also impacted quality of education, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14254133", "title": "Gold for Punjab in rowing nationals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab's Armaan Sandhu, Navdeep Singh, Harvinder Singh Cheema, Gurveer Singh and Deepanshu Dhariwal won gold medal in the fist finals of sub junior boys coxed four event of the 15th Sub Juniors and 16th Challenger Sprint Nationals at Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu on June 17.In the sub junior boys' pairs, Navdeep Singh and Gurvir Singh of Punjab team finished third (1.59.88) in the finals-1. Tamil Nadu won eight medals (six golds, two silvers) and was cut above the rest in the competition conducted by the Tamil Nadu Amateur Rowing Association (TARA) on Saturday.Assam came in second with two golds. Tamil Nadu reached in the finals of nine of the 14 events in the competition. Meanwhile, Chandigarh drew a blank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254572", "title": "Residents petition collector for pattas", "text": "COIMBATORE: Around 20 residents of Kannasu Veethi colony at Neelikonampalayam submitted a memorandum to collector M Karunagaran on Monday demanding 'patta' for their lands. They said that though they were living there for the past 50 to 70 years, they are yet to get pattas for their land. The petitioners said that around 15 families live in the colony.N Manickyam who is 49 years old said that his father had bought the land 70 years ago. \"There are more than 200 people living here,\" he said. All of them live in a plot of land which is not more than 3 cents. The inhabitants are mostly daily wage labourers and painters.They say that though they are provided with water and electricity connections, their applications for patta have not been met. \"We have submitted the applications several times, to various officials. They promised to take action, but no concrete steps have been taken,\" said M Marimuthu another resident. Most members live in joint families. Since they don't have the patta, they fear that the land can easily be taken away from them in the name of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252639", "title": "Collection of e-waste hit as Bhopal Municipal Corporation, MP Pollution Control Board pass the buck", "text": "BHOPAL: E-waste Management and Handling Rules 2011 were implemented across the country from May 1 this year to deal with dumping of discarded and harmful waste. As things stand, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) doesn't seem to be following e-waste Management and Handling Rules 2011. The e-waste collection has not yet started at any of its five BMC-identified collection centres.The MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) has not yet given go-ahead to these centres, says Rajneesh Shrivastava, commissioner BMC.The BMC's five e-waste collection centres are at the BMC offices in Bhanpura, Anand Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Bagmugaliya and Gandhi Nagar areas of Bhopal.\"The pollution department has yet to approve the proposal for five centres. It is only after its approval we will be able to operate these centres for collecting e-waste,\" said health officer Shrivastava. The BMC is trying to pass the buck to the MPPCB by saying the civic body's responsibility end with collection of the e-waste and the board will do the rest, source said.\"We only have to collect the e-waste and hand it over to the pollution control board that will look after the management,\" the BMC commissioner told TOI. \"We have proposed five centres to the MPPCB last month. We are waiting for its approval,\" he added.However, requesting anonymity, senior officials at MPPCB said, \"It is not our responsibility to manage the waste. In fact, the e-waste will not be disposed. It will be recycled. The waste produced during recycling will be dumped near Pritampura near Indore. Material, including screen of computers, metal bodies, chips, pins, can be recycled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251308", "title": "Nirmala institute completes 50 years of holistic education", "text": "PANAJI: As it enters its golden jubilee year in the field of imparting training and knowledge to meet Goan educational requirements, Nirmala Institute of Education (NIE) has announced a number of projects and programmes to further its holistic education approach.Rita Paes, principal of the institute said \"Nirmala Institute is the gift that goes on giving. We believe that the institute has been a gift to the people of Goa.\"Narrating the history of the institute, Paes said \"soon after liberation, the need was felt for an institute to train teachers,\" while adding that the institute took up the challenge of training and nurturing teachers to shape and serve the new educational system that emerged after the liberation.\"The institute began operating with just two rooms and today has five buildings,\" she said.Denzil Martins, faculty member said that more emphasis was being given on assessing products instead of process skills by the present education system and this need to change.Gisele Lobo felt there was a need for resources rooms in educational institutions to cater to the needs of special children.The institute plans to work on educational excellence for heads of schools, educational assessment for school teachers, science competition for school students, developing responsible behaviour among the youth by using choice theory for schoolteachers and ICT in the classroom for school teachers. The institute also hopes to start a suicide helpline.Paes listed a leisure-cum-recreational center for special children which will provide facilities for the mentally challenged and autistic children of varying age groups as one of the future projects of the NIE. It will aim to foster inclusion where average children and children with disabilities interact with each other.NIE has trained approximately 5200 B.Ed teachers, 367 D.Ed teachers, 314 M.Ed teachers, 64 Special Ed. Teachers, 320 pre-school teachers and 120 counsellors.Among the newer courses started by NIE, are the B.Ed special education course, MA in education and B.Ed through IGNOU, postgraduate diploma in guidance and counselling and the Cambridge international diploma for teachers and trainers, she disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253256", "title": "Youth shot in E Delhi, cops suspect enmity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two murders were reported from separate areas of the city. In the first case, a 21-year-old youth was shot in the head by unidentified men on Sunday night. The incident was reported from Mayur Vihar area in east Delhi. The victim, Sameer Ahmed, lived in Trilokpuri with his parents. He had passed Class XII in 2010 and was trying for admission in DU.\"Sameer was on the ground floor around 9.15pm while his family was upstairs. Suddenly they heard a gunshot. Residents saw somebody running away, but cops are yet to trace him,'' said the investigating officer. \"We found a country-made pistol near the body. We have been told that the victim was trying to get a job with the police and paramilitary forces,'' said Prabhakar, DCP (east). Cops said it looked like a case of personal enmity. A murder case has been registered.Elsewhere, a 62-year-old man killed his son as he used to beat him to extract money for alcohol, cops said. Naresh Kumar, 25, was killed by his father, Sita Ram, around 12.15am on Monday. The incident was reported from Shalimar Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14257320", "title": "Cow memorial plan draws flak from Hindu radicals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The announcement to set up a cow memorial, in memory of butchered bulls, discovered in a factory, which fuelled communal clashes last week, has evoked strong discordant reactions from within BJP, a ruling alliance partner, besides Hindu radicals.Even as leaders from SAD and BJP in Punjab are falling over each other to take credit for the decision to erect a \"cow memorial\" at the factory site where carcasses of butchered cows were found in Joga, Mansa, the announcement has brought forth a conflict of opinion within the BJP. Hindu radicals, proponents of Arya Samaj, have slammed the government for trying to \"milk\" the situation for political gains.On Sunday, BJP leaders, led by party state president Aswhani Sharma, visited the site in Joga where the carcasses of cows were found. \"It is on our demand that Punjab CM has declared to build a Gau Samarak (memorial) and install a pratima (idol) of Gau Mata at the factory site,\" Sharma said.However, another senior BJP leader, Laxmikanta Chawla has slammed the state government move to raise a cow memorial. \"A memorial and an idol for cow is completely meaningless and a nonsensical idea. If the government is so committed to the cause of cows, then instead, a state-of-the-art cattle pound should be set up at the site, so that cows don't die of eating plastic waste,\" Chawla told The Times of India.Swami Agnivesh , of Arya Samaj, has also criticized the SAD-BJP idea of a cow memorial. \"This is not just unheard of, but is wastage of public money and mere politicization of the issue. A cow memorial is meaningless and does nothing to assuage the hurt sentiments,\" he said.However, the state government is keenly pursuing the project. After the BJP leaders, chief minister Badal will visit the place and officially announce the memorial. Scheduled to go on Monday, the CM had to postpone his visit to Tuesday as his chopper could not take off due to strong winds.Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Vijay Bhardwaj, who had earlier insisted on the memorial, is now criticizing the government for doing nothing for cows in the state. \"The state government announced a cow board with much fanfare a couple of years ago and it has turned out to be the most inefficient, toothless body. People expect something concrete for betterment of cows and will not be satisfied with mere cow memorials,\" said Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14254580", "title": "Tulu academy's website set to get a new look", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy's website (www.tuluacademy.org) which hitherto was available only in Kannada will shortly be made available in three languages - Kannada, Tulu and English. While the Kannada version is up and running, work is on to convert the same matter into Tulu and English so that it reaches out to a larger section of the society, including Tulu speakers settled worldwide.Recognizing the fact that changes cannot be easily incorporated in a static website, Umanath A Kotian, the president of the academy entrusted the task of redesigning and revamping it to Aksharodyama, a local website content developer.According to AG Ramachandra, the project manager, Aksharodyama that process of readying the text in English and Tulu had already started. \"Details of the academy members and presidents since its inception in 1994, awards and various reports, publications and such other information that will help a lover of the language will be made available,\" he noted.An online polling on issues and concerns of the academy and the language is another feature that is mooted to be incorporated. Umanath said the academy had plans to provide live streaming of its chavadi activities and hosting good quality pictures and videos of its programmes. \"We are working on the project keeping these aspects in mind as well,\" Ramachandra said.Anyone wanting to get a feel of the Tulu script can click on the Tulu alphabets link on the home page or try out various links for variety of information.Chandrahas Rai B, registrar of the academy said the president was keen to ensure that the revamped website, which was formally launched at an academy function here on Saturday, was completed at the earliest. \"It takes a lot of time to translate and type the data and the content developers are at it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255727", "title": "Independent consultant for Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) will appoint an independent consultant to carry out 'heritage impact assessment' of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) makeover project. CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"A communication has been received from Unesco , asking us to conduct such a study through an independent consultant. We will soon appoint a consultant having expertise in the field of heritage conservation.\"The International Council on Monuments and Sites (Icomos ), adviser to Unesco's World Heritage Committee, has already disapproved the CR's request seeking reduction of buffer zone of 22.5 hectares out of the total 90.21. The exclusion of this portion of land, situated in Carnac Bunder , from the buffer zone is crucial to fund the Rs 3,000-crore makeover project. CR was planning to commercially exploit the freed-up land to generate funds for the project under the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model.A senior official said, \"Unesco probably feels that the French consultant who prepared the design for the project won't be able to give an objective assessment on the impact on heritage. Hence, they have asked us to appoint an independent consultant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14250312", "title": "Party workers manhandle BSP state chief", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Disgruntled party activists manhandled state president of Bahujan Samaj Party Vilas Garud and other state office-bearers during party workers meet here on Sunday evening. Party workers were enraged over the dismissal of district governing committee of the party in Chandrapur.Vilas Garud along with state secretary Harish Vilhekar and state vice-president Krishna Bele were here on Sunday for party workers meet organized at Shinde hall in Bangali Camp locality. Discontent was brewing among some senior party workers who were displeased with the dismissal of party's district governing body. Party workers raised the issue as the meet began in evening, but Garud reportedly failed to satisfy the activists.As Garud began his address, pandemonium broke out. Disgruntled activists started shouting slogans against Garud and demanded explanation over dismissal of the district body. A group of party workers scaled the dais and pushed and shoved Garud. He jumped down the dais to escape and some faithful activists covered him. Enraged party workers threw chairs here and there. A bicycle was hurled over the group protecting Garud. Entire set-up on the dais was ransacked and attendees of programme ran helter-skelter.The mayhem lasted for around half an hour. Ramnagar police rushed to the spot on getting information and rescued Garud and his subordinates. Party activists claimed that even as former district body had managed to open its account in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation; still it was replaced by new people. Several party workers from across the district had come to the party meet to express their displeasure, but they were not allowed to speak, which resulted in outburst of their anger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250468", "title": "No glitches in engineering re-exam", "text": "MUMBAI: The third and final re-exam for first-year engineering students was finally held on Monday. The re-exam for Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering (BEEE) went off smoothly across 61 exam centres. A total of 17,000 students appeared for the paper.Colleges got the password to download the paper well in advance. \"Fewer candidates took the exam today as it was only meant for the first- semester ATKT (allowed to keep term) students,\" said a college principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "14253162", "title": "Woman cadre killed in gunbattle", "text": "ROURKELA: Sundergarh police had a nearly two-hour gunbattle with Maoists near Langal Kanta reserve forest, about 60 km from here, on Monday. Police said about 200 rounds of bullets were fired in the skirmish between 7.30 am and 9.30 am, in which one woman Maoist was killed. \"The Maoists are suspected to have taken away the body,\" said Sudarsan Sethi, additional SP Rourkela.He said police recovered several items, including a sten gun, a 303 rifle, live ammunition, about 50 pairs of Naxal uniform, Naxal posters, medicines, etc., from the Maoist camp.A police team, comprising of CRPF, Special Operation Group (SOG) and District Volunteer Force (DVF), was on a routine search operation. When the team was crossing Langal Kanta forest area, they came close to a Maoist camp. The police team, however, was unaware of the presence of a Maoist camp there and only came to know about the congregation of rebels there when a few rounds of bullets were fired at them, sources said. The police team quickly took position and return fired.\"From the long seizer list of articles of daily use, apart from weapons, ammunition and posters, etc., it is established that Maoists were running a big camp there since the past few months,\" said Himansu Lal, SP Rourkela. \"The makeshift camp was destroyed after the operation,\" Lal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14250240", "title": "\u2018Investigate Tatkare\u2019s large land holdings\u2019", "text": "BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya has demanded a probe into state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare's large land holdings, claiming these were part of a bigger Rs 25,000 crore scam. Addressing a news conference on Monday, Somaiya alleged this money was used to buy 10,000 acres of land between Navi Mumbai and Sindhudurg. The chairman of the BJP's corruption expose committee also alleged that senior NCP leaders sourced this money from misappropriations reported in the recent cases of 2G and Commonwealth Games. \"Tatkare is just the tip of this iceberg,\" he said while alleging that Tatkare's 29-year-old son Aniket has routed part of this scam money into his vast business empire.TOI had earlier reported that the minister's family and associates control over 300 acres of farmland through over two dozen companies in Raigad, Tatkare's political turf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253477", "title": "Anaemia among girls still a challenge for Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 80% girls in Bikaner are suffering from anaemia. This disturbing figure was revealed by a survey conducted by NGO Ajit Foundation.\"There is an emergency situation in Rajasthan vis-a-vis anaemia and the BPL families are suffering the most,\" said Aditi Mehta, principal secretary, social justice and empowerment.Addressing a workshop on 'Addressing anaemia' in the city on Monday, she said calorific difference was the major reason for the problem and called for effective monitoring of the anaemia control programme.The survey's findings state that 83.4% adolescent girls were found to be anaemic in the district with 2.98% suffering from severe, 22.2% moderate, and 58.21% mild anaemia.Though various national and state level programmes to fight against anaemia have been launched over the last decade, a large percentage of the population is still anaemic.Economist and member of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council Prof VS Vyas said, coordination is a must between various government departments including education, medical health and family welfare and women and child development to tackle the issue effectively.Vyas, who is also deputy chairman of the Rajasthan State Planning Board, said the board is ready to play an active role in evolving policies on the issue. He also suggested roping in voluntary groups and non-government organizations to address it.The experts at the workshops claimed that anaemia is prevalent among adolescents and women in the rural areas in Rajasthan.UNICEF state chief (Rajasthan) Samueul Mawungadize said anaemia is affected by public perceptions, behaviour and social reactions. \"Despite the presence of adequate resources, plans of action and the government's positive attitude, anaemia is still a challenge. There is need for enhanced policy interventions in the matter,\" he said.The experts debated on the issues like if anaemia is common among vegetarians, is it region specific, economic specific, age specific or gender specific. They also talked about the impact of various programmes run by the state and the centre.Neurologist Dr Ashok Panagariya said the quality of iron supplied to the target groups through iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets was not good and these tablets did not ensure retention of iron in the body.UNFPA state head Sunil Thomas Jacob said anaemia should be discussed as a subject matter at the Gram Sabha level and public awareness on the issue should be generated at a wide scale.Dr Jyotsana Rajvanshi, under whose leadership the survey was conducted, said the study had tried to find out the knowledge and attitude of respondents towards adolescent anaemia control programme, anaemia, body mass index, personal hygiene, clean drinking water, menstrual hygiene, iron folic acid and nutrient intake and food adequacy.In its major findings, the study revealed that the block and village functionaries were unaware about AACP, its functioning and services under the programme, even as all concerned functionaries had familiarity with prevalence and reduction of anemia and IFA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249691", "title": "Cops seize more stock from fair-price shop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After getting a stock of wheat worth Rs 1.76 lakh that was ferried by fair price shop owners on Sunday, a team of state director general of police (DGP)'s vigilance squad seized stock of rice and kerosene stashed by the owners at their godown in Khokhra. The total goods seized in the incident is worth nearly Rs 3 lakh, said investigators.On Sunday, the squad members led by inspector RL Solanki got a tip-off that a government fair price shop had sent a truck of wheat meant for the poor. Working on the tip-off, police stopped a truck near Seventh Day School in Khokhra at 5 pm on Sunday and seized 240 sacks of wheat of 25 kilograms each.Police arrested Kishan Khatik, the driver, from the spot and later arrested Harish and Kanaiyalal Gidwani, owners of a fair price shop in Khokhra. The duo confessed that they used to get Rs 100 more for every sack and the truck was heading towards a flour mill in Changodar. Police intimated civil supplies department about the find.\"During late night search at the duo's godown with the civil supplies officials, we further found 50 sacks of rice and 42 barrels of kerosene of 200 liters each. We got to know that the duo had earlier been reprimanded by the supplies department for discrepancies in stocktaking. We also seized 57 ration cards on various names that were used to procure the stolen stock meant for public distribution,\" said a vigilance squad official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252029", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena to monitor traffic movement at toll plazas", "text": "NASHIK: After the clarion call given by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) president Raj Thackeray , his supporters have decided to storm toll plazas in the district, this time for collecting statistics of vehicles crossing the plaza.\"All the preparations have been done. We will get a standard format in which details of vehicles passing through have to be noted. All arrangements have been made for our workers to man the posts round-the-clock,\" MNS district president Sachin Thakre said.Of all the toll plazas, the ones at Shilapur (near Odha-Nashik road), Dhakambe (Nanduri) and Umbarde (near Ghoti on the Sinnar-Ghoti road) have failed to start work again after the MNS agitation on June 13 following the party president's call to close toll plazas for their alleged illegal collection of fees from motorists.\"The three toll plazas have failed to start. Though this is good news for us, we are going to ask them to start all over again and monitor the movement and collection of tolls centres,\" Thakre said, adding that tents had been raised in the respective lines of direction of traffic to aid workers who would be on duty in eight-hour shifts. Three shifts at the posts, round-the-clock for 15 days, had been planned and women workers would man the posts during daytime.The movement of vehicles will be monitored and classified as per the categories of multi-axle, light commercial vehicles, cars and public transport buses for fifteen days. The data will have information about vehicles which return the same day and possibly the point of origin and destination, indicating the road used by the vehicles.He said workers will be sourced from local areas so that even locals could join the movement. The tents and meals will be arranged for workers by the party. Corporators and office-bearers have also been given responsibilities of making necessary arrangements. \"They will supervise the work and collect the data as specified by the party president. They will be responsible for ensuring that partyworkers get all the things required for the process,\" Thakre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14264244", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation seals two city restaurants kitchens", "text": "SURAT: Garbage like situation in kitchens of the city restaurants has led the health authorities to take strict action against some hotels and restaurants.Following the spot raids to check the situation , officials of health department of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) sealed three such joints in the railway station area of the city.Health officer Dr K Khatri talking to TOI said, \"We found kitchens in atrocious condition. We fear large scale epidemic could spread if we let these kitchens function. So we have issued closure notices.\"Apart from sealing three places, officials also issued notices to two other places and fined other 13 eatery shop owners including seven restaurants and juice centers. The sealed places were identified as Bismillah Hotel, Sumar Guest house and JK Guest house. As a pre monsoon cleanliness drive, SMC has started the campaign from checking of public eating places.Dr Hemant Desai, deputy commissioner health, SMC said, \"We can't tolerate this sort of negligence on the part of hotel owners. They will have to comply with the cleanliness standards when they run public eating places and cater to thousands. They must keep their kitchen and other surroundings in hygienic condition. Those found earring in that would be dealt with severely.\"It is observed in the past that during monsoon, food garbage and unhygienic conditions in cooking and serving food has lead to spread of water and vector born diseases in the city. Even diseases like leptospirosis which is a rat spread and predominantly rural based disease has also found its way in the city.\"This campaign will continue in all parts of the city,\" said Desai. SMC also raided foot path food joints and fined a number of them for not keeping hygienic conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255951", "title": "HC notice to Centre, UPSC on IAS scarcity", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Monday issued notices to the Centre and the Union public Service Commission (UPSC) on the crisis Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officers in the state.Taking a suo motu cognizance, the court directed the chief secretary of the state in April to file a detailed affidavit regarding sanctioned strength of IAS and total number posts in the state.On behalf of the state government, advocate general Anil Sinha filed an affidavit on Monday informing the court that the total sanctioned strength of IAS including direct recruit and the promotees is 210 against which only 77 officials are placed.Talking to TOI, Sinha said the state had recommended to the UPSC names of 22 officials of the state service for promotion to IAS rank which has been pending.\"The high court issued notice to the UPSC asking it to explain why promotion was not cleared to the officials recommended by the state government,\" Sinha said. In its notice issued to the Union government, a division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tantia and Justice Jaya Rai has asked the government to explain what arrangement could be made to counter the crisis of IAS officers because of which development work in the state was being hampered.Sinha said the court acknowledged that in absence of IAS officers in the state, one officer is in charge of three to four departments and also acting as commissioners. \"Unless officials as per sanctioned strength are deployed, it would be difficult for the state government to reach targets,\" Sinha said quoting one of the observations of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14261090", "title": "Increasing burglaries, theft during summer vacation leave police red faced", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than two dozen house burglaries and a dozen thefts in many sectors in the city in this vacation season have left Chandigarh police red faced.Interestingly, in some of the house burglaries and thefts, area police officials failed to register any FIR in the absence of owners of burgled house. Though owners of targeted houses have been informed by their neighbors and local police, majority of owners are sitting in hilly arease, enjoying their summer vacations.Sources in police said it is likely that the number of registered FIRs in such cases will increase when a number of families will return from their vacation and find their houses burgled. The officiating SSP, Chandigarh, Rajinder Singh Ghumman, told TOI, \"Keeping in view the summer vacation season, foot-patrolling and motorcycle patrolling of police personnel have been increased in the city. A special advisory had also been issued to all residents through Resident Welfare Associations, before the vacation began.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249838", "title": "Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad to get new panel to pick director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The board of governors of Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad on Monday authorized its new chairman A M Naik to reconstitute the search committee formed by the outgoing chairman Vijaypath Singhania to find a replacement for the present director Samir Barua.\"I will reconstitute the committee within the next two to three days,\" Naik, who is also the chief of L&T;, told TOI after his first meeting as chairman.On March 24, three days before his term was to end, Singhania had appointed a four-member search committee. Some members of IIM-A's board of governors (BoG), including state education secretary Hasmukh Adhia and industrialist Chintan Parikh had raised concerns about the manner in which the committee was formed as well its composition.During the board meeting held on Monday, members again raised objections on the issue. They said Naik should act as ex-officio head of the search committee, as per earlier practice. Naik told the board that he needed time to understand the nitty-gritties of the process. It was unanimously decided to leave the decision on the chairman to reconstitute the search committee.The four-member committee suggested by Singhania comprised of Rama Bijapurkar, management consultant and visiting faculty, Praful Anubhai, alumni turned faculty, Ashank Desai of Mastek Ltd and Hasit Joshipura of GSK Pharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14249842", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee dials Matoshree, seeks Sena\u2019s support", "text": "Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's telephone call on Monday to Matoshree sent shock waves through the BJP. Mukherjee spoke with Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray and sought the Sena's support for the presidential election. Mukherjee is the UPA's candidate for the polls. Senior BJP leader L K Advani spoke with Thackeray on the telephone on Sunday.A Sena leader said, \"Pratibha Patil, too, had called up Matoshree and requested that the Sena should support her.'' The Sena had backed Patil against NDA's Bhaironsinh Shekhawat, saying Patil was Maharashtra's 'kanya' (daughter).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249588", "title": "27 of 120 Air India executive pilots fall ill", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air India executive pilots who had kept the airline's curtailed international schedule going for the past 42 days by filling in for the 350 absentee striking pilots have started calling in sick. As many as 27, out of the 120 executive pilots have called in sick in the past few days, said airline sources.\"With 27 pilots out, the airline now has only 93 pilots on its rolls and that will put tremendous pressure on the ones who are working. The airline will also find it hard to roster pilots for its flights,'' said an airline source. An Air India spokesman said since these pilots have been working to their full capacity for the past one month, some of them may be genuinely fatigued or sick. So the development need not mean that the executive pilots too have joined the agitation, he added. The executive pilots are the senior management pilots of Air India and they are not a unionized lot.Last week, the Air India Executive Pilots Association wrote to civil aviation minister Ajit Singh saying they cannot continue operating flights \"at the expense of flight safety\".\"Flying the truncated international schedule with just 100 executive pilots is pushing us beyond our limits and we are experiencing the symptoms of cumulative stress and fatigue and will not be able to maintain the schedule for much longer,'' the letter said. However since the letter was not signed, Singh, said it's authenticity was questionable.For over a month now, pilots, belonging to the erstwhile Air India side of the merged airline \u2014 these pilots operate international flights to the US, Europe, Far East, Middle East \u2014 have been on an agitation demanding parity in career progression with their counterparts from the erstwhile Indian Airlines (that is, pilots who fly the domestic routes and some flights to the Middle East and South East Asia). In response, the airline management terminated about 100 pilots and de-recognized their union, the Indian Pilots Guild.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251279", "title": "It's a mixed bag as Goa MLAs back presidential candidates", "text": "PANAJI: As the presidential poll is approaching, politicking has once again begun in the state. Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Congress have decided to approach the Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), Goa Vikas Party (GVP) and independent MLAs to cast their vote for their respective candidate.United Progressive Alliance (UPA) by Congress has already announced Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as UPA candidate for the President's post, while National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is yet to reach a consensus.Speaking to TOI, BJP general secretary Narendra Sawaikar, said that MGP and the independents are not part of NDA but are part of the BJP-led government in the state. \"Therefore we will appeal to them to cast their vote in favour of NDA candidate,\" Sawaikar said.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar told TOI, \"We will approach all parties to garner support for the Congress candidate for the presidential post.\" Congress will start holding meetings from next week.Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said that they are not in favour of Congress candidate Mukherjee. \"We are part of the BJP alliance and we will support the NDA candidate,\" said Mickky.\"MGP central committee will meet after June 30 to decide whom to support for the presidential post,\" said MGP president Pandurnag 'Deepak' Dhavlikar.Vijai Sardesai, independent MLA from Fatorda, who was a Congress candidate in the 2007 assembly election, has decided to support Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the post. \"Although I am not in the Congress, I still support Mukherjee because he is an eminent and experienced politician,\" said Sardessai.Naresh Sawal, independent MLA from Bicholim who was also a Congress candidate in the 2007 assembly election is yet to decide whom to support. \"I will wait till the nominations are filed. Once the candidates are finalized then only I'll be in a position to declare my support,\" Sawal said.In the 40-member assembly, BJP has 21 MLAs, Congress, nine, MGP, three, GVP, two and five independents. Voting for will take place in the assembly complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261012", "title": "Sonam Kapoor\u2019s special date with Punit Malhotra", "text": "Sonam Kapoor and Punit Malhotra have always maintained that they are just 'close friends'. Though often, at private parties, the couple have let their hair down. And apart from a few romantic dinners at suburban restaurants, the actress and the filmmaker have chosen to keep a rather low 'romantic' profile. Things however, seem to be changing.On Sunday night, we spotted Sonam and Punit at the special screening of Gangs of Wasseypur in Bandra together. An eyewitness told us, \"Sonam arrived at the screening in her sedan at around 9.45 pm. Punit was already at the venue with his friends. After the screening, Sonam left immediately. Punit left later.\"According to a friend of the actress, the time - gap between Punit and Sonam's entry and exit is just a conscious effort to avoid being snapped together. Interestingly, earlier too, when a journalist had bumped into the couple having dinner at a suburban restaurant, Punit had immediately left the table to avoid being photographed. Sonam had taken it on herself to tell the paparazzi off. This time, however, the couple seem to have decided not to take a chance.Interestingly, Sonam Kapoor came for the screening dressed in white and looked eerily like Simi Garewal. The turquoise purse was the only deviation from Sonam's otherwise perfect imitation of the veteran actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263984", "title": "Jaganyacha is song of the month", "text": "Not only the movie, but the songs of latest Marathi movie 'Tukaram' are 'number one' on all music charts. 'Jaganyacha Paya' from the movie 'Tukaram' is leading song on all the music stations and charts. Sung by Dyaneshwar Meshram the song has received rave reviews from entire Marathi music and movie industry.Ashok Patki gave the music for the song and the lyrics was penned by Ajit and Prashant Dalvi.Few other songs which are also in top ten charts are 'Janma Baicha' from 'Kaksparsh' and 'Ka Ho Dajiba' of the movie, 'Jai Jai Maharashtra Majha'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260220", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel first look soon", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas' upcoming action entertainer \"Rebel\" first look might hit the screens either in June end or in early July. The much anticipated movie of Prabhas is going at a snail's pace and the makers have finally decided to fasten their belt by planning the first look release and audio in the month of July.Inside sources says that Lawrence has been taking utmost care in filming every scene and that was one of the reasons for the project delay. Sources say that the unit has almost wrapped up filming shooting on the lead pair and other cast. Lawrence is making his debut as music director with this film and he's currently working on the background score.\"Rebel\" has reached the post production stage but not without much drama. The film, which is currently undergoing dubbing works, has received blows during this project. First, it was Anushka who backed off from the project due to differences with with the director and then it was music director SS Thaman to exit from the project. So le'ts hope the film hit the floors at the earliest. Tamanna and Deeksha Seth are playing the female leads in this film, which is produced by J Bhagawan and Pulla Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253021", "title": "Skies open up to everyone's delight", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dark clouds, cool breeze and flashes of drizzle have set the pace for a perfect monsoon mood in the capital city. For the past two days, the city is soaking in monsoon delight with the rain god descending upon the city with vigour. The city recorded 45.2mm rainfall on Monday.Children seem to be enjoying the season most by floating paper boats and dancing in the rain away from the watchful eyes of their parents.\"Despite repeated chidings by my mother, I never miss a chance to soak in the rain. It is fun with the summer vacation being extended for another week or else we would attended school today,\" said Bunty, a class VII student of Sastri Nagar.For a group of engineering students, it was all about going on long drives on their motorcycles. Youngsters were seen seeping hot coffee at swanky outlets while roadside tea stalls were also doing brisk business. \"Since we cannot go out we prefer to laze in the coffee shop with some loud music,\" said Ankita, a college-goer.While Manoranjan Rath, a retired government employee, said \"On a wet day, the best thing to do is to have junk food like hot \"pakodas\" and \"piajis\". They can be either homemade or dished out by a vendor at the street corner.\" Even people are yet to take out their umbrellas and raincoats neatly tucked away in the closet on Monday because they wanted to drench themselves in the shower.Also, it is the times to put aside crispy cottons and bring out some fast drip-dry clothes. \"Wet cotton clothes are a big problem because they take a lot of time to dry up. So I prefer to wear fabrics that will dry easily and do not need to be pressed,\" said Priti Mohanty, a school teacher.Amidst the relief and revelry, its time for worry for those living in the low-lying areas of the city because of the waterlogging problem. \"During the rain, the roads get submerged in knee deep water. Even the drain water enters houses. Despite repeated complaints, the BMC is taking no step to check waterlogging,\" said Ananta Narayan Sahu, a resident of Acharya Vihar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253067", "title": "Downpour stokes fear of floods rerun in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The arrival of monsoon may have finally washed away the misery of a blistering summer, but the state's woes are far from over. Last year's deadly floods has stoked the apprehension of a similar tragedy revisiting Odisha in the coming days.The plight of denizens after Monday's heavy downpour in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack was cited as a forerunner to the hard times ahead. Drains overflowed, low lying areas and slums were flooded in just two hours of rain, throwing life out of gear at many places in both the cities. \"The drains ought to have been cleared much before the rains came. Sadly, that was not done, inviting the crisis in the season's first rain,\" remarked a senior official of the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC). He agreed that a number of rain water channels were still not repaired and construction work at several places had been going on at snail's pace.This being the ground reality in the state's two major cities, the situation in rural areas, which bore the brunt of two heavy floods last year, is feared to worsen this year, though the government maintains it is prepared to meet any eventuality. The two major floods in September 2011 had severely affected 21 districts. All total 87 persons had lost their lives, while the floods affected lakhs of people spread over 6473 villages and 26 towns. Official records showed more than 50 per cent of standing crops were damaged in nearly 2.8 lakh hectares of lands, while over 16,000 km of different kinds of roads were damaged. Nearly 1.8 lakh houses were damaged in the floods, the government report pointed out. The government had estimated the flood damage at Rs 3265.38 crore and sought Central assistance. The Union government later sanctioned Rs 678 crore to the state. Officials said the state government had distributed Rs 700 crore to different districts to undertake restoration works.The special relief commissioner (SRC), P K Mohapatra, said the government is fully geared to meet situation during the rainy season. \"For now, no problem is expected because this was the season's first rain and unlikely to cause any major damage,\" Mohapatra said. According to the SRC, he had received assurances from district collectors that all major restoration works had been completed. \"Whatever little work had been left would be completed by June 30,\" he said. \"Dry foods, medicines and other essential commodities required during floods and such other natural calamities during the rainy season have been kept ready at panchayats. There was also a mock drill conducted on June 6 involving 250 cyclone shelters in the state to sensitise people,\" the SRC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249678", "title": "\u2018Civic body yet to recover Rs 656 crore from developers\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: From purchasing health machinery at higher cost to under-bidding in civic tenders, financial malpractices seem to have taken precedence in civic corridors. Following a point of order raised by senior Congress leader Mohsin Haider, the civic administration on Monday said it is yet to recover premium dues worth Rs 656 crore from 45 developers who redeveloped properties on BMC land in the island city since 1996. Corporators have slammed the civic administration for causing such a huge loss to the civic exchequer.According to the civic administration, the 45 developers who have defaulted were last sent a notice in January. The developers have the choice of handing over the flat or pay a premium to the corporation. \"We are taking this seriously. Of the 45 developers, 21 have responded to the notices and their cases are being heard. The recovery of dues will soon be made. Action will be taken against those developers who fail to respond to the notice,\" said Milind Sawant, deputy municipal commissioner.In the improvements committee meeting held in April, Haidar had raised a point of order regarding the recovery of premium dues from builders for redevelopment projects as per sections 33 (7) and 33 (9) of Development Control Rules, 1991.As per the DCR, the developer is supposed to cough up 10% of the premium amount at the time of issuance of letter of intent, while the remaining 90% is supposed to be paid before procuring occupancy certificate from BMC. \"In most cases, the developer never comes to the BMC for seeking the occupancy certificate (OC). The flats are sold much before that and once the new occupants enter the flat, the BMC will turn up to check the OC. The developers in this case go scot-free without paying the corporation the premium,\" said Haidar.The defaulting amount is excluding the interest rate which is imposed by the civic body. \"If the interest rate is added then this figure would rise beyond imagination. The civic body should take the developers and architects involved to task. Once the projects are completed, the developers dissolve their existing companies and float new companies. Meanwhile, the civic body keeps waiting for the company to turn up for the OC,\" Haidar said.Dr Ram Barot, improvements committee chairman, said, \"It is a huge loss to the civic exchequer and strong action should be taken. The civic administration hasn't been serious about this issue. If the developers do not respond to the notice sent by the civic body, then they should be blacklisted.\"Forty-five developers who have defaulted were sent a notice in January. The developers have the choice of handing over flats or pay a premium to the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14256187", "title": "Reading week inauguration", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The district-level inauguration of Reading Week will be held in Kumarakom on Tuesday. District panchayat president Radha V Nair will inaugurate the programme at 10am at Govt High School, Kumarakom.The week-long celebrations held for promoting reading habit among students is jointly organized by the district administration, information and public relations department, education department, P N Panikkar Foundation, CNRI, District Library Council, Kottayam Public Library, District Literacy Mission and Nehru Yuva Kendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14255822", "title": "Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board chief told to appear in court", "text": "BANGALORE: An HC division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday directed BWSSB chairman to be in court on July 4. The bench found that the agency hadn't complied with the court's directive on July 20, 2011. The court had asked BWSSB to do away with manual scavenging.NITYA CASE PLEA DISMISSEDThe HC dismissed the habeas corpus petition filed by Valli Ramanathan , a disciple of Nityananda . The bench was told the godman was released from jail on Friday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260528", "title": "Gurinder Chadha to shoot next film after image makeover", "text": "Gurinder Chadha , who became the proud mother of twins in June 2007, has not only been busy tending to her babies but has also managed to throw in a weight loss of close to 25 kg. What's more, she is all set to begin shooting her next, a film on partition, in Delhi-Jodhpur in October this year.The film revolves round Lord Mountbatten, and Colin Firth or Michael Fassbender are being considered for the role. The Bend it like Beckham director is keen on Saif Ali Khan as Jawaharlal Nehru , and has already spoken to Naseeruddin Shah , who is game to play Jinnah.Chadha said excitedly, \"This is my biggest challenge till date. I've been working on my partition film for some time now. The central character is Mountbatten. The movie is set in January 1947, when Mountbatten was asked to oversee India, and it ends in August 1947 so it's a brief time span. But it's a huge canvas requiring loads of research and scores of characters. I've spoken to some people including Naseer and Saif. Nehru's role is a cameo, so I wonder if Saif will be willing to do it. And yes, I want my Bhaji on the Beach actress Zohra Sehgal to be part of the film.\"While Chadha has acquired the necessary permissions to shoot everywhere in India, including Rashtrapati Bhavan, she doesn't have to shoot in Pakistan at all. \"This will be my ultimate dream project and I can't wait for it to take off,\" she said.The reason behind kick-starting the project in October, in Chadha's own words, is, \"The wife of the author of the book on which my partition film is based is heavily into astrology. She says October is a good time to start.\"As of now, a visibly lighter Chadha is gearing up for the 300-yard run from Blackpool to Manchester , where nearly 8,000 people will gather to cheer her on. Asked about her last visit to Mumbai on the occasion of her dear friend Karan Johar's 40th birthday party, she simply chuckled, \"No one saw me slip in and slip out, probably because there was so much less of me now to see.\" We do agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249745", "title": "SBI to hike lending to small tea growers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The State Bank of India (SBI), in its endeavor to support the agriculture sector of Assam , has decided to increase its lending service to small tea growers.SBI chairman Pratap Chaudhuri on Monday announced that the bank is going to extend production credit to support a green revolution in the state. \"The bank is also going to focus on lending for farm mechanization, particularly tractors and power tillers. The new initiatives include financing commercial dairy farms, rural godowns, agro-processing units and other infrastructure,\" said Chaudhuri.He announced that SBI is going to open 102 branches, including 53 ultra-small branches, in the state.SBI also presented a school bus to Auxilium Secondary School of Tura in West Garo Hills. Chaudhuri said, \"SBI has always played a pivotal role as a socially responsive organisation in contributing towards numerous initiatives in the social sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264247", "title": "University of Mumbai introduces two new specialised postgraduate degree courses", "text": "University of Mumbai has introduced two new specialised postgraduate degree courses. Ruchi Kumar reportsIn response to the growing demand from the student community, University of Mumbai will be starting two new master's degree courses this academic year. Students of history now have the option to enroll for an MA in Ancient Indian Culture and Archaeology (MA-AICA) and MA in Buddhist Studies (MA-BS).Introducing the MA-AICA Suraj Pandit, chairman, Ad hoc Board of Studies in Ancient Indian History Culture and Archaeology, University of Mumbai, said, \"Although ancient Indian culture is taught at the under graduate and postgraduate level at various colleges and research institutes affiliated to University of Mumbai, there is no comprehensive course available in any institute across Maharashtra.\" He elaborates, \"The syllabus of this course has been thoroughly revised in line with the credit based grading system. It comprises papers ranging from stone-age India to history of theatre and performing arts in India. There are even applied papers like epigraphy, manuscriptology, cultural tourism, etc. This course has an interdisciplinary approach in the true real sense.\"\"As for the MA-BS, there is no course in the subject offered by the university or affiliated colleges. And while courses in Pali literature, Sanskrit, Tibetan, Chinese, Japanese and other South East Asian languages do form a part of Buddhism, there has always been a lack of an inclusive study of the subject. This course offers a comprehensive study of the Buddhist religion and philosophy, art-architecture, epigraphy, ethics, literature, etc.\" informs Pandit.ANCIENT INDIAN CULTURE AND ARCHAEOLOGYThe MA-AICA course will be taught with an indological and archaeological approach, constituting a variety of elements ranging from pre-historic India to literature and archaeology. It will involve a study of all aspects of Indian culture beyond historical methods and events. Practicals and field visits will be conducted for applied and professional subjects taught.BUDDHIST STUDIESThe MA-BS course will be taught with multiple methodological approaches, including a study of Buddhist literature in Pali, Tibetan, Sanskrit, art and architecture in India and abroad, development of Buddhist ethics and philosophy, etc. There will be a definitive focus on the Buddhist worldview and its socio-cultural analysis. Field visits wherever required, will be also be includedDEPARTMENT WOESDue to an absence of departments for ancient Indian history, culture and archaeology, as well as for Buddhist studies, these courses are being offered through an ad hoc committee, Board of Studies in Ancient Indian History Culture and Archaeology. \"These are some of our oldest subjects, taught in the affiliated institutes of the university since 1939. Yet, no department in lieu has been set up by university till the day,\" explains Pandit. \"The board has submitted a proposal to set up respective departments for integrated studies in the above subjects to the vice-chancellor of the university. Apart from requests from many students and teachers for a department, even K Sankarnarayan, director, KJ Somaiya Centre for Buddhist Studies, has extended his support to our initiative.\"APPLICATIONInterested applicants will be required to hold a bachelor's or equivalent degree from the University of Mumbai or any other UGC-recognised university. Admissions will begin following the BA results announcement this year. Forms will be available at St Xavier's College, Mahapalika Marg, Mumbai and the admissions process will be conducted at the postgraduate section of the Fort campus, Main Building, First Fl, University of Mumbai.MA-AICAThe course constitutes a variety of elements ranging from pre-historic India to literature and archaeology.MA-BSThe course will include a study of Buddhist literature in Pali, Tibetan, Sanskrit, etc, art and architecture in India and abroad, development of Buddhist ethics and philosophy.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14253319", "title": "Director, aide con college, flee", "text": "MOHALI: The director of Chandigarh Group of College (CGC), Landran, in Mohali, Vikas Singh Malhotra, has escaped to China along with his associate, Amardeep Kaur, after cheating the college management of Rs 3 crore. Sources said preliminary investigation revealed that the accused have gone to Hong Kong from Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA), Delhi.Though FIR was registered at Sohana police station on May 28, the case was kept under wraps by police and details came out only on Monday. Two cars of Malhotra have been impounded and his bank accounts are being scrutinized.SHO of PS Sohana, Inspector Harjinder Singh, said a look out notice has also been issued to all domestic and international airports. A case was registered following the complaint from CGC president Rashpal Singh.Talking to TOI, Rashpal Singh said, \"The accused was associated with CGC for last 10 years and his role came under scanner just a few days ago. Subsequently, we also came to know about the involvement of Kaur in the cheating.\"Malhotra has left his wife and two children in India.Malhotra disappeared with Rs 15 lakh in cash, registry documents of CGC lands, confidential documents of college among other things on May 26.Before fleeing Malhotra and Kaur had left their cellphones in a car, which was recovered from ISBT-17, Chandigarh, on May 29. In his complaint to police, Singh stated that before escaping, Malhotra had not handed over a cash of Rs 15 lakh to a contractor and bungling huge college funds from accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14253767", "title": "Ajmer gymnast dies mysteriously", "text": "AJMER: Mystery surrounds the death of 15-year-old national gymnast Bhavana Chauhan, who was found hanging in her room on Sunday evening. Bhavana was said to be in depression after she got her class XI supplementary answer sheet. Her school claims she had already passed the supplementary test last month.The gymnast had returned from Jaipur on Saturday after attending a state- level summer camp. Bhavana had participated in the nationals last year from Rajasthan and had performed well in the national open tournament.Fifth child of a tempo driver Narendra Chauhan, Bhavana is said to have committed suicide when her father had gone to work and her mother was out to survey the mid-day meal programme. \"When I returned, the door was locked from inside and Bhavana was not responding. I called the police,\" said Mamta, mother of the deceased.Neighbours gathered at the scene, broke the main door and found Bhavana hanging from the ceiling. \"We took her to JLN hospital where she was declared dead,\" said a neighbour. The incident came as a shock to the sports lovers here. Narendra has three daughters and two sons. \"Bhavana looked happy after returning from the camp in Jaipur,\" said Narendra. \"God knows why she took this step,\" he added.The police claim that Bhavana committed suicide after she got her class XI supplementary paper. \"During investigation, we came to know from her parents and family members that she was depressed after getting compartment in English,\" said Dilip Singh, assistant sub-inspector, Ajmer.On other hand, the principal of Model Girls' Senior Secondary School Saroj Saxena denied that Bhavana had failed and said the results of supplementary papers were declared last month and she had passed the paper. \"She had called her teachers and thanked them. She was obedient and had taken admission in the school this year,\" said the principal. She further said, \"How is it possible that she went into depression a month after declaration of results, there may be other reasons.\"The sports fraternity also dismissed her poor performance in Jaipur and claimed that she was happy after returning to Ajmer. \"She was awarded on her performance in gymnastics as well as in cultural activities. These camps are not selection based but for training the best players of the state,\" said Arvind Sharma, district coach, gymnastics.Her fellow sportspersons were also taken aback after they heard of the incident, \"She was the best player and was very sensitive. We all were hoping that she would get an international position,\" said Manoj Verma, a senior national gymnast.\"She cared for me a lot and always worried about my working as a loading vehicle driver. Apart from playing, she was also looking for a part-time job,\" said Narendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252139", "title": "Ministers do flip-flop before U-turn", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing flak from traders, consumers and opposition parties, the Uttar Pradesh government, on Monday, withdrew its order to shut shop at 7 pm for the next 15 days. Though an official order to revoke Sunday's decision was issued by the Labour department by evening, the decision was not without a fair deal of confusion and drama, with senior Samajwadi Party leaders and Cabinet ministers Azam Khan and Shivpal Yadav keeping the people's representatives guessing till the end of the legislative assembly session.Through an adjournment notice during the zero hour, the drama began with BJP and Congress MLAs questioning the state's decision to down shutters to battle the worsening power crisis. With MLAs calling the government's decision \"illogical'' and \"arbitrary\", BJP MLA Satish Mahana said the order was draconian and that the state's dismal power scenario was responsible for bringing industrial growth to a grinding halt. With BJP leader Hukum Singh asking the government the reasons for not buying enough power to meet the state's demand, he also sought an assurance that no action would be taken against those traders who flouted the 7pm closure orders. Singh also asked for extending the closure timings to 9 pm.It was in his response to opposition queries, though, that Parliamentary Affairs Minister Azam Khan bowled his googly. At first, he called the government's Sunday notification a mere suggestion'' rather than an order; later, however, Khan added that closure timings would be followed strictly. Confused and dissatisfied with both Khan unclear response, BJP and Congress leaders then staged a walkout.Irrigation and PWD Minister Shivpal Yadav did his bit to add to the suspense, as well. Speaking on the sidelines of the assembly session Yadav first maintained the government decision did not order the closure of malls; only that government power would not be supplied after 7pm. Then, squarely blaming the Mayawati government for UP's power crisis, Shivpal added: It is up to them (shops). If they want to close then they can close.''Later, BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya alleged SP's blame game was a feeble attempt at concealing its own failure. Murya said: This is a well-planned conspiracy. The decision to close markets at 7pm would not only affect traders, but will cause inconvenience to people.\" Congress leader Rita Bahuguna Joshi also condemned the decision, saying the soaring temperatures made it impossible for people to leave their homes during the afternoon. As a result, the government's decision to close shops during the evening hours would only cause large scale inconvenience to people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14254236", "title": "Inspector General issues instructions to increase alertness", "text": "VARANASI: Though the police remained clueless about the four accused in June 16 triple murder case that sparked tension in Naisadak area on June 17, IG Zone, Brij Bhushan visited the incident site to take stock of situation on Monday. Taking lesson from this incident, the IG not only issued instructions for increasing alertness but also asked the police in all districts to collect details of the disputed religious sites in order to initiate preventive action to avoid recurrence of any untoward incident.The IG visited Rahim Shah Dargah and graveyard in the morning. The head of the Dargah, caretaker of the graveyard and one other person were brutally murdered by the gravedigger and his accomplices on June 16 night. The incident led to violent scenes in Naisadak area on June 17. Out of six accused persons, the police arrested two while four are still absconding. SSP, BD Paulson has deployed heavy police force and PAC in the area.After reaching the Dargah, the IG initially checked the alertness of police and PAC and issued instructions to keep the anti-riot weapons and equipments with them to avoid delay in taking action in case of violence. The IG ordered to probe into the role of cops deployed at picket point, who despite getting timely information, did not reach the incident site when the Dargah head and his family members were attacked. The IG said if the allegations against those constables are found true, stern action would be taken against them.Brij Bhushan also ordered to check the criminal history of main accused persons including Amzad and Iqbal Ahmed Rayin in order to book them under Gangster Act and NSA. He also asked the district police to collect police station- wise details of the religious sites where disputes like Rahim Shah Dargah exist and can pose threat for law and order in future. He also instructed to make the agencies like civil defence more effective and re-strengthen the peace committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14254418", "title": "Sameneghat-Ramnagar bridge construction to take more time", "text": "VARANASI: Citizens of Samneghat area in the city will have to wait longer for the Samneghat-Ramnagar bridge, as construction work has not picked pace even as monsoon season is approaching. Till now, only two beams have been erected. Though the ambitious project happens to be one of the dream projects of PWD minister Surendra Patel, the only sitting SP MLA from the region, no urgent measures were evident to expedite the work process.A recent inspection by the divisional commissioner has failed to give the required push to the construction, which is likely to be halted as soon as monsoon season begins.When TOI visited the site to get a first hand account on Monday, the work of shuntering of beams in one of the pillars of the bridge from Samneghat side was under progress.As many as two beams on the pillars were erected and three foundations in the area were having a hollow look, waiting for erection of pillars from Samneghat area. Similarly, the work of erection of five beams on the pillars from Ramnagar area were yet to be finished, suggesting the slow pace of the work.Laying foundation for pillars and other works like shuntering for erection of beams are likely to be halted with the start of monsoon season. However, efforts are on to give finishing touch to the erected beams before the monsoon showers begin. \"Erection of a beam takes at least 10 to 15 days, and a total of 46 beams are set to be erected to give strength to the bridge. So far, we have succeeded in erecting seven beams and the work would gather momentum after the monsoon season\", said Ajit Kushwaha, one of the junior engineers deployed at the site.The bridge has already been in the limelight with PWD minister Surendra Patel directing to complete the much awaited bridge by 2013. The bridge has been a dream project of SP government after its foundation stone was laid on January 03, 2007 by then PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav. However, during the past five years of BSP rule, the construction of the bridge moved at snail's pace. A new hope rose after Surendra Patel, the only sitting MLA from Varanasi region inspected the site and instructed to expedite the construction of bridge. Recently, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari also visited the site and instructed the officials to expedite the work.Acquisition of land in Samneghat area is proving to be the biggest bottleneck in construction of bridge and instructions have been given to the concerned officials to expedite the work of land acquisition under section 6. Once this is done, the construction of bridge would gain momentum, said the divisonal commissioner.However, with monsoon set to come in a week's time and the pontoon bridge already removed, over 20,000 commuters will have to bear the hardship of commuting to and from Ramnagar to the city in the coming days. At current pace, it will be a daunting task to complete the bridge by 2013and put an end to dependency on pontoon bridge in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252252", "title": "Attendants create ruckus at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patient care services at Gandhi ward of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University were stalled for more than two hours on Monday after a group of attendant alleged negligence by doctors which led to the death of their patient. The university administration however denied the allegation and lodged an FIR against the attendants for attacking the doctors and security personnel on duty.The matter relates to a patient named Raghunandan, a native of Aminabad area. The youth was suffering from cerebro vascular accident and pneumonia of the lungs. He was admitted to the medicine emergency of CSMMU from where he was referred to the Gandhi ward. He however died at around 2.00 pm. In sheer disbelief, the attendants stated that the doctor on duty didn't see him when he needed him the most. In retaliation, they started shouting and blaming the hospital staff for the death of their patient.They tried to corner the medical staff on duty when the security persons rushed to their rescue. Soon, chief medical superintendent Prof SN Shankhwar also reached the spot and tried to console the attendants explaining that the death of their patient was a result of several complications caused by the disease. It took the hospital authorities about an hour to restore normalcy.When asked to comment, Prof Shankhwar said: \"There was no negligence on the part of doctors. The police had to intervene to control the situation. We lodged an FIR in the case on the basis of which two persons have been arrested. To ascertain the cause of death, the patient's body was sent for post mortem.\"In another incident, a fire broke out in the electricity box of the urology department. Security personnel on duty curbed the fire with the help of extinguishers and sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14249689", "title": "Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad wants completion of Boghdoi bridge", "text": "JORHAT: The Jorhat unit of Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) on Monday demanded that the district administration and the state government evict illegal encroachers from the Bhogdoi embankment and begin construction of the proposed Bhogdoi bridge at the earliest.Activists of the organization also blocked the NH-37 for about an hour near Bhogdoi bridge and submitted a memorandum addressed to chief minister Tarun Gogoi seeking his intervention in the matter.Gogoi laid the foundation stone of the proposed Bhogdoi bridge in November 2010 and announced it would be completed within six months. But more than one year since then, the construction of the bridge is yet to start.AJYCP said the promise was simply an election ploy of the chief minister to woo voters in Jorhat. \"The chief minister had laid the foundation stone of the bridge only to woo voters in his home district. He failed to keep his promise. So, we demand that he take immediate steps to complete the bridge,\" said AJYCP Jorhat district president Siva Kalita.He added, \"The state government announced that Bhogdoi bridge would be constructed on the lines of the famous Howrah bridge to attract tourists. But, it still remains a distant dream for us.\"The organization also said that the government has failed to evict illegal encroachers from the Bhogdoi River dyke and because of the administration's inaction, hundreds of people are encroaching on the embankment to set up houses. \"The Bhogdoi dyke has been illegally encroached right under the nose of the administration. We have demanded that the government evict the encroachers and protect the river from rampant pollution,\" Ritul Pathak, general secretary of the organization, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256191", "title": "Government lays down Gorklaland Territorial Administration poll rules in assembly", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Monday laid down in the assembly the Gorklaland Territorial Administration Election Rules 2012, already published in March this year, in preparation for holding the elections to the GTA. Four legislators of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), however, did not participate in the proceedings of the assembly during the day.The GJM has not made it clear so far if it would accept holding of the GTA elections till its demand for the inclusion of more mouzas from the Terai and Dooars to GTA was accepted. The state government has referred the issue to a \"fact finding committee\".GJM leaders in Darjeeling, however, said that holding of the election was a subject to be dealt with by the state government while the Hills party was focused on inclusion of more areas in GTA. This led to speculation if GJM would stay away from the polls in case the state government went ahead with its plan to hold the GTA election in July, before the inclusion of more areas. tnnOn the other hand, opposition leader Surjya Kanta Misra demanded in the assembly that the state government make a statement there on its latest plan of holding the GTA polls and inclusion of more areas in the council. He said it should be ensured that scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in Darjeeling had their share of reserved seats in the council, according to constitutional provisions.Speaker Biman Banerjee assured Misra that he would apprise the state government about the need to keep the assembly informed of the Hills situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256318", "title": "Children protest against fake birth certificates", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifty underprivileged children who could not get admission to schools because of faulty birth certificates sat on a dharna in front of the mayor's chamber at the KMC headquarters on Monday. The children, led by Congress councillor Prakash Upadhyay, protested against withdrawal of proceedings of the commission which was probing the case of KMC issuing birth certificates without registration.About 50 street children who could not get admission in schools due to a faulty birth certificate issuing procedure sat on a dharna infront of the mayor's chamber at the KMC headquarters on Monday. The children, led by Congress councillor Prakash Upadhaya protested against withdrawing the proceedings of the one member inquiry commission which had been probing the case of the KMC issuing birth certificates without registration.In 2008, during the tenure of former mayor Bikash Bhattacharya, 's tenure, a decision was taken to issue 50,000 birth certificates to the slum children. This move, it was believed, will enable the children to get admitted to primary schools. But the situation turned out to be quite the opposite. Since the certificates had no registration number, they were rendered invalid, thus denying children the opportunity to get into schools.However, it was seen that there was no registration number of the certificates that made those certificates invalid. The certificates was given to the slum children to enable them to get admitted in primary schools, but without registration, they could not get admission.There was no probe at that time. It was only three months back that mayor Sovan Chatterjee formed a one-member enquiry commission with a retired high court judge Asit Kumar Bishi to initiate a probe into the matter.There was no probe at that time. Only three months ago, mayor Sovan Chatterjee formed an enquiry commission with a retired High Court judge Asit kumar Bishi to probe into the matter.During investigation, several irregularities were found. In one such case, it was revealed that a drug peddler who was caught had taken advantage of the birth certificate. Though he was not a minor, he demanded that he be sent to the juvenile court as his birth certificate stated that he was a minor. However, at the final stages of the probe, the mayor suddenly withdrew the investigation proceedings.At the dharna on Monday, Upadhyay said that he had already sent a letter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee regarding the issue and demanded justice for the children.Monsur Ali, father of six-year-old Arshad Ali, said that his son could not get admission in school due to this problem.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that since the tenure of the commission was over, the extension for continuing with the enquiry could not be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251863", "title": "Euro 2012 rocks Indoreans as final nears", "text": "INDORE: Joining the football fan-club round the globe, Indoreans too are all rocking this Euro 2012. As the tournament excitement grip is tightening, football fever is reaching its zenith in Indore.Going gaga over the players, the citizens are keeping themselves glued to the TV sets watching each move and each match much devotedly. England, Germany, Spain and Portugal stand out as the most favorite teams while Wayne Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo top the list of darling players.Kavish Paliwal an avid football lover says, \"Cristiano Ronaldo is my 'God,' and I follow him through the Euro Cup every day.\" Excitement is palpable in pubs and cafes too. \"They provide big screens to watch my favourite teams play. I usually prefer watching Portugal and Spain play but in my opinion France and England might qualify for finals,\" said Paliwal.\"I support Germany and I am fan of Mario Gomez the striker. I also support Russia and Spain but want Germany to win the cup. The latest matches which hiked the excitement level was between Germany vs Portugal, Spain vs Italy, Farnce vs England\", says Chiraag Garg while another football lover Siddharth Dhakare a budding actor roots for England because players from his favourite club will be playing for it. He always tracks the England team for striker Wayne Rooney and Centre mid player Steven Gerrard .Shantanu Khanwalker a Spain Supporter says, \"He loves to watch Xavi Hernandez of Spain also known as \"the play maker\". The way he passes the ball which creates a goal for striker is really amazing. I think Spain will win as they are last times the defending champion. Twenty-year-old Akansh Sharma, an engineering student, watches cricket but would choose football over everything else any given day. \"I am a football frenzy guy. Football has everything going for it. The emotions in this game are unexplained. It brings inner peace to me. The pace is quick, there's tactical game-play involved and you find so many more people you can connect with over the sport,\" he says.\"At any given point of time, there are a million discussions happening on football. Besides, the passion for it runs so high that everyone feels a need to discuss their obsession,\" says Akansh, a hardcore fan of Cristiano Ronaldo, the popular Portuguese player.The game is not only limited to Boys, even the girls are also showing their keen interest in watching these matches. Apoorva Bhatt a young IT professional says, \"I love watching football as it's a 90 minutes game filled with full of action and feed the fire in my mind after my hectic work schedule. I love watching Cristiano playing and making goals, it gives me goose-bumps and I would like Portugal to win the tournament as it is my favourite team. I am looking forward to watch the final's action,\"As the Semi-finals and Finals will held on 28th June and 1st July, the city is fully prepared to watch the titillating action amongst their favourite teams and experts are already busy making predictions that who's going to take away the Title this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14255112", "title": "Dhvanyaloka awaits literary boost", "text": "MYSORE: Once abuzz with literary activities, the Dhvanyaloka Centre for Indian Studies in Mysore, which catered to the needs of literature aficionados over three decades, is slowly losing its past glory post the death of its founder CD Narasimhaiah (CDN). A brainchild of CDN, the centre was set up in 1979 to boost the interest of the literary enthusiasts from across the world. CDN, who invested his entire post-retirement privileges to build the centre, is credited for having introduced American and Common Wealth literature to Indians through seminars and lectures all over the country.Though it still attracts people from various places, many people are upset that the literary hub is not living up to its image.'Not the same'A couple of writers, who had worked with CDN, say unlike in the past, literary activities are not happening there.Former vice-chancellor K C Belliappa, a disciple of CDN and the founding members of Dhvanyaloka, said during CDN's period, Dhvanyaloka was an excellent research centre and was thriving with various activities. But nothing significant is happening at the centre now, he rued.CDN had worldwide reputation. Except the publication of the Literary Criterion, the centre is not focusing on more activities. Dhvanyaloka is not the same as it used to be,\" said K M Chandar, professor, department of Studies in English, the University of Mysore.Echoing the same, P N Sridevi , English teacher at Maharaja's College, said she hardly visits the centre now.Knowledge centreCDN drew inspiration from celebrated scientist Albert Einstein who had devoted himself working at the Institute of Advance Studies in Princeton, England.It was during his stay in Princeton in 1949, he decided to create an advance study centre for English in Mysore. In the initial stage, a library and a seminar hall were constructed while an open-air theatre, scholars' room and visitors' room were gradually built. The English professor, who served at the legendary Maharaja's College, built the library all by himself. It houses more than 10,000 books from various countries like Australia, New Zealand, West Indies, Africa , Sri Lanka, British and America.Writers from all over the world like Gloria Naylor, Chinua Achebe , William Golding , Ditei Ronnen and Indian writers like Raja Rao , Mulk Raj Anand, Nissim Ezekiel , R K Narayan, Kamala Das, Shashi Deshpande, Rao Bahadur, Nirmala Varma and Girish Karnad had visited Dhvanyaloka.'All's well'Contrary to the claim of critics, retired English professor C N Srinath, who is now heading Dhvanyaloka, said they are hosting many literary events and publishing books.\"What keeps the centre alive is the literary and cultural activities that are on. We publish Literary Criterion, a quarterly journal, since 1952,\" he said.The centre also publishes Sarasa, a half yearly journal edited by Srinath. There are plans to host a workshop on translation studies in July. Students from University of Carolina, the US, will visit the centre. Even without external funding, we are planning to start a regular course for the benefit of Indian literature enthusiasts and also to promote CDN's dream, he added.Mahima Raj C", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257454", "title": "HC stays notice to its registry for denying information", "text": "CHENNAI: Citing a Supreme Court judgment slamming misuse of the RTI Act for 'indiscriminate and impractical' information , the Madras high court has stayed a State Information Commission's showcause notice to the high court registry asking why the latter should not be fined Rs 25,000 for failing to disclose the information sought by an applicant.A division bench of Justice P Jyothimani and Justice MDuraisamy , concurring with the submissions of the senior advocate and former additional advocate-general A L Somayaji , granted the interim relief to the court's registrar-general , against whom the commission had issued the show-cause notice .P Kalyanasundaram of Pattalam filed an application under the Madras high court seeking a list of all registers , with index or subjects , and copies of all forms and registers being maintained by the high court . The application was made in January 2009 .After the lapse of the deadline for disclosure of information under the Act, the applicant approached the commission which asked the registrar-general to offer remarks . In April 2010, the commission wanted to know action was taken by the high court on the application .In January 2011, Kalyanasundaram complained to the commission and also sought compensation . In May 2011, the public information officer of the court informed the commission that the information was being collated , and in February this year he sought clarification on the demands of the applicant. In May the officer said the request of the RTI applicant was impossible to comply with as he had sought a copy of all forms , ledgers and registers maintained at the high court. On May 23 , the commission issued a show-cause notice directing the registrar-general to furnish the information sought.Assailing the notice , the high court registry filed a petition , stating that the request of the applicant was not in accordance with the object of the RTI Act. The notice is liable to be set aside on the ground that indiscriminate and impracticable demand made by Kalyanasundaram cannot be acceded to and that it would severely affect the efficiency of the administration ,itsaid .The judges said : \"It is seen that Kalyanasundaram seeks information in respect of each and every aspect without even specifying the instances and every time , application is being filed seeking production of copies of various records.\" They then stayed the show-cause notice for a period of eight weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249629", "title": "Ahmedabad police ready with Jagannath Rath Yatra plan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the 135th Jagannath Rath Yatra will start on Thursday morning, more than 20,000 personnel from police and paramilitary forces will be on their toes to make sure that the chariots get a safe passage. The senior police officials in the city will conduct a dress rehearsal on Tuesday morning to inspect the arrangements and meet the local leaders.Joint commissioner of police (special) A K Sharma addressed the media on Monday about the security arrangements made by the force for the procession. \"This year, there will be over 20,000 personnel and officers of the city and state police, along with paramilitary forces, on duty on the 22-kilometer-long route. The cavalcade of chariots, trucks and tableaux, will be nearly 1.5 km long. We have conducted separate briefings of various teams over the past 10 days to ensure everybody knows their role,\" he said.Sharma said that they have made some new arrangements for the yatra. \"First of all, we will have live SMS updates for the police officers above the rank of sub-inspectors. They will get SMSs as soon as the chariot has passed from a particular spot. We have collaborated with a private firm to disseminate the information so that the team posted next on route is alerted. Second, we have covered sensitive parts of the route with CCTV cameras. Shahpur, Dariapur and Jamalpur will have 23 CCTV cameras to monitor the situation constantly from the city police control room,\" said Sharma.Every year, the chariots were embedded with GPS system so that it can be monitored by the police officials. This year, 14 police vehicles will also be equipped with the transmitters. The police said that these vehicles will be placed in the caravan after a gap of every 15 vehicles so that at the time of emergency, the nearest team can be intimated and deployed immediately.Before the chariots pass, four teams of the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) of 50 personnel each will comb the nearby areas and give a go ahead. The houses which have become dangerous due to their dilapidated condition have been served notices by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). \"At every such building, a policeman will be deployed to prevent people from climbing up the building to ensure it doesn't crumble under their weight,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252067", "title": "Women attacked with blades in CP, Mangolpuri", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two women were cornered by men and attacked with blades in the last 24 hours, police said.In the first incident, a 25-year-old married woman, who was on her way to New Delhi Railway Station, was attacked by three persons on Minto Road on Monday. The incident took place around 1am. Three men waylaid her at the outer circle of Connaught Place and tried to force her into their car, the victim told cops. When she resisted, one of them stabbed her with a blade on her face, arms and neck. The trio left her bleeding and fled. The woman was rushed to a hospital. Sources said one of the three has been identified as Teja. A case of causing grievous hurt (section 324 IPC) has been registered at Barakhambha Road police station.In the other incident, a working woman was cornered by a man in the Mangolpuri area. The 22-year-old was returning home from a mall when the man attacked her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14250843", "title": "Scheme for orphans to pursue higher education", "text": "PANAJI: The government has formulated a scheme 'Dayanand Bandodkar scheme for higher education for orphans' to provide assistance to them to pursue further studies, including technical education, from the academic year 2012-13.The higher education department will operate the scheme, which has been accorded approval by the state government.\"The basic purpose of formulating the scheme for higher education is to support the educational needs of the children who have lost both parents and are deprived of higher education for want of financial resources,\" a source said.Orphans can avail of the scheme to pursue undergraduate courses up to post graduation in general and also technical education.The beneficiaries will be exempted from payment of fees in the academic institutions, in which they enroll for higher education, as the government will take care of the waiver of the fees.As per the terms of eligibility for the waiver of fees, the students should be born in Goa or residents of the state at least for last 15 years.The students who are enrolled for first year of their degree/post graduate courses are entitled to the benefits under the scheme. The exemption of fees covers tuition fees, library fees, laboratory fees and development fees, and also other charges such as lodging and/ boarding, food (hostel charges) or transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14253544", "title": "86 of IIT-JEE\u2019s top 100 opt for IIT-Bombay", "text": "MUMBAI: IIT-Bombay retains its favourite position with top rankers while IIT-Delhi has further slipped in the preference list. This year, 77 aspirants from the top 100 IIT-JEE ranks were allotted seats in IIT-B, up from last year's 70.IIT-B was in fact the first choice of 86 of the top 100 candidates this year, though only 77 were given seats. In 2010, 67 of the first 100 had opted for IIT-Bombay. IIT-D saw a dip in the numbers of top rankers opting for the institute this year, from last year's 24 to 19. Just 12 of the top ranking candidates filled IIT-D as their first choice. The three female candidates in the top 100 also opted for IIT-B.Among the top 1,000 candidates too, around 285 opted for IIT-B followed by 224 in IIT-D. \"Several factors like the location and climate are also in favour of the institute at Mumbai. The choices of top 100 students do not mean anything. Many students qualifying from the south with see Mumbai as a closer option than travelling to the north. It does not reflect on the institute,\" said an official at IIT-D.About a decade ago, IIT-Kanpur was the preferred destination for most of the top 100 rankers in JEE. But since 2005, the trend has gradually changed in favour of IIT-B. This year only three candidates from the top 100 went to IIT-K.A total of 8,593 boys and 907 girls were allotted seats in the first round of admissions to IITs, which started Sunday after a three-day delay. Of the 17,465 shortlisted for counselling, 1,476 candidates opted out of it. Out of the top 100 too, rank 69, has opted out of IITs. \"Students who might have done well in other entrance exams might have opted out of IIT if they got lower ranks here. Also some of the students might have gone abroad for higher studies,\" said a institute official.While Arpit Agrawal, the IIT-JEE-2012 topper opted for IIT-D, the next eight ranks after him chose IIT-B. Nishit Agrawal, all-India rank 6 and Mumbai zone topper was the only student to opt for electrical engineering, rest of the top 10 chose Computer Science and Engineering (CSE). CSE was among the most popular choices at IIT-B and IIT-D followed by electrical, mechanical and aerospace engineering at IIT-B. Only 668 candidates got the course and allotment of their first choice, 390 got their second choice and 379 got their third preferred option. A student had the choice of filling several options, the maximum being 215 courses. In 2011, 1,382 candidates got the course and allotment of their first choice.Fewer girls qualify, despite rise in applicationsOf the candidates who got admission offers, 9.55% were girls, a marginal dip from last year. In 2011, 10.1% female candidates got seats in IITs. \"We were expecting more girls to get seats this year as there was a steep rise in the numbers of female candidates (33% of total candidates) appearing for JEE. However, their numbers dipped marginally,\" said G B Reddy, IIT-JEE chairman, Delhi. Around 11 foreign nationals also made it to the IITs this year. \"In spite of the delay in the release of the first allocation round, there will not be any change in the rest of the schedule. The second and third round of allocation will happen on the same day as scheduled. After students reject the seats, the vacant seats will be thrown up for the second round,\" Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14254043", "title": "He is the king of cooking, crooning", "text": "A hit among students for his famous manchurian-fried rice and 'rajma-chawal' at Panjab University's Student Centre, Raman Devan is now all set for the release of his seventh music album. \"Khana and Gana\", both come naturally to this Indian Meals shop owner at PU's student hub, say his frequent visitors. With a fan club of his own, comprising students and professors, his fans often request him to sing a number while he is serving food to them.All of 33 years, Raman's passion for singing is almost 25 years old. Talking about how he juggles between work and passion, Raman says, \"I record devotional albums at night and handle my catering work during the day. It doesn't tire me as singing is my passion\"\"My last album was released by PU vice-chancellor and my next album is slated for release on June 24. I have six devotional albums to my credit and I sing regularly for devotional television channels too,\" says Raman, who is running the eatery for 5 years now. He was earlier managing the popular law canteen on PU campus.\"Students often come to my shop and tell me how my face resembles the man they saw on television singing bhajans this morning. Others would come and praise my albums and tell me that they bought a CD,\" quips Raman.Distributing a copy of his newly released CD to his frequent customers and ardent lovers, he said, \"I do give complimentary CDs sometimes to those who have a spiritual bent. Once a PU student brought her mother along to meet me and told me that her mother listens to me every morning on television. It's such an honour when people do that and appreciate your talent.\"Having worked with leading music companies, Raman says he wanted to set an example and let people know that they must never give up on their passion. \"I joined the catering business to ensure that I have a source of income. One must follow his passion and never leave it for worldly pleasures or comforts,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253368", "title": "Ex-IG pines for his best friend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Narinder Singh Randhawa, a retired IPS officer, is running from pillar to post to trace his black labrador, 'Nelson Southey Rhinehart', that was \"stolen\" on May 7 from his Sector 38 (West) house.\"My house has seen three thefts. First, thieves had decamped with cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh. Then, they again struck and took away an iron gate. And now, they have stolen my dog. Nothing has been more heart-rending than my best friend's theft,\" he said. Randhawa, who has served as Chandigarh SSP and Delhi Police IG, on Monday met senior police officers in police headquarters, Sector 9, and apprised them of the three unsolved cases.He said, \"The incident had taken place on May 7, when Nelson went outside the house. The last time, he was spotted near a taxi stand in the area. But he could not be traced despite our best efforts. My dog is quite intelligent... he cannot run away from the house. He has been stolen by the same gang that struck my house twice, in January 2009 and October 2010. Then, Nelson was not here.\"The retired officer added that he wanted the police to register an FIR, but they lodged a missing complaint.SHO of Sector 39 police station inspector Charanjeet Singh said, \"It is a missing case and not a theft because the labrador had gone outside the house on its own. A missing complaint has been lodged and efforts are being made to trace it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14239372", "title": "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", "text": "PT brings you the celebrations and the controversies hounding the sporting world.The Winning JodiSania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi stormed into the French Open finals (mixed doubles) and proved yet again just how brilliant a duo they are. The game was theirs and they lifted the trophy. The match was extra special as June 7 was also Mahesh's birthday. The new father dedicated his win to his daughter back home. His game partner Sania wished him at the victory podium and the crowd echoed the wishes. Back home too, it was celebration time as the duo trended on social networking sites, garnered praise from one and all and did the country proud. A boost of confidence for the players and their fans ahead of the Olympics. \"He has one of the best backhand returns in the game, and his net play is outstanding. This complements my powerful ground strokes, and return of serve, which are my strengths. These qualities put together make us a very good team,\" Sania had said about her pairing with Mahesh. While Sania said that her husband Shoaib Malik was thrilled about their win, a jubilant Lara Dutta, wife of Mahesh, also told PT, \"We are ecstatic about Mahesh and Sania's win on his birthday. Very proud of him. The year is only going to get better.\"Super SainaClose on the heels of Mahesh and Sania's win, came ace Badminton player Saina Nehwal's Thailand Open victory. The steely shuttler played a good game against her Thai opponent and won the title. But this victory wasn't enough for her. \"I want to win the Indonesia Open next week,\" she had said after her match. Call it determination or confidence, but she remained true to her words and did actually win the Indonesian Super Series Premier title on Sunday. Two titles in two weeks. Saina is just letting the world know what to expect at the Olympics. She's in great form and training harder than ever. Her coach P Gopichand has a good programme planned for the London Games and Saina says that the country's and her family's support is just what she needs. And of course, her ability to understand her opponent's strengths and weaknesses and change her strategies accordingly. Let's hope the good run continues and victory at the Olympics is hers.Bhaag Pinki Bhaag!After winning gold in 4x400 metres relay at the 2006 Asian Games, a silver at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games in the same year and a gold at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games, the illustrious career of Pinki Pramanik seems to be on a downfall, as India's gold medalist in women's relay was arrested on a charge of rape and is also accused of being a male.Pramanik was charged with rape after the athlete's live-in partner lodged a complaint accusing Pramanik of being a male. Pramanik is currently behind bars. She has also been suspended by her railway employers. Investigations are still on. Pinki worked as a ticket examiner. The railways have also started a probe if she was properly examined medically during the recruitment process.Ahead of the Olympics, this is one controversy that India could have done without.All Love LostThe All India Tennis Association's decision to pair veterans Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes may cost India a medal in the upcoming London Olympics 2012. The fallout of India's most sought after players came to light in 1999 when they were hardly on talking terms, but still went on to qualify for the finals of all four Grand Slams, winning two of them. Apart from the on-court chemistry, the duo has not been seeing eye to eye, and this has been the talking point in Indian sports for years.The selectors announced that the two veterans were their pick for the men's doubles at the London Olympics. Paes was quoted by TOI as saying, \"To represent India for the sixth time at the Olympics is my greatest honour. I have always maintained that I will play with whoever the selection committee and AITA choose and this continues to be my stand.\"But Indian sports associates and fans are still worried as Bhupathi doesn't seem to acknowledge the decision made by AITA. Calling Paes a 'backstabber' - a reference to the Paes decision to split at the end of last season, Mahesh Bhupathi is adamant that India should field two doubles teams in London - saying he and Rohan Bopanna have qualified as a partnership based on their rankings. AITA is unlikely to budge. On Monday, Rohan Bopanna officially informed AITA that he would not partner Leander Paes in the Olympics. It's clear that personal egos and group loyalties may already have compromised India's chances of winning a coveted Olympic medal.Checkmate!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250368", "title": "Cistern leak may lead to major water crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of the Old City and those living in the periphery of the GHMC limits are likely to face a major drinking water problem from Tuesday in view of the disruption in the supply from Krishna water supply phase I and II.The two phases accounts for 180 million gallons daily (MGD) supply of drinking water of the total 340 MGD that is supplied to the city. Apparently, there is a major leakage in the cistern (artificial lake) at Puttangadi village in Nalgonda district where the raw water from the Krishna river reaches. The water, through the A Madhava Reddy main canal at Akkampalli, then reaches Kodandapur where it is treated and supplied to the city.Irrigation department officials are repairing the leakage and the work is expected to go on for another 20 days. As a result, the drinking water supply to the city from the Krishna will get affected. \"The pumping of treated water stopped five days ago and the existing stocks are likely to get over by Tuesday. All the areas supplied by the Krishna water will be affected after that,\" the sources said.The Krishna water is supplied to the city through two pipelines of 90 MGD each. While one pipeline supplies the areas located in Old City including Goshamahal, Bahadurpura, Doodbowli, Misrigunj, Pattergatti , Moghalpura, Darulshifa, Azampura, Moosarambagh, Asmangadh, Santoshnagar, Balapur, Maisaram, Aliabad, the second caters to the peripheral GHMC circles including L B Nagar, Rajendranagar, Kukatpally, Kapra and Alwal.Meanwhile, sensing the crisis, senior officials from the Hyderabad water board have rushed to Puttangadi to inspect the ongoing repair works. \"In case the works are not completed at the earliest, the city will face a severe water crisis,\" said HMWS&SB; director-technical, D Sundar Rami Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252494", "title": "Samajwadi Party's Alok Tewari elected to Rajya Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party candidate Alok Tewari was elected unopposed to Rajya Sabha on Monday. A formal announcement of Alok being elected unopposed was made by returning officer and principal secretary Vidhan Sabha Pradeep Dubey.Alok is the son of Brij Bhushan Tiwari, who died a day after taking oath as Rajya Sabha member in April. The claim to the said RS seat had turned significant after Imam of Jama Masjid Syed Ahmad Bukhari accused SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav of ignoring Muslims interests, while nominating members to the Rajya Sabha and the state's legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250229", "title": "Mother's efforts save children, but husband dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Lying on the hospital bed with her burned hands plastered, Kavita Johri (21) was pleading with the nurse to be allowed to see her elder sister Sushma, whose marriage was to be held on July 1.Sushma (25), employed as a data entry operator in NMC education department, is battling for life with extensive burn injuries in the intensive care unit. Doctors have expressed little hope for her survival.But Kavita keeps pleading, \"She is to get married two weeks later. Please save her.\" In shock, she keeps up this refrain even after she learns that her father Annaji died in the fire that engulfed their Adarsh Colony residence on Sunday at around 2.45am.Her mother Asha, whose feet were burned in the fire, too keeps pleading every time the doctors come to her, requesting them to save Sushma.Kavita recently finished her BEd. The terror of the fire is still in her eyes as she says, \"It was a terrifying experience. I thought it was the end of our family.\" They are still clueless about the cause of the fire.Like any other day, Johri family had gone to bed around 11.30pm. Kavita told TOI that irritation due to the smoke woke up them. \"I have no idea how the fire started. I awoke when the flames reached the bed shared by me and my mother.\"Except Annaji, who was sleeping in the kitchen, all others were asleep in one room. Sushma was asleep on the other bed in the corner of the room while Nagraj (23) was sleeping on the floor. \"The flames had already reached Sushma and Nagraj. We immediately covered them with bedsheets,\" she said. Kavita suffered injuries while trying to save her sister.She said the house was pitch dark. \"There was smoke everywhere and we were suffocating. The window curtains also caught fire. Somehow, my mother opened the window which ensured some fresh air,\" said Kavita.Kavita and her mother yelled for help through the window but no one could hear them. The Johris own a grocery shop attached to the house, with a common entrance, and shop's shutter was locked.Asha somehow found the keys and managed to open the shutter lock. Luckily, the fire hadn't spread to the shop, and the family was able to get out of the house. Asha and Kavita helped Sushma and Nagraj come out.Kavita said, \"My mother did the best she could. But she couldn't save my father.\" Kavita said that while leaving the house, they tried to open the kitchen door but could not do it.\"I can't remember how long we waited, but it must have been at least 15 minutes. We kept shouting loudly for help for 15 minutes. We were crying in pain and Sushma fell unconscious but there was no sign of help coming. Finally, a patrolling party of cops noticed the flames and rushed to help,\" said Kavita.Later, neighbours helped douse the flames and cops brought out Johri, who was declared brought dead by doctors.Nagraj, who has completed his MCA and was preparing for MBA lost all his degrees. \"We lost everything. The wedding cards, expensive clothes bought for the wedding and everything else has turned into ashes,\" said Kavita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252458", "title": "3 arrested for raping minor in Nainital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men have been arrested for gang-raping a minor girl in Nainital. Another minor girl who allegedly lured the victim into the trap has also been caught, said police.The accused have been identified as Jamshed (25), Haaroon (25), and Javed (22). The victim (15), a resident of southeast Delhi, had befriended the girl (17) two weeks ago when she had come from Nainital on a holiday. The girl cajoled the victim to accompany her to Nainital for a holiday.Sources said the girl booked a hotel for their stay where she allegedly called three of her acquaintances and introduced them to the victim. The men assaulted the victim and took turns to rape her. After this the accused fled. When the victim regained consciousness she somehow managed to contact her parents.Her family then approached police. A case of rape was registered after a medical examination. On the information provided by the victim, cops apprehended the minor girl from her house. The three men were nabbed on her instance. They were brought to Delhi and produced before a magistrate. The men have been sent to judicial custody while a case of criminal conspiracy is made out against the girl, said a source. On Monday, the victim was produced before CWC of Lajpat Nagar and her statement was recorded. The accused minor was produced before the Juvenile Justice Board and sent to rehab home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14263484", "title": "Human Rights Commission seeks report from West Midnapore SP", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Human Rights Commission has sought report from superintendent of West Midnapore in connection with the suicide attempt of an inmate at Jhargram sub-jail and keeping the inmate hand cuffed in hospital. The rights body took up the case after receiving complaint from Bapi Sengupta, assistant secretary of Association For Protection of Human Rights (APDR), a rights organization.In his complaint, Sengupta alleged that 23-year-old Kamalesh Mahato, a student of history honours and a leader of Jharkhand Students Federation was picked up by police on April 27. A resident of Gopinathpur village of Lalgarh, Mahato reportedly was travelling in a vehicle and was apprehended by police near Dahijuri. Sengupta alleged that on next morning he was produced before the court where cops illegally tagged a gun in his possession and showed that he was arrested from forest. \"He was illegally arrested,\" said Sengupta in his complaint.The complaint says that he was brutally tortured in police custody after arrest and in judicial custody Mahato was threatened there. \"He was traumatized due to the torture in the custody and he attempted suicide by consuming phenyl in judicial custody on May 8. He was taken to Jhargram sub divisional hospital and despite guarded by a group of armed jawans he was kept handcuffed on hospital bed,\" alleged Sengupta in his complaint. Sengupta pointed out that the law of the state does not allow police to keep one accused handcuffed in hospital. In the complaint Sengupta demanded intervention of state Human Rights Commission.On June7, West Bengal Human Rights commission issued the notice, seeking report from Jhargram police superintendent, who was asked to submit the report to commission within four weeks. The notice sought explanation from district police superintendent about in what circumstances the inmate opted to kill self and why he was handcuffed in hospital. Such action from the rights body is first in the recent years after Lalgarh movement broke out in Jangalmahal. Though during this period of movement, several human rights organizations and individuals had submitted complaints about human right violation issues in this militancy torn areas of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250344", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation teams on standby to tackle monsoon emergencies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Like elsewhere in the city, the Old City too is feeling the impact of rains and its accompanying civic woes. Dug-up roads owing to pending works pose the biggest problem, concede GHMC officials who claim they are well equipped to handle the situation.South Zone GHMC officials along with traffic police have identified about six rain-related traffic trouble spots. These include a location near Puranapul where the HMWS&SB; recently executed pipeline works, a dug-up spot close to Bahadurpura crossroads, low lying areas near Chaderghat, the rail under-bridge at Azampura, a drain near Moosarambagh corporator's house and areas around Chandrayangutta crossroads.Officials said teams have been kept on stand-by under executive engineer-1 to address issues on priority basis. Three teams equipped with portable motors will be available to drain water.Ravi Kumar, GHMC South Zone commissioner, said officials have also started identifying dilapidated buildings and shifting inmates to ward offices as a precautionary measure. \"The locations that we have identified will be constantly monitored to ensure that the traffic flow does not suffer. The emergency centre established in the South Zone will contact other government departments in time of emergency and address the issue brought forth by the public. To address complaints or feedbacks we will also quickly sanction required works and keep problems under check,\" he said. South Zone GHMC emergency helpline numbers are 24500254, 24419508 and 9989930671.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14252991", "title": "Rath work in high gear", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is not just carpenters who are busy giving last minute finishing touches to chariots for the June 21 Rath Yatra in Puri.The car festival fever has also gripped traditional artists and artisans in the temple town, who are toiling hard to finish their idols and chariots of stone, sand and applique on time.Monday's incessant rain notwithstanding, while renowned sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik and his students started working on a giant sculpture on Puri beach on Monday, another artist Banambar Pattnaik was putting in last minute efforts to replicate the grandeur of Jagannath temple on a sun-board sheet.\"We are creating a huge idol of Jagannath and a conch. The sculpture will be ready by Tuesday,\" said Sudarsan, who also plans to create three miniature chariots on sand on Wednesday.Banambar, who started creating the sun-board Jagannath a few weeks ago, said he would put his art on display near the main chariots on Grand Road.Artisans meanwhile are putting in extra effort to supply idols and small chariots to various Jagannath temples in the state and outside. \"We have already supplied nearly 500 pieces of idols in various parts of the state and country,\" said Gajendra Maharana, owner of Puri-based Sun Crafts.Maharana said recently he sent a consignment of 250 wooden idols of Jagannath, Balabhadra, Subhadra and Sudarsan to Mumbai. The idols were between four to six inches high.Maharana said some Iskcon (international society for Krishna consciousness) devotees from America recently purchased tiny idols of the deities to install them on chariots in their country.Like idols, paintings on Jagannath and Rath Yatra themes are also selling like hot cakes. Saroj Behera, who owns Pattachitra Center in Puri, said, \"I have already sent 40 Pattachitra paintings to England, Germany and America. Recently some NRIs and foreign tourists visited my centre and placed the orders.\"In Puri, a three-inch-high idol costs around Rs 70 and a 12-inch-high idol is available at Rs 1,700. \"The idols are made of neem timber. I am expecting handsome sale of the idols throughout the nine-day festival,\" said Sukant Sahoo, an artist.Applique artists in Puri and Pipili are also raking in the moolah in the run up to the Rath Yatra. Applique handiworks are widely used to decorate chariots.Foreign tourists too are showing great enthusiasm ahead of the ensuing Rath Yatra.A group of Japanese tourists, under the aegis of India Japan Friendship Centre, are busy decorating a small chariot that would roll on Chakratirtha Road on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250654", "title": "Cong panel to study bypoll debacle", "text": "HYDERABAD: After the humiliating defeat in the recent byelections in the state, Congress has begun damage control exercise. In a meeting of Congress coordination committee meeting chaired by PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, the party decided to appoint a committee to go into the reasons for the defeat in the elections. Names of the committee will be announced after Botsa's return from Delhi.Also, to placate the leaders who are unhappy with the leadership, various positions in the party and nominated bodies in the government will be distributed to the leaders. While the party has been functioning without committees, the state public sector bodies are working without any non-official members.The coordination committee felt that by distributing party and government posts it could enthuse the leaders to work for the party with dedication.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, deputy chief minister C Damodara Rajanarasimha, former PCC president D Srinivas, Rajya Sabha member K Chiranjeevi and former minister Md Ali Shabbir attended the meeting. AICC general secretary Gulam Nabi Azad, MP Kavuri Sambasivarao could not attend the meeting.The members reportedly felt that the arrest of YS Jaganmohan Reddy also greatly affected the poll prospects of the party in the byelection.The leaders were of the view that a strong wave of sympathy for YS Jaganmohan Reddy coupled with rise in petrol price and unfulfilled demand for hike in the MSP for paddy worked against the Congress candidates in the elections.After discussing the poor performance of the party in the 16 assembly constituencies, one Lok Sabha constituency, the meeting decided to constitute a fact-finding committee to probe the reasons for the defeat. The leaders felt sabotage by the party leaders had affected the prospects in a couple of constituencies.Talking to the media after the late night meeting, Botsa said party would elicit the opinion of the leaders at various level from June 21. First the meeting of MLAs, MLCs and MPs of each constituency where bypolls took place would be held for 10 days, he said.At the same time, the governing bodies of market and temple committees would be appointed with party workers, Botsa added.Meanwhile, the PCC president is leaving for Delhi on Tuesday to present a report on the party performance in the byelections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252983", "title": "DERC fines discom 20k for violations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission has slapped a penalty of Rs 20,000 on Reliance discom BSES Rajdhani for violating regulations of the Delhi Electricity Supply Code and Performance Standard Regulations 2007.According to the order, a resident of Chhatarpur Enclave approached the Commission after BRPL booked a theft case against him contrary to the law. The petitioner alleged that he had complained at the BSES complaint centre in Chhatarpur on February 22 that his meter was defective and not working. Three days later, officials of respondent BRPL came to his residence and instead of changing the meter, they booked him for a dishonest abstraction of energy case.The case came up for hearing on April 24. DERC found that the respondent BRPL had violated regulations 53 (iv) and 54 of the Supply Code. As per regulations 53 (iv), in a case of theft of energy, a final assessment bill needs to be served to the consumer. The regulator found no such documentary proof ever being prepared. Under regulation 45, the licensee, in case of default of payment of assessed amount \u2014 after giving a 15-day notice \u2014 files a case in special court and disconnection of supply can be done only after getting an order from the special court. This was also not adhered to. Following these violations, DERC imposed the penalty upon BRPL under section 142 of the Electricity Act, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249710", "title": "US Food and Drug Administration officials train state drug inspectors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Newly recruited inspectors of the state's food and drugs department got an insight into international norms on Monday at a workshop conducted by officials of the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). The state recently appointed 60 new inspectors.The workshop, held in Gandhinagar, gave details about on changes in the pharmaceutical industry and how Gujarat can benefit from these. This is the first time USFDA officials have conducted such a workshop in Gujarat.The three officials of USFDA's India office, who acted as resource persons, were country director Bruce Rose, assistant country directors Michael Charles and Regina Brown. tnnState food and drug commissioner HG Koshiya said this was an important development and that the training empowered the new recruits. \"They should now pass on the benefits to the masses by keeping a strict drug control and also by preventing illegal sale of drugs,\" said Koshiya.The USFDA delegation told the recruits how to conduct an inspection, what is the ideal time taken in various operations along with current good manufacturing practices, process analytical technology and how to check quality with help of modern technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253542", "title": "Six school students get doping bans", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to discourage use of drugs among young sportspersons, NADA's disciplinary panel on Monday imposed sanctions on six school athletes. This is the first time in India that school students have been punished for doping offences.\"It is important that school athletes are also banned. Rules apply to all irrespective of their age. The move should come as an eye opener for students,\" NADA director general Rahul Bhatnagar told TOI on Monday. \"Sanctions are handed on the basis of substance. These drugs are quite prevalent in sports,\" he added.Weightlifter Jugraj Singh and boxer Shivaji More have been banned for two years each, while wrestler Gagan Kumar Patel and weightlifter Himanshu have been handed one-year ban each. Boxers Ashwani Kumar and Manoj Kumar have got three month sanctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250423", "title": "Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin takes over reins of school", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hardline cleric Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin took over the management of Jameatul Banat, a religious school for girls in Saidabad, following the resignation of his rival Maulana Abdul Aleem Islahi from the society that runs the school.The elections to the Al-Banat Educational Society were held on Sunday. The local chapter of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind had issued a diktat to its members to stay away from the elections. Sources said the Jamaat was unhappy with the infighting that began after the school was established about 25 years ago.Naseeruddin was elected president of the society and Syed Merajuddin Ahmed was elected vice-president. The general secretary of the society is M A Basith and Muneeruddin Mujahid, joint secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251217", "title": "Now, a booklet to help save the girl child", "text": "PUNE: The state government is now banking on schoolchildren to become agents of change for saving the girl child. A booklet - upholding the status of the girl child in a storytelling format supported by pictures - has been designed for the students of zilla parishad and government-run primary and secondary schools across the state.As many as 82,500 copies of the booklet will be distributed to schools during this academic year to propagate the 'save the girl child' message as well as spread awareness about various provisions of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Selection) Act (PCPNDT) in simple language and an easy-to-understand format.\"The aim is to sensitise students, move their hearts and mobilise their opinion towards uplifting the status of the girl child in society. The story booklet - Goshta Mazya Taichi (The Story of My Sister) aims to do this with the help of a storyline where a boy realises that given a chance and opportunity, his sister, who is only made to take care of household chores, could have made it big,\" said Vilas Deshpande, director of state health department's information, education and communication (IEC) bureau.Deshpande, who himself has penned the storyline and worked out the design of the booklet, said the Union government has agreed to finance the idea under the National Rural Health Mission. (NRHM).The 20-page booklet narrates the story where the boy enjoys all the love and care of his parents, grandparents and goes to school whereas his sister is made to do the household chores. The boy grows up, passes matriculation and starts going to junior college where he meets Gauri, a girl student who excels in academics as well as in all sphere of extracurricular activities.When the boy meets Gauri's parents, they tell him that when Gauri was conceived, her grandparents from her father's side had insisted of finding the sex of the foetus with the help of a sonography test and if it was a girl, then abort it. But Gauri's parents opposed the idea, gave birth to Gauri and later provided her with ample opportunities to excel in life.The boy starts hating himself for not realising the favouritism at home. The story ends with the boy hating his parents for their outdated thoughts and for not providing his sister equal love, care and opportunities to grow in life. \"And I started feeling that it would have been very nice if I had parents like Gauri's. I feel proud of Gauri's parents,\" the boy says.An oath emphasising male-female equality and respect for women in all sphere of life is given after the story. The oath also makes one to pledge against female foeticide. After the oath, the booklet gives a brief note on sonography - its useful usage in monitoring the growth parameters of the foetus and the prevailing abuses where the machine is used for sex determination. The note also speaks about creating awareness to stop this.The booklet has a brief note on the PCPNDT Act. Maharashtra was the first state to make a law to prevent sex determination tests. It was called Maharashtra Regulation of Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1988.It was later that the Union government enacted the Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act, 1994 which was amended to cover selection of sex of the child before conception. After amendment, it became the PCPNDT Act, the note states.The booklet gives a note on what action one should take if he or she comes to know of sex determination being carried out by somedoctors or centres, like informing the civic surgeon and local health authority.A table showing child sex ratio in different districts in Maharashtra as released by 2011 census report is given for understanding the ratio of girls per thousand boys.At the end of the booklet, pointers are given emphasizing various important points to understand the girl child in society.\"Each school will be given one booklet. The story should be read out to a class or group of students during start of period or during recess or playtime, cultural programmes, etc. The students can also be engaged in discussion over the content,\" Deshpande said.Documentaries, TV ads to spread awarenessThe state health department has also designed documentaries, television spots, television advertisement and radio jingles to create awareness about saving the girl child.\"A 10 minutes documentary titled Madhura has been made to propagate the message of save the girl child from different platforms. Besides, we have prepared television advertisement, radio jingles to create awareness. They will soon start telecast them,\" said Vilash Deshpande, director, state health department's information, education and communication bureau.The proposed budget for IEC activities in 2012-13 is Rs 1.74 crore. Last year, Rs 90 lakh were spent on IEC activities, Deshpande said. A flip book for auxiliary nurse midwife, Asha (Accredited Social Health Activist), multipurpose health workers have also been designed by the bureau.\"A total 14,000 copies of flip books will be distributed to primary health centres and sub-centres across the state,\" Deshpande added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14256924", "title": "Probe cutting of hair of Singapore's Sikh prisoners: Akal Takht", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Akal Takht, the highest temporal seat of the Sikhs, has marked an inquiry into complaints and allegations that Sikh prison inmates in Singapore are being forced to cut their hair against the community's 'maryada' (code of conduct).The takht has acted upon complaints filed by Madan Mohan Singh, a social activist, who works for a Singapore-based anti-narcotics association.Madan Mohan Singh had urged the Akal Takht to issue directives on the issue so the Sikhs of Singapore could take up the matter with the Singapore government and prevent further \"humiliation of Sikh jail inmates.\"He alleged on Monday that despite prison directives on regular hair grooming, the jail authorities in Singapore cut head and facial hair of Sikh jail inmates if they were found to be involved in taking drugs, smoking and drinking alcohol.Singapore's ministry of home affairs had also conducted an investigation after Madan Mohan Singh had raised the issue.The Sikh Advisory Board (SAB), the highest council of Sikh affairs in Singapore, had wrongly advised the Singapore government by labeling Sikh inmates as non-practicing and non-traditional, he added.\"The SAB has misrepresented the Sikhs in Singapore by condoning and accepting the sacrilegious act of cutting a Sikh's hair by a government department. In doing so, it has underestimated the hurt feelings of the community,\" said Madan Mohan Singh.Denying the charges, SAB member Surjit Singh told TOI from Singapore, \"The Sikh Advisory Board had never ever advised the Singapore government that 'those Sikh inmates, who smoke, consume drugs are non-practicing Sikhs' and that their hair could be cut in prison.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255142", "title": "Modi pep talk to state taxmen", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Monday reviewed the working of commercial taxes department of eight circles of Patna division through videoconferencing and expressed satisfaction that more than 90% of the businessmen paying taxes of over Rs 1 lakh were filing e-return and making e-payment.Modi said filing e-return would become mandatory for all dealers from the second quarter the current financial year. He directed the officials to take steps to bring traders of small markets in subdivision and block headquarters under the Minor Tax Payers Scheme. He expressed displeasure over unnecessary delay in refunds and reimbursements. He also asked the officials to interact among themselves through videoconferencing on departmental works.Modi asked the officials to achieve the revenue collection target of Rs 10,500 crore during the current financial year. He lauded them for collection of Rs 8,458 crore during the last financial year (2011-12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14251000", "title": "No electricity, water, phone services in Sattari, Bicholim", "text": "KERI: Continuous rainfall for the last two days in Sattari and Bicholim taluka paralyzed the supply of electricity, telephone services and drinking water supply, thus leaving locals in the lurch.A tree came crashing down on the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) telephone exchange office in Keri colony, thus hindering telephone services in Keri and surrounding areas.\"For the last three days, our telephone services have not been functioning,\" said Dasharath Morajkar from Ravan. BSNL officials claimed to have suffered a loss of about 13 lakh.In Thane-Dongurli village panchayat, gusty winds uprooted many trees. One such tree damaged the house of Sai Pingale, a widow who belongs to the Dhangar community. She said, \"The heavy and continuous rain is posing a problem to our nine-member family and cattle.\"In Shiroli, two trees fell on the newly-constructed portion of a house belonging to Bhagavan Shetkar, causing his family a great deal of inconvenience. In Keri, Shiroli and Ghoteli areas, electricity services were paralyzed on Sunday.In Valpoi, a portion of a hotel collapsed after a tree came crashing down on it. The uprooted trees also disrupted transport at certain areas.In Bicholim, too, heavy rain affected people. \"On Sunday, we attended to 11 calls and on Monday our firemen attended to three calls. Most complaints were regarding trees crashing down,\" said station fire officer of Bicholim Shripad Gawas.The government has already put into service a disaster management cell to provide necessary help to the affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14256515", "title": "Size matters: Extra-wide seats for obese flyers", "text": "LONDON: The growing number of obese travellers has prompted Airbus to design extra-wide seats for its popular A320 jets, but at the expense of slim passengers.Rather than have rows of three seats, each 18-inch wide, Airbus proposes making the aisle seat 20-inch wide and reducing the width of the two others by an inch each.Aircraft manufacturer Airbus came up with the new design in response to requests from airlines who say travellers' expanding size has become a major headache.However, the move will shrink the size of ordinary economy-class seats so that each flight can still carry the same number of people, the Daily Mail reported.The new configuration would also allow airlines to impose an extra charge for the premium seats, with Airbus estimating that a \u00a36.50 fee could generate an extra \u00a32 million for each aircraft over 15 years. That could help offset the extra fuel cost required to carry overweight passengers, the report said.Airlines say the most frequent complaint is from passengers forced to sit next to an obese person who is encroaching into their space.A recent survey found half of British flyers said overweight travellers should pay more for their ticket.Nicolas Tschechne, who conducts research at Airbus, said the rising weight of flyers was \"quite dramatic\" . \"Passenger size has emerged as a core issue we need to deal with,\" he said. \"And sitting next to obese passengers is the number one complaint.\"\"Airlines are improving their margins by charging for bags, window seats and food,\" John Leahy, chief operating officer for customers at the French-based manufacturer, said. \"But what most people really want is space and that's what we can offer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14255952", "title": "Social media lauds justice Radhakrishnan", "text": "KOCHI: More than 1,000 shares; nearly 600 likes and close to 100 comments. It barely took 24 hours for Kerala high court judge Thottathil B Radhakrishnan to become one of the most talked about persons among Malayali Facebook users.Surprisingly it was not for any judgment that he became famous online on Monday, but for removing the debris near his home to clear the inundated road.The comments started pouring in with words of appreciation and recommendation to fellow Malayalis to follow suit.Ali Nadapuram, who commented sitting in his office at Doha, said the act is a lesson for all those who turn a blind eye whenever drains gets chocked or wait for government workers to come and clear the block. Pramod M K of Kozhikode stated that the judge had proved he was not one among those who sit in ivory towers and look down upon the public as mere mortals. Sankar Narayanan of Hyderabad added a final touch to the appreciations by inviting the judge to lead the people of Kerala as their chief minister.But the smooth flow took a sudden turn after the 25th comment when Basil Abraham, a Kannur resident, stated that though the effort was appreciable, doing it in front of the media had made it look like a publicity stunt. Siru Thalikkulam didn't agree. He said Radhakrishnan had set a great example for those youngsters who succumb to the fancies of white collar jobs. Though, Basil's comment found a number of supporters, most ultimately agreed on one thing - that the state needs more people like justice Radhakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251712", "title": "Light rain in city, temperature drops to 37\u00b0C", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite light showers in the early hours of Monday, the morning remained hot and muggy with the maximum humidity touching 74%. However, a perceptible change was felt in the late afternoon when a cloudy sky brought about a light fall in the day temperature. The maximum for Monday came down to 37.2 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal.\"A western disturbance is affecting north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu &amp; Kashmir. This brought about the change in weather over Delhi and some other parts of northwest India. However, the city will continue to remain hot and we do not see the impact of the disturbance lasting for more than a day or so,\" said Met department officials.The city recorded 2.1 mm rainfall till 8.30am. Other parts of the city that recorded any significant amount of rainfall included Narela with 10mm, Ayanagar with 4.5mm, Lodhi Road with 2.4mm and Ridge with 2mm rainfall. \"Till Wednesday Delhi can expect a generally cloudy sky with the possibility of light rain and thundershowers in some areas,\" said an official.Delhi, along with parts of Punjab, east Uttar Pradesh, isolated pockets of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand , north Rajasthan, Haryana and west UP had been reeling under a heat wave till Sunday. \"The heat wave will continue for some more time. There is no clarity on the onset of monsoon over Delhi either,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ cuttack", "code": "14253212", "title": "Bonai MLA may lose House membership", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ CUTTACK: Bonai legislator Bhimsen Choudhury (BJP) faces the prospect of losing his membership in the state Assembly with the Orissa high court on Monday quashing an order of Speaker Pradip Amat allowing him to continue as an MLA despite violating his party's whip in the 2010 Rajya Sabha elections.A division bench comprising Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice S K Mishra directed the Speaker to reconsider the application of BJP to disqualify Choudhury in accordance with Constitutional provisions for violating the party whip and take an appropriate decision within four weeks. The direction came while adjudicating on a petition filed by BJP legislature party secretary Karendra Majhi (Baliguda) challenging the Speaker's order not to cancel Choudhury's membership in the state legislature.\"We argued in the court that the Speaker had not applied his mind while rejecting the BJP's application seeking disqualification of Choudhary as a member of the assembly. The court favoured us by quashing the order of the Speaker and asking him to reconsider his decision,\" said the petitioner's counsel Gopal Agarwal.The Speaker said he was yet to receive a copy of the high court order and once he gets it he would act examine and act suitably.Choudhury, along with two Congress lawmakers Shibaji Majhi (Lanjigarh) and Gregory Minz (Rajgangpur), had stayed away on the polling day (June 17, 2010), ensuring BJD's Baisnab Charan Parida's victory over Opposition Congerss and BJP-backed Independent contender Tara Ranjan Pattnaik. The absence of the three MLAs had brought the election under a cloud with the ruling BJD getting accused of horse-trading.The BJP subsequently suspended Choudhury for defying the party whip, though the latter had defended his action on the ground that he did not vote because there was no BJP candidate in the fray. The BJP had moved the Speaker urging him to disqualify Choudhury from membership of the House following his suspension from the party. But Amat had rejected the application following which Majhi moved the high court. Majhi had prayed high court to quash the Speaker's rejection order and disqualify Choudhury as a member of the Assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14256303", "title": "Am used to handling bouncers, CM says", "text": "BANGALORE: Facing up to short balls, particularly that of Javagal Srinath's fiery pace, would be any batsman's nightmare. But the converse happened at the KSCA pitch on Monday. The batsman, DV Sadananda Gowda, asked the former Indian pacer to dig it in.\"Don't worry, people have been trying to bounce me out for a while now, I can handle it, so go ahead,\" the CM told Srinath, his chief host along with Anil Kumble, at the inauguration of the RC-KSCA Academy. This set the mood for the event, graced by legends like GR Viswanath, Syed Kirmani and BS Chandrashekar.The CM arrived on the dot (8.30 am) to inaugurate the new office of the academy, a significant and welcome departure from the normal late arrivals expected of political VVIPs, and something that caught a lot of people off guard. Gowda then took time out to have a look at the new real-time video-based coaching system, one the KSCA touts as the world's first such system in the game.A demonstration was laid out for the CM, and he agreed to play out a couple of deliveries, which were to be recorded and played back to him instantaneously. Walking out confidently to the middle, the area normally graced by the likes of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and company, the CM dared Srinath, who wisely handed the ball to Roger Binny, one of the vice-presidents at the KSCA. Gowda smashed the first ball delivered by the 1983 World Cup bowling hero and it almost felled one of his security men, who had obviously underestimated his boss' potential.The next ball, Binny had his revenge, bowling the CM out, but that only brought out more humour. Seeing Binny look on apologetically, an ever-smiling Gowda told him: \"Don't worry, you can get me out here, but there (in the political system) how much ever they try, they can't.\"The CM, who was to soon leave for a special session of the legislative assembly, then spent a couple of minutes with reporters.\"At one point, players from Karnataka made up half of the Indian team. I'm happy that Kumble, Srinath and others have now joined hands to help us return to the glorious days,\" said Gowda, making it clear that he appreciated the efforts being put in by the present management at the KSCA.\"You can see it's not just talk - they have actually implemented all this technology. I hope with this the academy will deliver good results,\" he added.\"I have been told that they are going to take this training to tier two cities as well. I have told them that the government would give them any support they need. They've placed a few requests with us, that they need 50 acres of land in Chikkaballapur etc. We'll help them as best we can,\" promised the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257935", "title": "Red sanders logs worth Rs 1cr seized from rice mill", "text": "CHENNAI: A police team which raided a rice mill in Tiruttani , 75 km from Chennai, seized red sanders worth Rs 1 crore. Police arrested S Dhanapal , 38, a resident of Tiruttani and launched a hunt for his two elder brothers, who absconded after the incident. Police suspect that the red sanders logs had been smuggled out of the forests.Acting on a tip-off , Tiruttani assistant superintendent of police C Vijayakumar and his team raided Saravana Rice Mill located on the Chennai-Tirupati bypass road near Tiruttani on Monday morning. \"The accused had stolen the red sanders from the forest areas in Nagari , Tirupati and Puthur in Andhra Pradesh in small quantities and smuggled them to the rice mill by concealing them under rice bags over the past six months. They were waiting for the appropriate time to smuggle out the consignment to other countries,\" Vijayakumar said.Police teams, which inspected the rice mill premises, found the logs dumped in cellars and small underground rooms. They were kept covered with rice sacks and straw. \"We are questioning Dhanapal to find out more about the smuggling route and destination ,\" the officer said.Red sanders, a protected tree species, is used to make musical instruments and also have medicinal purposes. The government has banned export of red sanders. Tiruttani police have registered a case and are searching for Dhanapal's brothers S Deivasigamani alias Mani, 48, and S Nithyanandam , 43. Mani was earlier arrested by the police for smuggling rice and was detained under the Goondas Act earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14249697", "title": "Aamir to speak in Rajya Sabha", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan has been invited to speak in the Rajya Sabha on the subject of foreign direct investment in the pharmaceutical sector. He will speak in the upper house on Thursday.The actor, whose TV serial 'Satyamev Jayate' has generated discussions on social ills across the country, had recently highlighted the lacunae in the health care system in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253123", "title": "Govt readies to tackle prawn gheries on Chilika", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is contemplating a legislation to deal with the problems caused by prawn gheris inside Chilika Lake, official sources said on Monday.At the Chilika Development Authority's (CDA) 11th governing body meeting chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik , the adverse effects of prawn gheries on the brackish water lagoon's ecosystem as well as the livelihood of fishermen living in and around the lake were discussed, official sources said.\"Prawn gheris, which are a major source of pollution inside Chilika, is a long-standing issue concerning the lake. To tackle the issue, the state government has prepared a draft Bill, which the law department is currently examining,\" a senior officer said.The government efforts in the past to enact a law to tackle various issues pertaining to Chilika had failed following opposition from different quarters. Sources said CDA has two excavators and would procure eight more such machines to remove illegal prawn ponds.Chief executive of CDA Ajit Patnaik said for sustainable management of fishery resources of Chilika the governing body was decided to increase the number of Primary Fishermen Cooperative Societies (PFCS) receiving financial assistance through the Chilika Fishermen Central Cooperative Society Limited from 16 to 40 this fiscal. The assistance amount would be hiked from Rs 1.6 crore to Rs four crore, he said. There are 104 registered PFCS in Chilika Lake. \"All PFCS's who availed financial assistance are back on functional track with excellent financial performances. They are paying back installments regularly and have started marketing their produce efficiently,\" Patnaik added.Further, it was decided to give 3,500 insulated ice-boxes to fishermen of Chilika as distribution of such boxes last year had helped fetch better money on their catch to the beneficiaries. During 2011-12, fish landing stood at 14,222 metric ton (worth an estimated Rs 143 crore), an all-time record for Chilika, official sources said.Patnaik said Rs five crore to Rs six crore would be spent for upgradation of infrastructure of important landing centres to ensure hygienic handling, maintenance of cold chain, etc. \"Upgraded infrastructure would help us forward a proposal for certification of fish of Chilika,\" he informed.He further said plans are afoot to deploy sensors, which would telemetrically transmit data to the CDA's research centre on real-time basis every 15 minutes, at an expenditure of Rs 3.21 crore at 10 strategic locations. \"Chilika would be the first lake in Asia to go for such state-of- the-art hi-tech lake monitoring system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14250285", "title": "Agri materials worth Rs 10 lakh seized", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The state agriculture department seized seeds, fertilizers, pesticides and other agriculture materials collectively worth around Rs 10 lakh from 25 agro dealers in the district.District superintending agriculture officer, AM Kuril said, \"The flying squad made surprise inspection of agro dealers in the district in last two days. Action was taken against 25 dealers for different kinds of irregularities and they were ordered to stop sale till further orders.\"\"In some cases stock registers were poorly maintained, while in other instances stock was not shown properly in the registers. Some of the dealers had not displayed the available products at their shops. Proper action was taken against them and detailed records have been summoned for inspection,\" he said.He said that such surprise checks will continue all through kharif season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251187", "title": "'Hubby killer' woman tries to mislead police", "text": "MUMBAI: The claims of an ayurveda doctor from Borivli, who said her husband died of a fall after getting an electric shock, appeared suspicious to the police when marks indicating signs of a struggle were spotted on her body. On Sunday, the 45-year-old doctor, Pradnya Bhattacharya, was arrested on charges of murdering her husband, Tushar (46).Senior officials said an inebriated Tushar reportedly insisted on having sex with Pradnya on Thursday night, which she refused to do. An altercation followed and matters soon took an ugly turn, with the woman allegedly strangulating her husband.The police are banking on the statement of the couple's 18-year-old daughter, who locked herself up in a room at the time of the incident.Pradnya had been assisting a physician in his clinic for a while. She moved into a rented apartment (in pic) not very far from the clinic in Rokadia Lane with her family a few months ago. Tushar worked as a mandap decorator. The couple had a love marriage nearly two decades ago.According to the police, the couple fought regularly as Tushar was reportedly eating into Pradnya's savings. She told the police that her husband tried to strangle her and, in defence, she pushed him away. Tushar fell backwards but he grabbed her feet and dragged her along. \"Pradnya flung a stool at him so that he would let her go. Tushar sustained head injuries in the process. Pradnya, who said she feared for her life, then strangled her husband with a piece of thick cloth,\" said inspector Ashok Gajbhiye.Early on Friday, Pradnya called a colleague to her house saying her husband got an electric shock while repairing a fan and fell from a height of 8-10 ft. The doctor examined Tushar and called an ambulance. Tushar was taken to Bhagwati Hospital where he was declared dead. The hospital staff then informed the police. \"The post-mortem reports showed that Tushar was strangled as ligature marks were found on his neck. There was also a skull fracture and an injury behind his ears, suggesting it was a case of homicide. We also noticed Pradnya had scratches on her neck and hands, as well as a contusion on her head,\" Gajbhiye said.Pradnya kept changing her statements. \"By Saturday, she admitted to have murdered her husband,\" an officer said.Pradnya was remanded in police custody till June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263498", "title": "Samrudhhi to make a movie on Dr. Amte", "text": "The National Award Winning director for her debut 'Mala Aai Vhayachaya', Samrudhhi Porey, is set to win the hearts by making few more inspiring movies. Samrudhhi is all set to make a movie dedicated and inspired by the life of Dr. Prakash Amte, a social worker who strives for the development of tribes.After her debut movie, audience have a higher expectation from her and she is determined to live up to their expectations. She wanted to make a movie which also has a social message and thus decided upon making a movie on Dr. Amte's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14245103", "title": "Indian government needs to give more incentives to players: Ti Chen", "text": "BANGALORE: Chinese Taipei tennis player Ti Chen is no stranger to India. \"I've come to India many times, at least once a year for the past nine years. My favourite surface is hard court, which is why I come here,\" he smiles.Chen is ranked 282 in the world, but he was the top-seeded player at a men's tournament that was held in the city recently. And he seemed at ease with the other players in the tournament, seeing that most of them were Indian and he's interacted with other players from India as well.\"Yuki's (Bhambri) doing well actually. And I've done a few hot yoga sessions with Somdev (Devvarman),\" he says. What does Chen think of the tennis scene in India? \"Indian players are good and they're working hard. But when I meet some of them, I ask them why they're not playing more tournaments and they say they don't have the money.\"This is in stark contrast to Chen's home country, where they get sponsors to fund tennis, an infamously expensive sport. \"It helps so much to have sponsors. You can't travel if you don't have sponsors. You also need a coach, a fitness coach, etc. -- it's expensive. The Indian government needs to give more incentives to players to encourage them to take up the game,\" he says.When he's not on tour, Chen likes to do things that help him relax. \"I go trekking, or do anything that brings me close to nature, someplace quiet.\" He says that this trip to India has been a particularly good one because he has found a good yoga teacher here. \"This time, I've had a great experience. I met a yoga teacher here and meditated with her for a few days. It's real yoga here,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254337", "title": "Collector steps in to help ST student get certificates", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the past three months V Ashok Kumar, a native of Kondanurpudur in Annaikatti near Coimbatore has been making rounds of the Thasildar office to get his community certificate.Coming from a scheduled tribe Hindu Irula, he has been trying for the community certificate as it would help him to get admission in the college and get other benefits. However he is yet to receive the certificate and has been sent back empty handed every time after meeting the officials.With no resort coming from the Tahsildar's office, Ashok Kumar and 10 other youngsters from the same village approached the Collector M Karunagaran on Monday demanding immediate issuance of certificates. They alleged that many people in the village are yet to receive the community certificate from the officials, which would have helped them to receive the government benefits.\"I am planning to join the graduation course in one of the colleges in Perur. The certificate would help me get admission and scholarship for pursuing higher studies. However without it I might have to compete with other students for admission and have to pay higher fees,\" Ashok said.\"The officials say the certificate will be issued only after inspecting the place and confirming the address proof,\" Ashok said adding that till now none of the officials have turned up.Meanwhile for another student, T Deepa, pursuing her degree from a private college in Erode, it has been three years since her parents tried to get the certificates issued however the officials have not taken any action to issue the certificate.\"My father is a labourer and in the absence of a community certificate I am forced to pay huge fees in the college to continue the course. I have applied for another course in Coimbatore as it is getting difficult to pay the fees. However the college is not ready to give the transfer certificate unless I pay the three years course fee together,\" she added.District Collector M Karunagaran who heard the petition directed the district revenue officer to immediately look into the matter and issue the certificate to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "14253506", "title": "Hit by dry spell, farmers pray for urgent monsoon", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: A dry spell in the district has affected pulses, oil seeds and commercial crops, said farmers in plain parts of the district. The matter was vouched by the agriculture department and estimates that 25 percent of the crops have been damaged by it.Monsoon rains which started on a hopeful note has weakened and vanished since May 31 over the district. With the continuing heat, the drought situation may be aggravated in the district. Farmers are distressed as the pulses have started withering due to paucity of rain.According to agricultural office sources, crops like black gram, sesame, green gram, cowpea, sunflower, groundnut, Bengal gram and avare, which are sown in the last week of April and first week of May, urgently need the necessary showers. However, monsoons, which is playing truant, has started to worry the farmers.Speaking to TOI, district agriculture officer Lokeshappa said since May 31 there had been no rain in the district, severe heat has started affecting their sprouted crops. If rains got delayed by another week, 50 percent of the crop will be destroyed and the loss will be extensive.Lokeshappa said the sowing of major crops like paddy in the Malnad parts and ragi, the staple food of plain parts, has not yet started. He added that these two crops, which occupy more than 70 percent of the area, will be sown in the month of July and August. However, the preparation of nursery beds for paddy transplantation should have started by now, but due to delay in monsoons the work has not started.A sudden stop in the rains has caused worry to coffee planters. The borer menace in arabica coffee plantations and lately the green bug problem has started increasing. Planters said if the dry weather continues for another one week then losses can be expected.Rain statistics reveal that the amount of rainfall from January till date has been below normal in most taluks. Chikmagalur taluk, which should have received 310 mm rain, has received 213 mm of rain. The rain water levels were 165-140 mm in Kadur, 286-229 mm in Tarikere taluk, 1086-430 mm in Mudigere taluk, 705-190 mm in Koppa taluk, 1132-244 mm in Sringeri taluk and 435-270 mm in Narasimharajapur taluk.In many parts of the district, several farmers have started to appease the rain god. Farmers are frequently visiting Rushyashrunga, located in Kigga in Sringeri taluk, and praying to bring more rain to their perched lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255728", "title": "Absence of advanced locality managements hits most-vulnerable Kurla", "text": "MUMBAI: Kurla (W) in L ward, which, according to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's premonsoon survey, has emerged as the most vulnerable spot for the monsoons in the city, functions sans advanced locality managements (ALMs) or citizen groups. An ALM is a conglomeration of housing societies, where residents , along with the civic body, tackle civic issues.Kurla has 16 flood-prone areas, 13 seafront settlements and 94 dilapidated buildings. Its proximity to the Mithi river makes it prone to flooding too.\"The river is adjacent to our ward and the central agency monitors and observes its rise from Kranti Nagar,\" said Harshad Kale, assistant commissioner , L ward. \"We are alerted whenever the river floods. But unfortunately , there are no active ALMs in Kurla to help during the monsoon ,\" he said.Kale said even if standard operating procedures are in place, a major disadvantage was the absence of ALMs.The control room has a technical officer along with a mukadam and five to six labourers.Depending on the gravity of the situation, junior engineers from maintenance and the building &amp; factories departments work in shifts and take remedial action. \"During heavy rain, junior engineers work in shifts. After being on night shift, they take a compensatory off the next day as we cannot expect them to report to work. If there is heavy rainfall the next day, ALM members can take over and inform us about pothole-affected roads, tree-falling incidents, flooding or any other eventuality. We can send our officials immediately to solve the problem,\" said Kale.Kale said that when ALMs can play a vital role in detecting problems , the ward officials can respond better.Kale claimed all major and minor nullahs have been desilted and many trees have been pruned in the area.\"We have installed pumps in 15 locations, mainly near Kajurpada and Kulra (W) station, after consulting corporators. We have a control agency in place too,\" said Kale.Worst affectedKurla has 16 flood-prone areas, 13 seafront settlements and 94 dilapidated buildings Mithi river near Kranti Nagar is a flood-prone spot. Culverts were 27m wide, but Airport Authority of India has added two culverts with a width of 51m BMC claims it has desilted major and minor nullahs, pruned dangerous trees and installed pumps at 15 locations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261036", "title": "Law options in Delhi University", "text": "Aspirants seeking admission to law at the undergraduate and postgraduate level, have a range of options to specialise in. Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe way legal studies used to be perceived traditionally has changed in the last few years with the emergence of new areas of study within the discipline. The demand for legal services in areas like healthcare, intellectual property, venture capital, energy and environmental law has brought about a sea-change in the way aspiring students look at law as a career.The admission season is on and students aspiring to study law in both the undergraduate integrated programme or at the postgraduate level, will be rushing to universities offering these courses.The Faculty of Law, Delhi University , offers law at the postgraduate level, which is a three-year programme. According to J L Kaul, professor-in-charge, Campus Law Centre (CLC), DU, law as a discipline as well as a career is no more the old-school kind. Today, the field is growing with various specialisations and with global exposure. Also, law as a profession has matured in the country with increased corporatisation. India, over the years, has opened to foreign investment, which has made space for legal professionals in that area. All these factors contribute to the rise in competition for admission to law schools.\"We have in total 2,500 seats for the three law centres at the faculty, to which about 8,000-9,0000 students apply every year through an entrance test conducted by the university,\" says Kaul.Further, he says, the discipline is taught under the semester mode. A number of new papers, including environmental law, human rights, gender justice and international trade law have been included in the curriculum recently, as they are emerging fields in this sector.\"The popular fields of specialisation among students, nowadays, include cyber law, corporate law, environmental law, international trade law and human rights law. There is a high demand for corporate lawyers across the globe as legal outsourcing has also increased tremendously,\" he says.Students can have good career prospects in the field as they can work in corporate companies, law firms, government agencies, practice judiciary etc.\"For the last couple of years, placement on campus has been progressing, with a good number of students recruited by corporate houses, MNCs, law firms, government agencies like ONGC, international publishers and even NGOs,\" adds Kaul. While DU offers a three-year law programme, Jamia Millia Islamia, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) and National Law University, Delhi (NLUD), offer a five-year, BA LLB (H) integrated programme, which is a popular trend among students for the last few years.According to Rose Varghese, dean, faculty of law, Jamia Millia Islamia, law as a profession has grown due to globalisation and the corporate world. Today, no organisation or industry can exist without a legal division.\"We have a total of 80 seats in the five-year BA LLB programme offered by the faculty, to which we receive around 3,000-5,000 applications every year. Since in the five-year programme, students are fresh out of school, they are receptive and curious, which is an advantage as they want to know more and can be moulded into the discipline well,\" she adds.According to Suman Gupta, dean, school of law and legal studies, GGSIPU, more students are joining the integrated law course as it offersspecialisations in the discipline. Legal education has many connotations, and a good job offer is one of the factors that drive students.\"Fields like cyber law, cyber crime, environment and industry law are popular among students. However, many go for civil services or judicial practice as well. Last year, we introduced two new papers in the curriculum \u2014 cyber law and crime; and intellectual and industry property law. While the first semester is common, from second semester onwards students can choose from the various specialisation papers,\" says Gupta.According to Ranbir Singh, vice-chancellor, NLUD, \"We have students from about 19 states studying here. Out of the total 80 seats, 20 are meant for Delhi students and 10 seats are reserved for foreign students. The rest of the seats are meant for students from other states.\" He says, \"Popular courses among students include intellectual property rights, environmental law, securities, capital market law, corporate law, human rights, and labour and development law.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261441", "title": "Spoilt for Choice", "text": "As the admission season closes in, institutes offer offbeat courses to students looking for vocations beyond traditional career choices, Education Times finds outMicro specialisation, cut-throat competition and multiple course options offer the new generation of graduates a range of career choices beyond traditional options. Following their class XII boards, an increasing number of students are opting for specialised courses that focus on developing specific skill-sets for emerging careers in various sectors.RETAILIndia is considered as one of the top 10 rising retail markets in the world. As a fast growing industry, there is a demand for nearly 3.25 million trained professionals in this field, both in India and abroad. Aspirants in this sector can consider pursuing Bachelor of Business Administration (retail marketing) as an option.The BBA programme charts the basics of retail as a business along with an in-depth study of retail marketing. The curriculum, spread over six semesters, covers topics such as business organisation, organisational behaviour, business economics, business mathematics, business statistics, accounting, financial management, business computing entrepreneurship and venture management, retail branding and retail automation. Students take up projects in stores, as part of the curriculum, for a real-life feel and a hands-on experience in retail marketing.Successful BBA graduates can pursue jobs in supply chains, departmental stores, supermarkets, multinational companies, advertising agencies, etc. Retail managers are required in manufacturing companies as well and are also hired by companies such as insurance and banking to sell their commodities directly to customers. They are also absorbed in the education and healthcare sectors. Those with a BBA in retail management, use their skills to see that organisations run smoothly and profitably along with providing a safe and healthy working environment.ENTERTAINMENTThe 2011 FICCI- KPMG report states that the media and entertainment industry is expected to grow steadily over the next five years and that the industry is looking at tapping newer target segments, geographies and mediums, while tapping the potential of the existing ones. Entertainment today has gone beyond the traditional modes of entertainment \u2014 radio, television, theatre \u2014 to incorporate newer forms of technologies. Given the average Indian's cultural affinity for entertainment, the live entertainment industry is one such area that is growing at a fast pace and opening up job opportunities for people from different backgrounds.Freshers entering the industry have many job opportunities in technical as well as non-technical areas. Technical jobs for freshers include video, audio and light engineering, among others, and non-technical jobs include stage crew to manage stage co-ordination during an event, make-up and costumes, department sales and marketing, human resource, finance, engineering and housekeeping. In these departments, internships are provided to students for a maximum eight weeks. Steward/hostess (food &amp; beverage department), guest relation co-ordinators /executives are all a part of the live entertainment industry. Getting into the industry is easy as it has a place for everyone. People with no prior experience are encouraged.DESIGNINGThe field of designing opens doors to various specialisations such as animation, interior designing, product designing, web designing, graphic designing, etc. Each specialisation can be a promising career option for talented and creative individuals. For instance, according to recent reports, the Indian animation industry is poised to grow by about 23%, while the Indian gaming industry is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 32% by 2014. Both industries are likely to provide ample job options.A strong sense of aesthetics, innovation, drawing and fine arts are some of the key skills that an aspirant in this field must possess. Various institutes across the country offer courses in designing. Degree courses such as Bachelor's in Fine Art, Bachelor's in Architecture, BSc (interior design), Bachelor's in Design (animation), BFTech (apparel production), BA in graphic design, etc, are offered by institutes such as JJ School of Arts, National Institute of Design and National Institute of Fashion Technology, to name a few.PHARMACY", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14255842", "title": "2-yr-old orphan gets hearing, foster care", "text": "MUMBAI: Chirpy and playful two-year-old Vidya gave away little about her hard life as she waited to be discharged from Parel's KEM Hospital, to make a new beginning in the city of dreams.About nine months back, when the orphaned girl was all set to get a new family, her hearing impairment came to light during mandatory preadoption tests. The family stalled the adoption and refused to take home a differently-abled child. After being abandoned twice, the orphanage in Jalgaon, her house since birth, lost all hope of finding Vidya a home. But hope arrived within a few weeks when a Mumbai couple , who were in the middle of their paperwork to adopt a girl child, learnt about Vidya. They showed their willingness to take care of Vidya's treatment and eventual rehabilitation into the mainstream . The couple got social worker Amit Thanvi, associated with an NGO, Tarang Life Care Foundation, to take charge of her treatment.After speech therapy sessions at Jalgaon, Vidya came to Mumbai to get her condition diagnosed at KEM Hospital . She was diagnosed with complete loss of hearing, and worse, a condition that could be treated only by an expensive implant surgery costing over Rs 5 lakh. But, funds started pouring in for Vidya.Thanvi said he made appeals though the foundation, and social networking sites and managed to gather about Rs 5.48 lakh between December last year and April this year. The couple too was quietly filling up scores of forms and finishing paperwork to be able to provide Vidya foster care legally after the surgery. The approval came in May.Associate professor at the ENT department Dr Hetal Marfatia Patel, who along with associate professor Neelam Sathe and resident doctors aided Vidya's treatment , said, \"She needs extensive speech therapy now and full-time attention that only a family can provide,\" she said.On Monday, Vidya went home to her foster parents, who have appointed a qualified teacher to look after her during her treatment and stay in the city. The family did not wish to be identified. Dean Dr Sanjay Oak said such surgeries should be encouraged. \"It is noble that people are coming forward to help,\" he said.Sounds of a new beginningAPR 2010 |Vidya is sent to the orphanage in Jalgaon a few days after birthSEPT 2011 |A couple backs out of adoption on learning she is hearing impairedDEC 2011 |Vidya comes to KEM where she is diagnosed with complete loss of hearingMAY 2012 |A Mumbai couple complete the procedure for foster care and final go-ahead for the surgery is givenJUNE 15, 2012 |Vidya undergoes the two-hour long cochlear implant surgery at KEM Hospital, is discharged three days laterVidya's conditionVidya had complete hearing loss in both ears She could start talking after a year, but may have to continue the therapy for long Vidya can now be given up for adoption Doctors at KEM Hospital and Tarang Foundation are ready to take care of her medical expenses if anyone comes forward to adopt herWhat is cochlear implant?An implant put in surgically to provide a sense of sound Even basic implants cost over Rs 5 lakh KEM and Nair Hospitals have been performing the implant surgery, Sion has started it very recently Children need rigorous speech therapy and postoperative care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "14250797", "title": "2 women robbers held", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Police busted two woman robbers from Maharashtra on Monday when they were trying to dispose of stolen jewellery here. Police recovered 37 tolas of gold ornaments worth Rs 11 lakh from the arrested women.District SP Vikramjit Duggal said the cops detained Saida, 27, when she was trying to dispose of the ornaments at Gandhi Gunj area and recovered four tolas of gold from her.When questioned, she spilled the beans about her modus operandi. Based on her confession, cops arrested another woman Sajeeda, 25, and recovered 33 tolas of gold. While Sajeeda is a resident of Kamalapura in Malegaon, Saida belongs to Nasik district's Khonurphool.Duggal said so far they have committed six robberies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14262316", "title": "Chandigarh doctors condemn Aamir Khan's show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the allegations of doctors being hand in gloves with pharma and other companies showed in a popular TV show, the Indian Medical Association of Chandigarh have vehemently condemned Aamir Khan's take in the show. But this has also brought to light the divide between government and private doctors. Private doctors have opposed the allegation, while some of the government doctors agree to the existence of black sheeps. Recently the parliamentary committee has invited Khan to share his findings.\"There was a biased opinion about the doctor community. While there were allegations, the two versions were not documented. In one of the cases it was shown that a doctor had wrongly performed kidney transplant and only the patient was called. This cannot be taken as a balanced approach,\" said Dr R S Bedi, president of the IMA, Chandigarh branch.Sharing the sentiments, Dr Ritambra Bhalla, city based gynaecologist said, \"Is there any profession which is away from corruption? And when it was pointed out that there are paid seats for admission, it should be known to all that these medical colleges are run by mantris. So why blame only the doctors? Also, one cannot generalise that the entire profession is ignorant to the suffering and the focus is only on money making. This was to add spice to the show and increase the TRP.\"Agreeing that there are cuts and commissions for referring a particular test or prescribing some branded medicines, Dr Dheeraj Khurana, neurologist at PGI said, \"I do not think there is anything wrong highlighted. Most of the private practitioners have been into this malpractice for long now.\"With everything getting commercialized, this profession has become a money minting exercise for some of the doctors. As Dr Yashpaul Sharma, head of the cardiology department in the PGI said, \"When we were resident doctors we used to shell out money from our own small earning for poor patients. But this is not so familiar these days. However there is a small number of such corrupt doctors and the government must act stringently to penalise them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252618", "title": "Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences holds workshop on iodine estimation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences in association with Unicef and department of science and technology, Government of India, organised a two-day workshop-cum-training programme for salt iodine content estimation. The purpose of this programme was to augment human resource development for estimation of iodine content of dibble salt.MA Ansari, salt commissioner to Government of India, who was the chief guest on the occasion, in his inaugural address lamented that there is less than satisfactory coverage of Universal Salt Iodisation (USI) cells in Uttar Pradesh and also the lack of trained manpower to analyse the iodine content of salt. He appreciated the fact that tertiary care institution like SGPGIMS has taken upon itself the responsibility to impart such training and expressed satisfaction with built-in quality assurance and quality control measures in this workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14263585", "title": "Pashto singer Ghazala Javed and her father shot dead in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Well-known Pashto singer Ghazala Javed and her father were shot and killed by unidentified men in Peshawar city of northwest Pakistan, police said.The men fired indiscriminately at Javed and her father Mohammad Javed while she was leaving a beauty parlour at the busy Mohallah Nau in Dabgari Bazar last night, the singer's relatives told police.The singer's younger sister, Farhat Bibi, escaped unhurt. The attackers, who were riding motorcycles, escaped after the shooting.Police officials told the media that they were ascertaining details of the attack to establish who was behind the crime. They said the singer's relatives had not asked police to file charges against anyone as yet.In recent years, several singers and musicians in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province have been gunned down by the local Taliban, who have declared music \"un-Islamic\".Several musicians have fled the northwest after receiving threats from the militants.Police are also looking at the possibility that Javed's death was linked to differences with her husband.Javed married Jehangir Khan, a native of Peshawar, some two years ago.Last year, differences emerged between the couple and she left her husband's home and began living with her father.Javed, who belonged to the erstwhile Taliban stronghold of Swat Valley, had filed a suit for the dissolution of her marriage, media reports said.The singer rose to prominence after performing on state- run PTV and her audio and video albums were popular both in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and among Pashto people living in the Middle East.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252831", "title": "IG suspends 2 Lucknow cops, orders probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police led by district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey nabbed the miscreant, who allegedly threw acid on a sales girl in Alambagh area late on Sunday evening. The miscreant was identified as Mohd Hasnain alias Faiz, a resident of Natkheda Road in Alambagh area. The IG had suspended inspector Alambagh KN Singh for adopting lackadaisical approach in handling such a sensitive case and keeping the information with regards to the incident under wraps even from senior officials and control room.On Sunday night, miscreants threw acid on a sales girl who was returning home after day's work at a nearby showroom. The girl with severe burn injuries was rushed to hospital where she is undergoing treatment.However, the information to the IG only reached through mediapersons that too after over an hour.Understanding the sensitive nature of the crime, the IG swung into action and reached Shushrut Institute of Plastic Surgery and started preliminary investigation into the matter. While talking to family members of the girl, the IG came to know about Mohd Hasnain, who allegedly had ditched the girl, but wanted to continue relations with her.The IG then reached Alambagh police station late in the night and directed the officials to conduct raid on the house of the accused. The police then nabbed Mohd Hasnain, who according to Pandey confessed his involvement.Annoyed over the laxity shown by the inspector, the IG ordered an inquiry into the matter to the circle officer Alambagh. After finding him prima-facie guilty of laxity as per the report, the IG ordered for the suspension of inspector Alambagh.The IG also suspended SO, Jankipuram Naradmuni Singh for allegedly conniving with a person who trying to grab a piece of land. \"In both the cases a detailed inquiry has been ordered,\" the IG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264818", "title": "Suriya confirms Gautham's film", "text": "While there were reports earlier about the actor replacing Ajith in Gautham Vasudev Menon's Thuppariyum Anandhan, Gautham's studio and the actor have now officially confirmed the news.Suriya is all set to don a detective's cap after Singham 2 with Gautham Vasudev Menon's Photon Kathaas Productions for Thuppariyum Anandhan . Gautham will direct the film after he completes Yohan with Vijay.Suriya says, \"When Gautham and I come together, people expect romance, great songs and action.Thuppariyum Anandhan will offer the audience all this and so much more, packaged in a style never seen before.\"Gautham says, \"I am really excited that Suriya has come on board to do Thuppariyum Anandhan with me. This will be an action adventure in a contemporary styled period film. All cliches associated with making a period film will be broken with this effort.\"The production sources reveal that Thuppariyum Anandhan is likely to start filming in early 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14251989", "title": "Five bikes stolen across Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Five bikes have been reported stolen from different parts of the city. A TVS Scooty worth Rs 25,000 was stolen between 10.30 am and 1.30pm from KTHM college, according to a complaint filed with Sarkarwada police.A Hero Honda Splendor worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen from Dhruvnagar, Gangapur Road, on June 15 between 2.30pm and 4.30pm. Deepak Jadhav lodged a complaint over the theft with Gangapur police.A Bajaj Boxer worth Rs 15,000 got stolen from Datta Nagar, Ambad. The complainant Ajay Nikam said the bike was parked by his house on Saturday night and was missing the following morning.A Bajaj Pulsar worth Rs 30,000 was reported stolen on the night of June 6 from Lok Sangam society, Pandav Nagari. A Hero Honda Passion worth Rs 30,000 got stolen when parked in front of Siddhi Vinayak Shop along Jail Road. The bike was parked at the said location at 5pm on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262557", "title": "Anurag Kashyap signs Gattu\u2019s child artist", "text": "Child artist Mohammad Samad who will be soon seen in the critically acclaimed film Gattu has been signed by Anurag Kashyap.He is the boy wonder from the small town of Roorkee, Uttarakand who bagged the lead role in the Children's Film Society, India film Gattu by being the best out of 300 and more kids. For Mohammad Samad (Gattu), director Rajan Khosa changed the story to fit his personality. And now filmmaker Anurag Kashyap has got charmed by the little one.The 11-years-old bagged a role in Anurag Kashyap Production's next, Minto, directed by Slok who was Anurag's assistant. Anurag saw the promo of the movie Gattu and immediately wanted to meet the kid. \"He just wanted Samad for the role of this naughty kid from Ahmedabad. Samad was specially called to Mumbai from Roorkee to give a screen test to Anurag. The filmmaker took care of the stay and tickets of the kid and his father,\" says a source close to the film.Nawazuddin Siddiqi will play the lead role in this movie. Director of Samad's first movie Rajan Khosa who is taking the film to Edinburgh Film Festival, is very happy for him. \"Samad is like Sridevi when she used to be a child artist. Camera loves him and he is a natural in front of it. He acts with an ease that makes working with this kid easy,\" says Rajan.CFSI's chairperson, Nandita Das seconds Rajan's feeling. \"We are already very proud of our film Gattu and we love how Samad has worked in this film. He is a bright child and I know for a fact that he will do brilliantly wherever he goes and whatever he does,\" says Nandita. Gattu will release in India on July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14253007", "title": "Polytechnic teachers protest", "text": "HUBLI: Polytechnic teachers affiliated to the Karnataka Aided Polytechnic Association went on strike in Hubli on Monday demanding fulfillment of their long pending demands.More than 400 polytechnic teachers from 16 aided polytechnics from Gadag, Belgaum, Kumta, Dharwad, Hospet and other parts of north Karnataka boycotted valuation of answer papers of various diploma courses and took part in the strike.The protesters demanded 100 per cent grant for their polytechnics instead of 85 per cent. They said the staff is not getting salary on time and demanded the government solve the problem. The went in a procession to the nodal office and submitted a memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14250968", "title": "Cotton tree crashes down on building", "text": "VASCO: Out of the nine calls the fire and emergency services at Vasco attended to on Sunday morning, eight were tree-falling complaints and one of a wall-collapse, said Francisco Mendes, station fire officer, Vasco. Even though the city was spared from flooding, the trees disrupted traffic.A huge cotton tree came crashing down on a three-storeyed building in Mangor Hill opposite SBI on Sunday morning. Almost all the windows of the flats housed in the building were destroyed.Meanwhile, a retaining wall collapsed in the parking lot of a building in Mangor behind the Mahalaxmi temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250222", "title": "Integrated air traffic control to save time, fuel", "text": "NAGPUR: India is following the path of developed countries and interlinking the air traffic control (ATC) systems that will enable Airport Authority of India (AAI) to manage air traffic through only six or seven centres. At present the number is 38.The integrated ATC network, also called 'Single Sky System', will reduce flight time, aviation turbine fuel (ATF) consumption, and greenhouse gas emissions. It will also reduce distances as aircraft will not have to overfly airports where they do not land. For example, the Nagpur-New Delhi flight has to overfly Bhopal and Gwalior airports and that increases the distance causing unnecessary increase in fuel consumption and emission of greenhouse gases.United States is an example of how state-of-the-art technology improves air traffic management. The country's geographical area is more than 2.5 times that of India. The number of domestic and international flights is also far higher. In 2008, US airlines collectively carried 81 crore passengers while India's figure was around three crore. The figure will rise to five crores by 2015. In spite of this, US has only 21 ATC centres.Nagpur airport director A K Verma said that the Indra automation radar, which was commissioned in Nagpur in January, was being installed in 37 more airports in the country. \"Earlier, the radars were localized and had a smaller range. For example, Nagpur ATC guided flights only in a 250 km radius. The pilots flying long distance flights had to contact several ATCs along the way. For example a flight from Chennai to New Delhi was guided by Chennai, Hyderabad, Nagpur, Bhopal, Gwalior and New Delhi ATCs. Now the range of Nagpur ATC has increased to 1,100 km and it has been integrated with Hyderabad, Bhopal, Ahmedabad and Jharsuguda ATCs,\" he said.Officer on special duty (OSD) Shafique Shah said the new Spanish ATC system in Nagpur cost Rs 1.5 crore but would save 1.28 crore litres ATF this year. Going by the fuel's average price, this may translate into a saving of around Rs 100 crore. The carbon dioxide emission will also be lower by 3.28 crore kg. The aircraft passing through jurisdiction of Nagpur ATC will fly 9.435 lakh km less due to better control in skies. \"The new system is a kind of expressway in the sky.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252411", "title": "Hell breaks loose after counter opens 2 hrs late", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was complete chaos at the form counters for non-collegiate aspirants at the Art's Faculty in the North Campus on Monday.There was a huge rush of students at the non-collegiate counters and to make matters worse there were no forms available which resulted in delay in opening of the counters.Serpentine queues were witnessed and confusion prevailed among those who came to collect and submit forms because of the rush adjacent counters as well.\"The scheduled time for the counter to open was 10 am and the university decided to open it at 9:30 am to beat the rush. But the counter actually opened at 11 am,\" said a frustrated aspirant.Although there were security personnel in place, but they failed to bring order till 1 pm. The reason stated by security guards trying to manage the queue was that the forms went out of stock. The officials refused to talk to media when asked for the reason.Aspirants and their parents queuing at the counter could be seen arguing with each other and tempers flying as many tried to break the order adding to their misery of standing for hours in the scorching heat.\"I have been standing since 9:30 am and the counter is still closed. The security guards are unable to manage the rush and people are breaking in the queue,\" said Gaurav Maheshwari, who had to get a form for his sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263006", "title": "SIIMA will have special juries", "text": "The South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA) function will be held on June 21 and 22 at Dubai . Being the first of its kind for the South Indian movie industries, movies from Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam will participate.Special juries have been appointed for South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA). Some of the special juries include, Telugu film producer Shyam Prasad Reddy, Kannada film producer K. Manchu, film journalist Malathi Rangarajan, actors Kushboo, Poornima Bhagyaraj, Bharathi Vishnuvardhan, Lissy Priyadarshan , director/actor Pratap Pothen and director Sidique. Awards will be conferred under 19 categories of which, fans will be casting their votes on the favorites logging on to net (www.siima.in). The votings will be then adjudged by the special juries and the winners of the awards will be announced thereafter. The function which is planned on a lerge scale, will have its glitz and glamour with entertainment and cultural programme by the leading artistes of South India.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14256852", "title": "Kumbh Mela\u2019s first Shahi Snan to be held on Jan 14", "text": "ALLAHABAD: This was decided in a meeting of the saints and seers of the 13 Akharas with the administration held under the chairmanship of divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi.The first Shahi Snan of the Kumbh Mela-2013 would be held on January 14,2013 ( Makar Sakaranti). The second Shahi Snan would be held on February 10,2013 ( Mauni Amavasya), while the third Shahi Snan would be on February 15 ( Basant Panchami).Addressing the meeting, divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi sought the co-operation of saints and seers of the various Akharas for making the Mahahakumbh a grand success. He said that crores of people are expected to come to the Kumbh Mela. Various seers of the Akharas who participated in the meeting suggested that officers of all the departments involved in making mela preparations should ensure that arrangements for all the works should be completed before the start of the Mahakumbh. This would ensure that pilgrims thronging the Kumbh Mela should not face any problem.The seers of the akaharas urged the mela administration to ensure proper infrastructure for the pilgrims, which include making arrangements of electricity, water supply and proper cleanliness. Further, arrangements of food and security should be provided to them. They also urged that it should be ensured that all the arrangements have been completed before the arrival of the various Akharas in the mela area.The divisional commissioner assured that the various suggestions that have been given by the Akharas would be looked into and all the problems would be solved. He said that efforts would be made for completing all the works before the onset of Mahakumbh. The seers also alerted the administration for making the river Ganga pollution free and more water should be released into the river. \"Arrangements should be made that the sewer water does not fall into the river. It should be ensured that pilgrims do not face any kind of problem and proper arrangements of resting of the pilgrims should be made during the night,\" they said. During the meeting, SSP of Kumbh Mela informed that during the mela police would behave courteously the pilgrims and in this connection. Training is also being imparted to them. However, the tough ones would be severely dealt and no compromise on the security of the pilgrims would be made. He assured the seers and saints that proper arrangements of security would be provided to the pilgrims.District magistrate Anil Kumar informed that full coordination of the district administration with the mela administration would be made, so that proper facilities could be provided to the pilgrims. During the meeting, district magistrate Anil Kumar, SSP Kumbh Mela Mohit Agarwal, SSP Allahabad Naveen Arora, Mela officer Mani Prasad Mishra, saints and seers of the 13 Akharas were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14256085", "title": "Parents submit petition against aided schools collecting exorbitant fees", "text": "MADURAI: Aided schools in the district have been accused by parents of collecting exorbitant fees, disregarding the amount fixed by the state government. S Sivakumar and C Sethuraman from Tiruparankundram submitted two petitions to district collector, Anshul Mishra on the public grievance day meeting on Monday. They stated that St Charles Girls Higher Secondary School in Tiruvalluvar Nagar and Harveypatti High School in Harveypatti where their wards are studying, collected exorbitant fees.The parents mentioned that as per government norms, aided schools have to collect Rs 50 for the Tamil medium and Rs 250 for the English medium. However, St Charles School claimed Rs 3,500 from Sivakumar for his daughter studying in the eighth standard in the English medium while the Harveypatti High School demanded Rs 7,000 each from Sivakumar and Sethuraman for their sons studying in the seventh and ninth standards respectively. The parents pleaded the intervention of the district administration stating that they were unable to pay the huge amount as they came from poor backgrounds.Talking to media persons after submitting the petitions, Sivakumar and Sethuraman said that the schools were collecting these fees without any receipts. \"When we pointed out the government stipulated fees, the school authorities asked us to withdraw our children from the schools and admit them somewhere else,\" they said. Interestingly, Sivakumar had given an RTI application asking for the fee structure in St Charles School last year. The school in a letter dated July 25, 2011 had responded that it collects Rs 50 for Tamil medium and Rs 250 to 350 for the English medium.Upon receiving the petition from the parents, the district collector ordered an enquiry by the education officials. \"The schools are supposed to collect fees specified by the government and action will be taken on those collecting higher fees. I have asked the chief education officer to conduct an enquiry,\" district collector, Anshul Mishra said. When contacted, school sources said that the fees collected covered various facilities in the school and not just the tuition fees.Many aided schools collect some money from the parents since they are not able to cope with the nominal fee fixed by the government. \"The government allows collecting Rs 50 as the Parents-Teachers Fund for Tamil medium. Most aided schools have an enormous strength of students. We have to appoint additional teachers paid by the management since the government does not provide sufficient number of teaching staff and other staff for the aided schools,\" a headmaster of an aided school who sought anonymity said. Many aided school authorities also pointed out that government funding is very minimal. They had to manage the cost on infrastructure, basic amenities and other facilities for the students besides the salaries for the management appointed teaching staff. \"Salary for the management staff is a huge burden on aided schools and if the government comes forward to appoint sufficient number of teachers for the aided schools, we can manage with the nominal fees fixed by the government,\" an aided school correspondent stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252117", "title": "Closure of 10 units makes UP power-starved", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government's decision to impose an early closure of malls and shops across the state had its genesis in a pathetic status of power generation. Although the order has been withdrawn following an intense pressure from the opposition parties and traders, the fact remains power generation in the state is way short of even its own potential.According to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre, around 10 power plants in the state, including one of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), are shut at the moment either for renovation work or have suffered a technical snag resulting in the shortfall of around 1800 mw. This is almost one-sixth of the peak demand for power across the state which, of late, has shot off significantly.In fact, four power plants including 110 mw Panki, two units of Paricha of 210 mw each and one of 250 mw capacity tripped within a span of the past two days following major technical snags. While Panki tripped because of a low drum level, the 250 mw Paricha went off the steam because of a turbine problem on June 16. Paricha's two other units of 210 mw each -- unit 4 and 3 -- shut down on June 17 because of the tripping of a Banda-Paricha line. The most alarming thing about these breakdowns is that nobody knows when would these plants start operating.Before that, on June 12 and June 7, 250 mw Harduaganj and 300 mw Rosa power plant had shut down respectively. While Harduaganj went off the grid after developing a fault in its generator, Rosa faced the shortage of coal. Likewise, the 110 Mw Tanda power plant of NTPC is not generating power since May 25. It is expected to revive by Wednesday.Power plants which had been shut down for renovation and maintenance too had added their bit to the overall power crisis in the state. At least four power plants including two units of Obra with a combined installed capacity of 400 Mw, one unit of Paricha (unit 2) of 110 Mw and one unit of Anpara (unit-1) had been closed for renovation work. In fact, Paricha and unit-11 of Obra have remained closed since January 2011 and July 2011 respectively. They are likely to revive only by October later this year.Managing director, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, Dheeraj Sahu said that some of the units are likely to revive back soon. Some of them have gone into a long-term renovation exercise. That we are taking into consideration and trying to get them functional,'' he said. Sahu said that a new unit of Harduaganj and one in Paricha are on a test run. Situation would ease once they get functional,'' he said.UPRVUN officials said that as on date the state's own production was hovering in the range of 2,000 mw which was considerably low. Officials hoped it to rise by 2500 mw when some of the units revive back.Secretary general of All India Power Engineers Federation, Shailendra Dubey said that the power situation in UP has turned miserable but what government has resorted to is nothing but a 'panic management'. The government should ensure proper distribution of power in times of crisis. It is no logic that you shut down the shops while ensuring that 24-hours power supply is made to Kannauj, Etawah and Rampur,'' he said.Dubey said that it is high time authorities give a detailed projection of the demand and the measures it intended to take to meet it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14257503", "title": "Diamantaire sees glitter in green energy", "text": "SURAT: A city-based diamantaire has set up, what is touted to be the state's first solar energy production equipments plant, at Pipodhara village on the outskirts of Surat.The plant, set up by Goldi Green Technology with an investment of Rs 350 crore, will produce solar modules and panels.The first phase of operations of this plant located, some 20 km off Surat city, will begin in 15 days' time.Goldi Green had inked a memorandum of understanding with state government in 2011 during the vibrant Gujarat summit for setting up a plant for green energy .\"We have imported the technology from Japanese firm Nisshinbo. The robotic stringers and lay ups will be supplied by Team Technik, Germany. Machinery installation work is in full swing and automatic plant will be operational by the end of August,\" said Tulsi Dholakiya, managing director of the company and a leading diamantaire of Surat.Tribal and rural workers getting trained at technical training centre of Waghaldhara in Valsad district are being employed. They would be trained on 10 MW capacity plant from July 1.\"This plant is imported from China and workers would be trained to run the plant properly. We will go on increasing capacity of the main plant in a phased manner reaching our optimum target of 100 MW in four years' time,\" said Chetan Shah, one of the working directors of the firm.This plant will produce solar energy modules for capacities ranging from three watt to 300 watts for different uses from street lights, LED, lanterns, solar water pumps to roof-top solar panels.\"We already have a long list of customers. A number of new societies are coming up with plans to use these modules for their general use,\" said Bharat Bhut, a director in the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257922", "title": "Traffic diversion in Nanganallur sparks confusion among motorists", "text": "CHENNAI: Fourth Main Road in Nanganallur, a busy stretch connecting Grand South Trunk (GST) Road, has been made a one-way stretch in an attempt to ease congestion. However, motorists complained of complete chaos on Monday, the second day of the new arrangement.Now, vehicles from the Pazhavanthangal subway can use Fourth Main Road, while those coming in the opposite direction will go via Sixth Main Road and Fifth Main Road to GST Road through the subway. \"There is a lot of confusion , especially during rush hours when office-goers rush to work place or return home,\" said S Parvathi of Hindu Colony.The arrangement is the culmination of the joint efforts of the traffic police, residents' welfare associations, traders and autorickshaw unions. A series of meeting among all stakeholders was held and more than 15,000 pamphlets distributed to residents and motorists over the past fortnight. \"There were a few hiccups on Monday, but things are expected to settle in a couple of days,\" said V Ramarao , a social activist.However, motorists and residents remain sceptical, saying Fourth Main Road has already been reduced to half its width of 60 feet mainly due to encroachments by hawkers and projections from shops. Making the stretch one-way , they say, would make it convenient for hawkers and traders. Before Nanganallur was merged with the corporation, Fourth Main Road was maintained by the state highways department which in June 2010 cleared more than a 100 projections and makeshift shops and also chopped around 25 trees and restored the original width. Also affected by the new arrangement were bus commuters , mostly senior citizens. A few bus stops, including one at Roja Medical shop at the end ofFourth Main Road, were shifted to Fifth Main Road, nearly a kilometre away. Everyday, buses on 11 routes are operated from Nanganallur to places such as High Court, Anna Salai, Saidapet , Perambur, Poonamallee and Central Railway Station . \"Nanganallur is predominantly occupied by elders for whom buses are the major mode of transport. The shifting of the bus stops is forcing us to walk longer distances ,\" said K Narasimhan, a retired bank manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256516", "title": "250 girls bunk school, sent home", "text": "KOLKATA: Cracking down on absenteeism, a top city school on Monday suspended 250 senior students for a day for bunking school repeatedly on Saturdays.The authorities at Ashok Hall Girls decided it was time to act when they started receiving complaints that girls in uniform were being seen hanging out at malls, multiplexes and coffee shops during school hours, particularly on Saturdays. The attendance register revealed many senior students were skipping school on Saturdays. On one particular Saturday, nearly 75% of the girls were absent from some of the senior classes.When school re-opened on Monday after summer vacation, the principal called up the parents of 250 students from classes IX to XII who had remained absent on several Saturdays and asked them to take their children home.The parents rushed to school and were shocked to learn that their daughters had been habitually bunking on Saturdays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14255941", "title": "Sultan skips meet over India Tourism Development Corporation appointment", "text": "KOLKATA: Amid growing indications that Sultan Ahmed would continue to up the ante against the Manmohan Singh government to protest senior Congress leader Shankar Sinh Waghela's appointment as the India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) chairman with a cabinet rank, the Trinamool Congress MP and Union minister of state for tourism on Monday refused to attend the National Tourism Advisory Council (NTAC) meeting, of which he is the vice-chairman.The ITDC - a PSU under the ministry of tourism - had been headed by an IAS officer, till the Appointment Committee of Cabinet (ACC) on May 31 cleared Waghela's name as the part-time chairman. Sultan is peeved that Waghela now gets a cabinet berth, higher than his MoS rank. \"I had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on June 5 and am still waiting for a reply. I have boycotted the NTAC meeting on Monday. I will continue to protest, till I get a clarification,\" Sultan said.According to him, he has already informed the matter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and awaits for her instruction. On being asked whether he would quit the Union cabinet in protest, Sultan replied: \"I am not here on my personal wish. I am here on my party's instructions and with the blessings of my leader Mamata Banerjee. Whether I will quit or not will depend on the party's instructions. I will continue to protest, unless directed otherwise by my party.\"In his letter to the Prime Minister, Sultan wrote: \"It is a contradictory situation. On one hand, the government has announced austerity measures and on the other, it has created a cabinet post. When there is already a cabinet minister under tourism ministry ( Subodh Kant Sahay ) and an MoS (Sultan), where is the need for another one? The government neither discussed the matter, nor did it bother to inform me about the appointment. There has never been any political appointment in the ITDC top post and it is the first time that ITDC will be headed by a political person.\"Sultan's allegations are not without a reason.Waghela is a former Union textile minister. In 2009, he lost the Lok Sabha polls. He heads the Congress in Gujarat. It is believed that Congress leaders had tried to resolve the issue with Trinamool leaders, urging them to restrain Sultan from going public with his grievances against the government. It appears the deliberations haven't borne fruit yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14256129", "title": "Speaker\u2019s office has lost dignity: Former Speaker DB Chandre Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Speaker of the Karnataka legislative assembly and Lok Sabha MP DB Chandre Gowda felt the dignity and values of legislators and the office of the Speaker had been destroyed in the recent past.At the diamond jubilee celebrations of the Karnataka legislative assembly here on Monday, Chandre Gowda observed: \"I am saying this with pain about the current legislators. We've reached a stage where becoming a legislator is viewed as a money-making business. We have shunned the ideals of our freedom fighters.''Stressing the sanctity and importance of the legislature premises, he said the proceedings shouldn't become a subject of discussion on the streets. \"The proceedings shouldn't be mechanical and boring. The legislators should adhere to the rules. Don't use the air-conditioned legislature premises to yawn, chat or for selfish gains and accumulation of illegal wealth,'' he advised.Referring to the lack of reading and preparation among the legislators, he said: \"The legislature library expects your visit. There are many legislators who do not visit the library even once during their five-year tenure.''Gowda, who was Speaker during the 1980s, indirectly referred to the controversies surrounding Speaker KG Bopaiah. He said: \"The dignity of the Speaker's office has been destroyed in the recent past. The post of Speaker shouldn't be an issue of street talk.''He said the speaker should be non-partisan. \"Once he becomes a Speaker, he moves from political space to the legislature arena. He is not a follower of anybody. He should not be influenced by the chief minister,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254478", "title": "Finance, commerce ministers spar over trade policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance and commerce ministries are sparring over the Foreign Trade Policy with North Block saying that announcements were made without consulting it on nearly half-a-dozen issues.While the issue is being dealt with at the official level, when asked, commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma said that no announcement was made without finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's approval. On their part, his officials said the finance ministry was raking up issues that did not have merit. North Block has said that changes announced in the Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme, the Served from India Scheme (SFIS) and changes in the verification norms were done without the finance ministry's approval.A turf war between the revenue department and the directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) was the norm for years, although it had changed in recent past. But this year, the revenue department has gone back to its old ways. In most cases, commerce department officials said in case of EPCG the finance ministry merely had concerns over the language and there was no scope for misuse. The revamped policy has said that exporters can import capital goods on payment of advance duty, but the finance ministry's concern is that the mode of payment, which will be in cash, is not mentioned.Similarly, in case of SFIS, the finance ministry had overlooked a notification that was issued in January 2011, while accusing the commerce ministry of not consulting it. \"What should we do? Ignore notifications that have been issued since the policy was announced in 2009?\" asked an official, while pointing out that one of the main goals of this years trade policy was to simply the procedures.In the same vein, DGFT had done away with mandatory verification of duty credit scrips as the government had failed to put in place an electronic data interchange set-up as was promised. \"This is a major step towards cost reduction. What we are saying is that it is not mandatory. We are not saying that customs department will not check the genuineness, which it is expected to do. That data is available and it can still be done,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14257182", "title": "Verdict reserved in guv case on illegal mining", "text": "A division bench headed by the Chief Justice has reserved its verdict on the maintainability of a PIL wherein the action of the governor, who acts as a competent authority under the Karnataka Lokyukta Act, has been challenged.D Natesh, a Bangalore advocate, has challenged the action of then governor Rameshwar Thakur in absolving then chief minister N Dharam Singh in relation to recommendations made against him in the interim report on illegal mining submitted by then Lokayukta Justice Santhosh N Hegde on December 18, 2008. The governor had absolved Dharam Singh on Sept. 23, 2009 saying that he cannot be held responsible for the acts of officials.PP Rao, senior advocate of the Supreme Court who appeared on behalf of Dharam Singh, questioned the maintainability of the PIL by claiming that a governor just like the President was protected under the Constitution and no courts can go into this issue as it was covered by immunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252724", "title": "Answer-sheets of 200 varsity students stolen", "text": "BHOPAL: Future of some 200 students affiliated to Barkatullah University (BU) hangs in the balance as their answer-sheets were allegedly stolen from Hamidia road when these were being delivered on Sunday. Laboratory assistant of a government college reported the matter in the afternoon and the police are investigating the matter.According to Mangalwara police, some 18 bundles of answer-sheets of students B Sc and BA were stolen. The sixth semester students belong to the Subhadra Sharma government girls' college, Ganj Basoda.The complainant, laboratory assistant Netram Kori, reported the incident to the police on Sunday afternoon. According to the complaint, Kori was asking for directions to the university when a black bag with some 200 answer-sheets was stolen.BU officials said once the incident was investigated by the authorities, the matter would be referred to the examination committee. The precedent is average marks are allotted to students, said a BU official, seeking anonymity.The police have registered a case under the Section 379 (theft) of the IPC and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14256069", "title": "220kv electric line falls on house", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A major tragedy was averted when a 220kv power line snapped from the transmission tower and fell on top of a house near the KSEB sub-station at Poovanthuruth at 11pm on Sunday.Electricity was automatically cut off in the Moozhiyar-Brahmapuram high-tension line, thus preventing any loss of life or injuries. The ceiling and a few tiles on the roof of the house belonging to Vasanthi Salim were damaged in the incident.The incident occurred during heavy rains and the locals reported a huge sound and fire when the line snapped. The line was repaired and power supply restored by Monday evening.A low-tension line, supplying power to the house, also snapped due to the impact.Vasanthi said that a similar incident had happened two years ago. The 220kv line is over 40 years old and there were complaints that the authorities were not maintaining them properly, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14252501", "title": "Women groups join hands to protect Ponnani river", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Women in Tirur are on a mission to protect the Tirur-Ponnani river in the wake of reports on the increasing amount of pollutants in the river.Women groups, including Kudumbasree and Mahila Congress, started their campaign with a 'Jala Yatra' through the river. They will now submit a memorandum to chief minister Oommen Chandy with the signatures of women members in 5,000 families in Tirur.Reports of fish deaths on the Thalakadathur--Tirur stretch in Ponnani river last week, have raised concerns about the toxicity level of the water. Primary investigations have revealed that waste disposal by hotels and hospitals in the region was contaminating the water.Environment experts have found that toxicity of the water has gone up lowering its oxygen-level. Water has turned black in Thalakadathur, Tirur, Kanath, Thazhepalam, Ettirikadavu, Mangattirikadavu, Vettam, Kunhulikadavu and Koottayi regulator-cum-bridge.The contaminated water is the cause of skin diseases breaking out among people living along the banks of the river in Tirur Nagaram, Thalakadathur, Vettam and Mangalam panchayats.Fathima Beevi, state secretary of Mahila Congress, said women groups and organizations would organize protests against the lackadaisical approach of the authorities in protecting the river, without any hidden motives or political agendas. \"All organizations here have joined hands to protect the river which is one of the major drinking water source of Tirur town and surrounding panchayats,\" she said. \"More than 10,000 families have been badly affected by this. We will go to any length to protect the river from pollution,\" she said.Fathima Beevi also alleged that the steps announced by the government to solve the problem were insufficient and that a special package should be announced to protect the river..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14264888", "title": "Cops upload victims' details on social networking site to trace identity", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Nagar police finally uploaded the photograph of an unidentified woman on social networking site who was found killed in the locality a month ago. The initiative was taken after the police failed to track down the victim's identity and any information about her family members.Police said that they had circulated her photograph to stations in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai, but no missing persons complaint has been filed against anyone resembling her. The woman was in her early twenties and her body had been found in Shivaji Nagar on May 15. She had been found strangled to death.Shivaji Nagar police senior inspector RS Agarwal told TOI, \"The idea of uploading the photograph on the social site was done by assistant inspector Vijay Jadhav who is investigating the case. The photograph is uploaded on his Facebook account. The intention of posting the photograph is someone who sees the victim online then can approach us in furnishing her details.\"Jadhav said that the victim might not be a resident of Mumbai. \"We have also searched neighbouring cities Thane and Navi Mumbai but have not been able to get any clue. The victim was strangled to death but the post-mortem report showed there is no sexual abuse.\"Meanwhile the Kanjurmarg police also adopted the same method to identify the body of a man found in their jurisdiction the same day. He was also found strangled and they believe that the cases could be related.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250446", "title": "Huge disparity in BE first and final year results", "text": "NAGPUR: If Nagpur University's first year engineering results were a disappointment, those of final year brought laurels for the colleges, especially the unaided ones, which are already reeling under financial crisis and severe shortage of students. The overall success rate is 89.57% while that of fresh candidates is 91.54% as per the results declared on NU's website on Monday. As against this, the first year overall results were a dismal 37.22% while fresh candidates had a success rate of 40.80%.Girls, who're nowadays dominating all the important results, have also led the way in BE final year results with a success rate of 94% as compared to 87% of boys. The disturbing trend however is sharp drop in number of students taking both these exams. Not only regular ones, but even number of repeaters has dwindled in final year in comparison to the first year. Nearly 22,000 appeared for the first year exam this year as against 8,734 in final year. Among them 8,138 cleared the first year with 37.22 pass percentage as against 89.57% of final year. This clearly proves the downfall of standards in engineering sector owing to mushrooming of colleges and shortage of lecturers.Wainganga College of Engineering principal Surendra Gole termed it as regular phenomenon which was result of filtration process. \"Compared to final year, the syllabus of first year is quite tough and students find it hard to clear. Moreover due to yearly pattern, they had to face 15 subject and nine practicals.\"He pointed out that the students can't take admission to third year without clearing all subjects of first year and when in final year, they have to clear both first and second years. \"When they reach final year, they have only six subjects to clear, which they find it easy to clear as they get used to the system,\" Gole said.Some like engineering Board of Studies (BoS) member C Handa believed that sudden change of a system for 12th pass out candidates was responsible for the trend. \"Till Std XII, the students used to clear the exam by learning and remembering the answers rather than understanding it. When they move to the engineering, the questions are more or less based on applications and fundamentals where they face problems,\" he pointed out.He added that students perform better in subsequent years once they adapt to the system. \"When these students move to final year, they tend to become serious in view of better job prospects and campus interviews,\" he said.Handa stated that even low eligibility criteria for admission could be one of the reasons for failure of huge number of students in first year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14251933", "title": "Stolen Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation bus found in Ahmednagar", "text": "NASHIK: A bus belonging to the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), which had been stolen from the Mahamarg Bus Stand at Mumbai Naka, has now been traced in Ahmednagar.The bus was said to be abandoned in the Shevgaon area of Ahmednagar district. However, there were no reports about the culprit behind the theft. Many also said that the burglar had apparently abandoned the bus in the Shevgaon area as the bus may have run out of fuel.The vehicle was stolen from Mumbai Naka in the wee hours of Saturday. It belonged to the Jawhar depot in Thane district and had arrived at the Mahamarg Bus Stand at 8.30pm on Friday evening. Since the bus was scheduled to leave for Jawhar from Nashik at 7.30 am on Saturday morning, it was parked at the Mahamarg stand. The driver and conductor found the bus missing the following morning.Subsequently. the matter was reported to the depot manager and a complaint was lodged at the Sarkarwada police station by the T M Dhikle, the bus' driver.Divisional controller of the MSRTC, Kailas Deshmukh said that the bus was found abandoned at Shevgaon in Ahmednagar district on Saturday at 9pm.The police are of the view that the bus may have been stolen by somebody who is well aware of the MSRTC's functioning, including its security arrangement for parked buses.There were also reports that the theft could be an act of rage by a disgruntled employee.Bus drivers and conductors at the Mahamarg Bus Stand said that they were not surprised at the theft occurring as there was neither a proper gate nor security arrangement at the stand to ensure the safety of the buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256159", "title": "East-West Metro breaks Duttabad jinx", "text": "KOLKATA: The East-West Metro project received a major impetus with Duttabad residents finally going for a settlement with the state government. Stiff resistance from the settlers had stalled construction of the viaduct over Duttabad and delayed the project by two years. As many as 14 pillars were supposed to be built on this stretch to connect the yawning gap between Bengal Chemical and Bidyadhari School.\"It is a major relief for us as the impasse came to an end. Duttabad residents have agreed with the government rehabilitation package,\" said Subrata Gupta, managing director of Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation (KMRC), the executing agency of the project.Earlier, urban development minister Firhad Hakim had decided to allocate land for rehabilitating Duttabad residents. He even urged local MLAs Sujit Bose and Paresh Pal to persuade the settlers in accepting the package offered by the government. \"It is against our policy to evict anyone without rehabilitating them. I told the residents that all evicted families will be given flats. They have agreed to accept our offer,\" Bose confirmed.He informed that KMRC - that will build flats for rehabilitating Duttabad residents - have already been shown a few vacant plots belonging to the urban development department. Once the flats are ready, there will not be any hurdle as far as land for the viaduct construction is concerned.Swapan Khan, a small-time decorator in Duttabad, echoed Bose's view, saying, \"Yes, we have agreed to shift to flats that the government has promised us to build. We do not want that the project to get stalled anymore for us.\" KMRC has already marked his house as 39. \"So far, KMRC engineers have identified 58 such families for eviction and rehabilitation. The figure might be plus five or minus five,\" said Bose.Jayanti Bar, a health-worker at Duttabad health centre, said, \"I will be happy to shift to a flat. We all want this place to be developed. We felt bad that such a huge project got stalled for us.\" Her neighbour Saheb alleged that the Left government never took them into confidence and declared an eviction straight away. \"But majority of us have parchas (land-rights) given by the irrigation department,\" he reasoned.Rama Bose, another resident, whose house was also marked by KMRC, said, \"We never opposed the construction. We only wanted the government to rehabilitate us in the vicinity. But our voices were never heard. This problem could have been resolved long ago.\"The 365-meter trajectory is home to 150 families. KMRC once thought of opting cantilever technology at Duttabad to reduce the number of pillars at an extra cost of Rs 40 crore. But the technical evaluation ruled out feasibility of the use of this technology. \"We are still trying to be least invasive at Duttabad. We will only acquire land that is absolutely necessary for the project,\" said a senior KMRC officer.The Rs 5,000-crore project, linking a 14.58-km corridor between Howrah Maidan in the West and the IT city Salt Lake in the East, has alredy suffered time and cost overrun.When construction at Duttabad gets over, it will complete the 5.77-km elevated portion. The elevated stretch will have six stations between Sector V and Salt Lake stadium. The rest of it - an underground stretch of 8.9 km - will link Salt Lake stadium with Howrah Maidan. The tunnel will travel below the river-bed of the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14254395", "title": "State moots four-laning of Shirady Ghat", "text": "MANGALORE: The journey to the state capital from the city could become a five-hour affair if the much-vaunted four-laning of Hassan-BC Road section of NH 48 envisaged at cost of Rs 674.53 crore takes off. This is one of the alternatives that the state government is thinking, alongside the Rs 3,200 crore four-lane tunnel road project through the Ghats. The latter took form in the recently concluded GIM and it will come in assistance with Japan International Cooperation Agency.While the existing stretch of NH from Hassan to BC Road is 138.30 km in length, it will be shorter by 4.34 km as per the proposed design chainage. A key need recognized by the state government for taking up this project, according to N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker, is the existing traffic along Shirady Ghat. It exceeds 10,000 passenger car units and which warrants four-laning. The road is a major port connectivity corridor as well.Another important reason is that the Mangalore-BC Road stretch and the Hassan-Bangalore stretch of Mangalore-Bangalore NH is already a four-lane facility. \"There is a need for more improvements on safety aspects to offer better riding quality and to ensure safer journey along the Ghat. The present two-lane raod is riddled with poor road condition and geometrics where the pavement fails often,\" he added.One of the key impediments for the project is the need for 171 hectares of forest land. \"Of which 31 hectares are available with the state government. We will prepare a project report and send it to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for clearance within a month,\" Bhat said, adding that the survey work for the project has commenced.\"We hope to get the clearance of MoEF for this important project soon,\" he added.The traffic diversions and alternate route that people should take to reach Bangalore as and when the project is implemented is at a planning stage, noting that the proposed concession period for the bidder is 30 years. The project as envisaged now will incorporate a host of safety features along the Ghat section including RCC crash barriers at all sharp curves and deep valley portion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14253808", "title": "Discom given orders to adopt measures for saving power", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited has made elaborate plans to avoid wasteful consumption of power and to tide over the crisis by issuing several directives, including measures to conserve energy.Avnish Awasthi, UPPCL chairman sent the directives on Friday to the zonal head to have all glow and neon signs, besides all beautification lights and hoardings, to remain switched off. \"No power will be supplied to any neon lights and hoardings for next few days to tide over the power crisis. Malls, multiplexes, government offices, restaurants and other commercial establishments have also been asked to considerably reduce their consumption by adopting innovative measures for saving power,\" Awasthi said.Meanwhile, PVVNL has set up a customer care centre at Sector 18. \"Executive engineer AK Gupta will redress all problems and he can be contacted at 987199817,\" Gupta said. Consumers can also call at 0120-4326989 to lodge their complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14244659", "title": "I thought cricket was very long: Didier Drogba", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chelsea's iconic centre forward, Didier Drogba, is on a mission -- to bring to football the same kind of attention and worship that cricket draws in India. On his maiden visit to the country and fresh out of a Champions League win, the footballer tackled questions after arriving three hours late for his first press conference in India on Sunday, starting with a Namaste and an apology. Excerpts:India is hot... Phew!It is really hot here. I came here straight from the airport and I'm glad there wasn't much traffic, but I apologise for the delay. I am really excited to be here, it is my first time and I can't wait to meet my fans here.Left Chelsea, what next?After the Champions League win, I took my decision to leave Chelsea. I took my time to make up my mind, because it was important for me to feel what I did for Chelsea. Now that I have left, I feel it was the right time to do so. The eight years that I've been with Chelsea were the greatest; it was the one club that I stuck with for so long. I think I've built a special relationship with the fans and the next step will be an interesting one, but I'd like to wait, and think about what's next.Racism is a stupid trend.Unfortunately, we'll never stop hearing about racist people. Football is a social sport and we unite a lot of people from different cultures, just like cricket does in India. I think people who are part of football know that racism exists. We should eradicate this stupid trend. It is those people who are racist who know nothing about life.I don't remember the names of Indian cricketersIt took me some time to understand cricket, and I admit that at first, I thought it was very long! Some players explained it to me and I understood then. I congratulate the Indian team on winning the last World Cup; I know what it feels like to win. It feels great. I don't really remember the names of the Indian cricketers. The captain's name is especially hard to pronounce. I was watching a cricket match some time back and it was a very good match, but unfortunately, I couldn't identify the players.My kids play cricket in schoolI know cricket is the number one sport in this country, and purists might disagree with this new format of gaming, but football is number one in Africa and Europe, and slowly, it will be big competition for cricket (in India). There has to be some support system at the grassroots, and football needs the same spotlight as cricket. My kids play cricket in school. I won't force them to play football, they can play cricket if they like. They're doing it in school already, and I think they like it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14255696", "title": "Train runs over woman, 2-yr-old son", "text": "A 32-year-old homemaker's attempt to fulfill her six-year-old daughter's wish for a new schoolbag proved tragic on Monday. As Roja Sadashiv Reddy, her two-year-old son and daughter were crossing the railway track near Nayandahalli station, they came under the wheels of a speeding train. The girl survived with a severed hand.Around 1pm, Roja was going to a shop to buy the schoolbag for Vedavathi, when the mishap occurred. She was carrying her younger son, Vishnu Reddy.An excited Vedavathi was in a hurry to cross the track, while a worried Roja with Vishnu in her arms, followed her. The Mysore-bound Tipu Express, which does not halt at Nayandahalli station, was approaching.\"Roja was alerting her daughter while running towards the track. The little girl was first hit by the train, which later hit Roja and Vishnu,\" an eyewitness told police. While Vishnu and Roja were killed on the spot, Vedavathi's hand was severed . The girl was sent to Victoria Hospital and is said to be out of danger. Roja's husband Sadashiva Reddy works in a medical store in Vijayanagar.15 deaths on 8-km stretchAt least 15 people have died while crossing the railway track on the nearly eight-km stretch between Binny Mills and Kengeri this year. \"We don't have a railway crossing except one near Jnanabharathi. Pamphlets in Kannada and English, warning public against crossing railway tracks, were distributed. Public should follow precautionary measure as it's impossible to fence the track,\" a railway police officer said.Loco pilot gives first aidEyewitnesses said the loco pilot brought the train to a halt following the accident. He administered first aid to Vedavathi. \"The train resumed the journey only after Vedavathi and the bodies were sent to a nearby hospital. We hope the girl survives after the timely medical attention,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251693", "title": "Now, pay entry fee at Kas plateau", "text": "PUNE: The state forest department has decided to charge entry fee from people visiting the Kas plateau, famous as a valley of flowers and known for its rich biodiversity.There will be charges for photography and fines will be imposed on people found trampling or plucking the flowers and littering.The department is already fencing in the area to restrict tourists from parking their vehicles on the plateau and damaging the biodiversity. Check posts will be erected where the entry and photography fees will be charged.Also, the fines will be imposed by security guards employed for the purpose.State principal secretary for the forest department Pravinsinh Pardeshi along with other officials visited the Kas plateau on Sunday to review the situation.Pardeshi said that a joint forest management committee will be formed which will manage the fee and fine collection starting next month.Kas is located about 132 km south of Pune and 24 km from Satara city.The forest department's report said that the actual size of the plateau is more than 1,000 hectare.Out of it, 1,000 hectare is with the forest department and the remaining is private land.The entry fee, which will be charged at the check posts to be erected, will be utilised by the joint forest management committee for maintenance of the fence and providing facilities for villagers living along the plateau, said N R Praveen, deputy conservator of forest, Satara.Praveen said, \"The minimum entry fee will be Rs 10 per person and citizens will have to pay separately for their vehicles.\"\"The funds collected will be utilised to provide facilities to tourists, develop hamlets in the area and undertake schemes for villagers living in the vicinity.\"The forest department will also charge a fee for photography.The cameras being carried by visitors will be checked at the check post and the photography fee decided accordingly. Even a photo taken on a mobile handset will cost tourists Rs 10.Meanwhile, local activist Sudhir Sukale criticised the move.He said the government has not made it clear as to who will collect the fee and fine, how it will be collected and whether they (the authorities) have the infrastructure to do so in the first place.\"The road to tourist spots like Bamnoli and Vasota fort also goes via the Kas plateau. If tourists want to go to Bamnoli and Vasota, they will unnecessarily have to pay the fee. We have also objected to the fencing as it has damaged the aesthetic value of the plateau,\" he added.( With inputs from Atul Deshpande )Species NumbersPlants: 850Animals: 10Reptiles: 19Birds: 30Butterflies: 32Endangered: Out of 624 species globally, 39 are found exclusively at KasFee structurePer Person: Rs 10Two-wheeler: Rs 10Car and Jeep: Rs 40Mini Bus: Rs 100Bus: Rs 150Professional camera: Rs 100Tourist camera: Rs 50Mobile camera: Rs 10Fines to be chargedPlucking of flowers: Rs 100Uprooting of plants: Rs 200Littering plastic: Rs 200Visitors from August to November 2011: 56,660 visitors came on two-wheelers and 3.33 lakh visitors came in four-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257322", "title": "Youth commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A youth allegedly committed suicide in Chakeri area of the City on Monday. Shivendra Jain, a native of Ranchi, who had come to his relatives' place in Chakeri committed suicide, the police said. However, the incident came to light when the family members broke open the door after repeated knocking and found Shivendra hanging from the ceiling, the police said. The police after conducting preliminary investigations sent the body for autopsy.Mystery death: A 55-year-old broker of a transport company, who had gone missing on Sunday, was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Chakeri police area on Monday. The body of the deceased, Ram Lakhan, a resident of M block Yashoda nagar was found in Dehli Sujanpur locality, police said.\"We received a call from someone in the morning hours and rushed to the spot. We have sent the body for postmortem. Further investigations are underway,\" said a senior police officer. Ram Lakhan was last seen outside his house on Sunday morning while he was leaving for the firm, sources said after which he went missing. He is survived by his wife and two children.Cops said it appeared that the man was murdered, but they refused to comment on the cause of death as they were awaiting the postmortem report. Sources said it appeared that the body had been dumped in the area after the murder. However, cops maintained that all angles were being probed including personal enmity. Climb atop: A housewife climbed atop a water tank in Faithfulganj area under the Railbazar police station on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255905", "title": "Officers under lens to seek review of high court order", "text": "RANCHI: The state administrative service officers, who have been asked to stay away from duty and that too without pay on the order of Jharkhand high court have decided to file an appeal against the order.Around 170 officers recruited through second civil service examination have been asked not to work till the time CBI completes its inquiry into the alleged irregularities in their appointment by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC).The division bench of Justice R K Merethia and Justice D N Upadhaya had passed the order last week while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by one, Budhadeo Oraon, for probe in all the examination conducted by the JPSC since the state of Jharkhand was created.Secretary of Jharkhand State Administrative Service Association (JHASA) Y Prasad confirmed that the aggrieved officers are planning to file an appeal. \"The association is not going to the court to get relief for the officers. The aggrieved officers will definitely file an appeal and request the court to review its order,\" Prasad said.On the other hand, efforts by JHASA to get some relief for its members from the state government did not yield any result with chief minister Arjun Munda not ready to listen to them. \"We tried to take an appointment from the chief minister and request his intervention in the matter but he turned down the request,\" said a source.Now JHASA is pinning its hope on chief secretary SK Chaudhary. \"We will meet the chief secretary and request him to brief the chief minister about the plight of the members who have been asked to stay away from work and that too without salary. We will even request the chief secretary to file an appeal in the court to allow the state government to, at least, give sustenance allowance till the probe is over,\" said a member of JHASA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251937", "title": "100-odd Indian Institute of Management, Indore students suffer food poisoning", "text": "INDORE: A day after 100-odd students of the Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I) fell ill due to food poisoning after having lunch in the hostel mess, 11 of them were admitted to two private hospitals in the city as their condition deteriorated on Monday.Amit Bhatt, public relation officer, Choithram Hospital, said, \"The students have been shifted to wards and their condition is stable. They will be discharged soon.\"\"Students had spinach for lunch and it might be one of the reasons for food poisoning. Contaminated water could be another possible reason,\" a student of the campus said. The institute tried to cover up the incident till late on Sunday but is now saying it will investigate the possible reasons and take appropriate action.Parvez Akhtar, IIM-I's public relations officer, said that on Sunday night a large number of students started complaining of headache, stomach ache, vomiting or fever. They were given primary medical aid and some of them were sent to nearby hospitals.\"All the students are being monitored. Those who had complications were sent to hospitals,\" Akhtar said.It is the first time that such an incident has happened in one of the premier management institutes. When asked about the reasons, Akhtar said, \"It is too early to ascertain the reason and investigations are going on. We have informed the parents and we will form a probe panel to find out the reasons and appropriate action will be taken against those found responsible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262874", "title": "Official promo of Sirphire out now", "text": "The most awaited official promo of upcoming Punjabi movie 'Sirphire' is out now. Starring Preet Harpal, Priyanshu Chatterjee (Tum Bin fame), Monika Bedi, Roshan Prince, Gurleen Chopra, Karamjeet Anmol and Binnu Dhillon, Sirphire is set to release on 13th July 2012.Sirphire is directed by Harjit Ricky, who is a well known name in Punjabi Songs video direction. From the promo, movie looks like a high drama and comedy.Gurpreet Singh Sidhu has produced the movie. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14257168", "title": "Stray dog menace: Local bodies staff to be trained by welfare board", "text": "PATIALA: Under attack for its failure to control the stray dog menace in Punjab, the state local bodies department has decided to take help from Delhi. It plans to provide training to 40 officials from the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) to control stray dog population that seems to have taken alarming proportions.After receiving several complaints of stray dog attacks in various parts of the state, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had convened a meeting of commissioners of corporations, senior authorities of local bodies department and AWBI experts. During the meeting it came to light that the local bodies department does not have trained staff to inject or catch stray dogs. On this, AWBI officials offered to train the local bodies' officials.After discussing matter with senior officials of the local bodies department, the CM had last week directed all corporations and other authorities to send their health officials to Delhi for training that will begin from June 25.\"No one dares to come out of their house at nights in many villages of the area because of the stray dogs,\" said Karnail Singh of Bursat village.As per information, since January 2009 about 7,100 dog bite cases have been reported to various hospitals of the district. Of these, about 3,125 cases have come to Rajindra Hospital, Patiala, while other dispensaries and health centers of the district received about 3,975 cases. Despite such a high number of dog bite cases, the government hospitals are without required medicine and patients are forced to purchase them from outside.\"We would send our teams to AWBI, Delhi, for training,\" said S K Sinha, director, local bodies department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14251594", "title": "Jolted by mishap, Western Railway makes changes to traffic system", "text": "Awoken by the head-on collision of two locals on Saturday night near Andheri station, Western Railway has decided to make a number of changes to its traffic system to ensure that such a mishap does not recur in the future.The changes include relocation of devices called track circuits and possible repositioning of signal poles. \"The mishap opened our eyes to the drawbacks in the system,\" said a senior official, adding that the new modifications have been approved by the chairman of the Railway Board, who was in Mumbai on the day of the mishap.To start with, Western Railway (WR) is eliminating the buffer zones between signal poles and track circuits. Attached to rail tracks nine metres beyond a signal pole, track circuits are devices that change signal aspect. So, for a signal to turn red, a train has to cross not the signal pole but the track circuit beyond it. This, officials said, was one of the failures on Saturday night.Due to an incident of chain-pulling, the Churchgate-Virar fast local halted in its tracks. Its motorman's cabin had crossed the signal pole but not hit the track circuit, which was 13 metre away. The signal, consequently, did not automatically turn red. This made the stationmaster at Andheri believe that the entire train was still behind the signal. He then changed the signal to red himself and gave a go-ahead to an incoming Borivli-Chuchgate to cross over from slow to fast track. Near simultaneously, the motorman of the Virar-bound local, unable to see the change in the signal behind him, decided to set the train off again, eventually leading to the collision.WR officials said they will ensure that track circuits and signal poles are adjacent so that there is no time difference in signals turning red. \"If this concept was there earlier, the stationmaster would not have entered the picture to change the signal from double yellow to red to halt the Virar-bound train,\" said the senior official.The official explained that the nine-metre buffer existed because \"in long hood forward diesel engines, the loco pilot's cabin is situated close to the rear of the engine\". The buffer ensured that the entire cabin crossed the pole before the signal turned red. \"This was done so that the loco pilot would not get confused over whether the signal had changed to red due to the movement of the wheels or technical failure,\" said the official. Now, though, WR will discontinue the use of such diesel engines altogether.Another change proposed by WR relates to operation of signals as well. It earlier had a system whereby a written memo would be issued to the motorman of the local that was stopped because of a change in the signal by a cabin controller. Though continued on Central Railway, the system was done away by WR to \"improve punctuality as sending a person to hand a memo while the train waits consumes a lot of time\". The system will now be reintroduced. On Saturday, as the Andheri stationmaster changed the signal to red, no communication took place between him and the Virar-bound local's motorman.Finally, WR has decided to increase by 10 metre the \"adequate distance\" between two face-to-face locals on the same track. Under the rail traffic system, a train switching from slow to fast track or vice versa travels for a short distance on the intermediate track (called the common portion) that is meant for locals moving in the opposite direction. While it is making the switch, any train travelling on the intermediate track is halted a little distance away at a signal.WR officials said the distance between signals and common portions will be increased to ensure that a train, when automatically braked on the rare chance of it jumping a red signal, has enough space to come to a halt before reaching the crossover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254383", "title": "Three houses in same area burgled, hunt on for culprits", "text": "COIMBATORE: Burglars broke into three houses located at Kamakshi Amman Temple Street in Karunanidhi Nagar in Ramanathapuram here on Sunday night and decamped with valuables including 12.5 sovereigns of gold. A hunt is on for the culprits.It was a rude shock for Bhuvaneswar, 34, a native of Kozhinjanpara near Palakkad, on Monday morning when he returned home with his family after a trip to Udumalpet. The backdoor of the house was found broken and the grills on the backside were completely damaged. All the draws and cupboards had been opened. A few silver utensils and 2.5 sovereigns of gold were missing.Bhuvaneswar, who runs a car furnishing shop near Nehru Stadium, had left home on Sunday morning with his family to visit his sister in Udumalpet and later went to Amanalingeswarar Temple in Thirumurthy Hills. They returned home on Monday morning at around 8 am and found the house was burgled.J Nethaji (34), business development manager of a private company in the city, lives just a stone's throw away from Bhuvaneswar's house. A native of Chennai, Nethaji took his family to the state capital for the tonsuring ceremony of his second son at a temple there scheduled for Saturday evening. He returned home at around 9 am on Monday and found the house was burgled. The front door was broke open and the looters got away with 10 sovereigns of gold.Nethaji's landlord Vidyasagar lives on the first floor of the house and police later found that his house was also burgled. A real estate promoter, Vidyasagar was away in Chennai with his family when the incident took place. Vidyasagar and his family are yet to return and ascertain what the robbers got away with. Police have informed them and they are on their way back home.According to police, the three families had failed to intimate them about their out of town trip, despite several warnings put out by them. News papers remained scattered in the front yard of each house and police believe that this may have indicated that the family was out of town.Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime and Traffic) T Senthilkumar is coordinating the investigation and police have started a massive hunt for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14253502", "title": "Villagers sell cane in absence of rain", "text": "MANDYA: Due to lack of monsoons farmers in Mandya district are selling sugar cane crop at throwaway prices to owners of jaggery units as the crops have started to wither due to water shortage.The situation has become worse after the irrigation authorities stopped releasing water to canals from Krishnarajasagara reservoir during the monsoons which started in this month.The expectations of farmers and irrigation officers that rains would take care of the standing crops suffered setback as there were no rains in Mandya district.\"What else should I do to protect my eight-month-old sugarcane crop? I was growing it in two acres of land but it later started to wither due to lack of water. The irrigation officers said no water should be released to canals as the KRS dam has dried up. Our hopes have badly shattered as lack of rain continues to haunt us. In order to minimize our losses, I sold sugarcane to a jaggery unit only at Rs 1,000 per tonne\" said Borappa, a farmer Molekoppalu villageThousands of farmers like Borappa are selling their crop to avoid a total loss from crop withering. It would be a tough situation for farmers as they cannoAt draw water from Krishnarajasagara reservoir since its' already empty. Hence, their dependence on the first monsoon showers to save their crop has become more inevitable . Even, delayed showers have badly disrupted the agriculture calendar of events.\"Usually irrigation authorities stopped the release of water from KRS dam in the last week of May. Generally it is the monsoon that takes care of standing crops. But now it could be a double whammy for farmers as they are deprived of water from canal and rain showers,\" said Konasale Narasaraju, a farmer.Farmers are selling their crop to avoid a total loss from crop withering. It would be a tough situation for them as they cannot draw water from Krishnarajasagara reservoir since it's already empty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14250864", "title": "Rain rage takes over Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: As heavy rains lashed Goa, the capital city of Panaji witnessed waterlogging at several places despite claims by the Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) earlier this month that it was ready for the monsoon. The state witnessed a torrential downpour with 10 inches of rain recorded up to 5.30pm on Monday.The 18th June Road was waterlogged twice, first around 8am in the morning and later around 12pm. Water entered a few shops but receded after some time. The Azad Maidan was also submerged for quite some time and the function to commemorate Revolution Day was held under difficult conditions.The CCP, which had constructed some new storm water drains before the monsoon, was quick to act to ensure water was drained. But despite this, some areas saw the considerable accumulation of water.CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said, \"I do not wish to give excuses, but the torrential downpour and high tide levels led to the slow receding of water.\" He added that the CCP was making all efforts to clear the water. He felt that since water was indeed draining off- albeit at a slower pace-it proved that the drains were not clogged.Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik said work was in progress to get all areas cleared soon. Since Panaji is situated on the banks of the river Mandovi, the city is affected by tidal levels. The other areas that were inundated were Panaji Gymkhana (cricket ground), KTC circle, stretches of D Bandodkar Marg, Parade grounds and Miramar.A car wash-cum-garage was also water-logged at Tambdi Mati for some time while at least a 200m stretch of the Miramar sea face-Taleigao (Adarsh) road was also submerged and vehicles negotiated it with difficulty.Expressing confidence that CCP was prepared for the monsoon, Rodrigues had on June 6 said that \"we have done our best in the short span of time that was available to us\".This time, with the Congress virtually muted, there was no sign of criticism from the opposition on the water-logging. In 2004, Youth Congress activists led by Girish Chodankar had organized a swimming programme along the flooded Dayanand Bandodkar Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14251081", "title": "Rain halts traffic in Hi-Tec City", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was just day two of the monsoon in Hyderabad and IT firms had to call it a rainy day. Well, the IT city of Hyderabad came to a complete standstill on Monday, the first working day of this monsoon. The water logging on the stretch between Kukatpally and Hi-Tec City had commuters stranded for hours with the traffic police diverting the peak hour traffic to small bylanes through Hafizpet leading to Miyapur-Kondapur stretch. The chaos on the roads in the IT hub continued till evening and many companies reported thin attendance even as some took out their laptops and started working while stuck in the jam. Many others abandoned their vehicles and walked to work. The traffic cops were at their wits end and said they wouldn't be able to manage the traffic mess if it rained for another day like this.Residents of Kukatpally, Chandanagar and Miyapur commuting to their offices in Hi-Tec City and Gachibowli were the worst hit. It all started late Sunday night when the narrow under-bridge on Kukatpally-Hi Tec City stretch got water logged and five cars were submerged in the water that had risen to four feet. Early on Monday, the traffic police closed the route and started diverting traffic and were seen struggling to remove the cars with cranes until late noon. When it started raining again in the afternoon, it added to the woes of both the cops and commuters and police personnel on duty said they had no way of draining out the water.\"I got off at Lingampally MMTS station at around 10 am but it took me an hour and a half to reach my office in Gachibowli. I missed my early morning meeting,\" said K Vijayaraghavan, an Infosys employee. He said that each time the municipal corporation claimed it was ready for the monsoon, it was not even remotely true. A few young professionals were seen parking in open spaces on the roadside and working on their laptopsThe traffic chaos on the Hi-Tec City main road had spilled over to the Miyapur -Kondapur stretch and the traffic here came to a complete standstill from 10 am to 2 pm. Since this was the closest route connecting Hi-Tec City and Kukatpally that was available to commuters through the day, it remained jammed from morning till evening. Some employees said they got stuck in raffic jam for two to three hours even as others called it a day and headed back home.It was a similar scene at the Lingampally-Gachibowli stretch. \"I was stuck in the traffic for 2-3 hours. And I was getting rather confused when the cops diverted me to a bylane. I entered the Hafizpet, Chandanagar bylanes and had no idea which route to take. I was completely unfamiliar with these routes,\" said N Rajesh Rao, who was seen stuck in his car near Hafizpet railway station. A Gangaram, inspector, Kukatpally traffic PS said that they were doing their best to ease the traffic flow but if it rained for one more day like this, it would be difficult for them to manage the traffic. Due to water logging in various parts of the city, the central emergency wing of the GHMC had also received many frantic calls from the residents.Localities in Mehdipatnam, Punjagutta, Barkatpura, Himayatnagar, King Koti, RTC X Roads and Hyderguda were reportedly affected due to heavy rain . A few trees also got uprooted because of the heavy wind and rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14255086", "title": "Property of Mukhiya murder accused attached", "text": "ARA: The chief judicial magistrate, Ara, P K Jha, on Monday ordered for attachment of property of Abhay Kumar Pandey in connection with the murder of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji. Brahmeshwar was shot near his residence at Ara on June 1.The special investigation team (SIT), probing the murder of Brahmeshwar, had sought permission from the court to attach the property of Abhay, son of Surendra Pandey, who has been absconding ever since the murder of Mukhiyaji. The SIT had arrested three persons - Monu Rai alias Ritesh Kumar, son of Manoj Kumar , Mukhiya, Kurmuri panchayat and a close associate of a JD (U) MLA, his friend Sunny alias Harshwardhan alias Rahul, and Anil, son of Surendra Pandey, in connection with the Mukhiya murder. The SIT had earlier raided the house of Abhay at Katira locality but failed to find him.Soon after the Monday court order, the SIT went to attach the property of Abhay at Katira locality under Nawada police station. The SIT members seized two motorcycles, a cycle, a bed and five sheets of asbestos from his house. However, DSP Sunil Kumar, who is heading the SIT, refused to say anything in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14244812", "title": "Saina Nehwal promises to be India's new golden girl", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a surge of pride for any Indian sports fan as 22-year-old badminton whiz Saina Nehwal ended the Chinese domination of the sport by beating her opponent Li Xueri. With this, she clinched her third Indonesia Open Super Series title, on Sunday, in Jakarta.While congratulations are in order, this superb win has raised expectations of Chennaiites, who are now hoping for an equally impressive performance at the London Olympics next month.\"Of course I'm thrilled,\" exclaims Sudheesh Reddy, entrepreneur. \"After a tight few matches and a tough week, Saina has managed well. For sure, badminton does not get the kind of coverage or support that cricket does, but this is one sport most of us in India are all too familiar with and play even on narrow streets and bylanes! Let's give it at least a portion of the money, time, resources or encouragement that we give cricket. We should be more proactive as a mass of people and celebrate this win!\"Saina Nehwal made history in 2009, becoming the first Indian to win a Super Series tournament, by clinching the Indonesia Open with a victory over the higher-ranked Chinese Wang Lin in Jakarta. This win, however, does extend to beyond just a momentary triumph.It was a tough battle for Saina against her opponent, to whom she had lost four times before and won just once before this particular game. \"The Gopichand-Saina duo has actually pulled off a tense few games. She's got grit and guts, especially given how her previous games with Li Xueri had not gone well,\" says Mahesh Ramamurthy, a student.Now all eyes are on the Olympics, where Saina's name has catapulted to the nation's best bet at the games. \"There's still time for her to relax and recuperate from the rigours of Jakarta. She needs to focus now, especially when expectations about her have compounded,\" feels G Ramkumar, doctor.Wishes Galore!Congrats Saina, Awesome win. wishing u all the best. - Radikaa Sarath Kumar, ActressSaina wins Indonesian Open! There is life beyond cricket in India. So tired of just one game hogging limelight. - Suresh, ActorMany congratulations to Saina Nehwal for winning world badminton championship. Woman, you make us a very proud Indians. Thank you! It's Saina's third win at Indonesian championship. Bravo! Looking forward to seeing Saina at the Olympics and continuing the winning streak there too. - Khushbu, Actress", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14264731", "title": "Punjab constitutes task group on health and medical education", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab Government has constituted a task group on 'Health and Medical Education' under the chairmanship of Chairman, Medical Council of India, Dr K K Talwar.A decision to this effect was taken in a meeting of Punjab Governance Reforms Commission, held here on Monday, an official release said here.The task group has decided to work in the first instance on laying down standards for availability of human resource, medicines as well as infrastructure in the public health facilities at various levels.It was agreed that there is a need for better networking of the Government hospitals and medical institutions, including through telemedicine for the benefit of the citizens.The group headed by Talwar, a former Director of PGIMER here, also decided to examine the provisions of the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 with a view to developing a model for regulating private healthcare without bringing in 'Inspector Raj' in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14251938", "title": "UP govt revokes order to malls to shut at 7pm", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after it issued an order prohibiting shops and malls in UP from doing business after 7 pm, the government rolled back the order, faced with stiff resistance from the opposition and traders' associations. The labour department issued a fresh statement saying malls and shops may follow earlier timings. It also waived the restriction on restaurants that had been ordered to shut down by 10 pm. The controversial order had been issued on Sunday for a 15-day period to help the state overcome its severe power crisis.But there was much confusion over the order on Monday. First, urban development minister Azam Khan tried to pass the labour department directive as just an \"advisory\" and \"not an order\". Then PWD minister Shiv Pal Singh Yadav said it was not possible to provide power to commercial establishments after 7 pm and restaurants after 10 pm. Yadav, however, backtracked from his statement later in the day.The statements were made on the floor of the house on Monday after the opposition staged a protest. Traders, meanwhile, had taken to the streets across the state calling the order \"dictatorial\" and \"highly unpopular\".While Azam Khan tried to dub the order as an \"advisory\", the labour department in its Sunday order had spoken of strict action against shops and malls that failed to adhere to the direction. In fact, labour department officials had said that police help may be taken to enforce the decision.On Monday, traders and shopkeepers rushed to the DMs' offices in different districts and handed over a memorandum addressed to the chief minister. In Lucknow, shopkeepers and traders protested under the banner of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal. They argued that not only would an early shutdown inconvenience shopkeepers and the common man, but also cause revenue loss to the government.Association president Sanjay Gupta said all shops will continue to open and close at the usual time. He, however, said that traders are willing to adopt power-saving practices. \"Traders do understand the power crisis. But there is a way to handle it. There will be cut down in the use of ACs and decorative lights,\" he said. The state government, he said, should have first spoken to the traders before taking such a decision.Average per-day demand shot up to 12,000 MW against a supply of less than 10,000 MW. Tripping of thermal power plants following technical snags and shortage of coal further compounded the problem. According to Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre, 10 power plants had tripped, leading to a shortage of around 1800 MW.The Uttar Pradesh government has mercifully had the sense to withdraw its order forcing malls and shops to shut at 7pm. While a shortage of power is a reality, to single out one lot for a complete shutdown for a part of the 24-hour cycle makes little sense. UP's consumers, whether they are commercial entities or residential societies, are used to the idea that they will face power cuts for hours and many have created back-up capacities. In the long run, the state must ensure more reliable supply for all. In the short run, it should do the best it can and let the consumers cope as they are rather than ordering some to stop consuming power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253538", "title": "Weather gives a brief relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After days of scorching weather, Monday brought some respite with the mercury falling to 36 degree celsius. Even as the day was cloudy and windy, the meteorological department predicted that the weather conditions would not prevail for long.\"The sudden change was due to the change of wind spectrum,\" said met director Surinder Paul. The weather is expected to be clear on Tuesday, with the temperature hovering around 44 degree celsius.The met department said eastern winds brought the brief relief. \"May saw sharp fluctuations, but June did not. The coming days will see the mercury rising constantly and crossing 41 degree mark. With the increase in temperature, the weather will remain dry, days sunny and nights windy,\" the department added.Meanwhile, residents made the most of overcast Monday by hanging out at the tourist spots. Sukhna Lake was humming with activity despite the low water level. Apart from tourists, many locals thronged it. Students appearing for different entrance examinations at PU were happy with the brief relief. Surbhi Goyal, who appeared for an entrance exam, said, \"Thank god the weather was better today. But we were still sweating, not because of sizzling conditions, but exam stress.\"Gurinder Singh, a resident of Sector 35, said, \"The weather threw up a pleasant surprise. We hope the conditions will continue to be the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14265229", "title": "Dell: India best place for women entrepreneurs", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has emerged as the best place for women entrepreneurs to start business with high level of optimism on various factors that are important to judge business growth, says a study by PC maker Dell.\"According to the study commissioned by Dell, we have found the ideal country for a woman starting a business in 2012 could well be India,\" Dell Chairman (Global Emerging Markets) and President (Asia Pacific) Amit Midha said.In Dell Women's Global Entrepreneurship Study conducted across 450 women entrepreneur across India, the US and the UK by research firm Penn Schoen Berland found that Indian women entrepreneur are confident on their business growth compared to counterparts in the US and the UK.The study found Women Entrepreneur in India expect 90 per cent growth in their business over period of five years compared to 24 per cent and 50 per cent growth in business expected by entrepreneur in the UK and the US respectively.In terms of technology usage to promote their business, 74 per cent Indian women entrepreneur said that their technology need is getting more complex compared to 45 per cent in the US and 51 per cent in the UK.Around 90 per cent of women entrepreneurs in India said they are using technology to support day-to-day operations. However, this trend was low in women entrepreneur in the US and the UK at 80 per cent and 70 per cent respectively.The study found that getting fund for business has been biggest challenge for business across geographies.\"Women across geographies struggle to get fund for their business. The difference between funding issue between them and male entrepreneur is that they have issues even in approaching for fund,\" Dell's Chief Marketing Officer Karen Quintos said.Women entrepreneurs in India needs an average of $9,376 in start-up capital for business, compared to $8,060 required in the UK and $19,985 in the US, the study said.Women entrepreneurs in India and the US find banks or credit unions as most difficult source for obtaining funds.Easiest source for getting funds for women entrepreneur in the US is family members, the UK is friends and for Indian women entrepreneur it is Angel investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254363", "title": "BrahMos shuts down library", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four months ago, BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Limited (BATL), a leading missile integration and defence production unit in the state, shut down its library and reading room.Other BrahMos units in the country have a technical library and other facilities as part of employees' welfare.The company is governed by an independent board of directors and is headed by chairman Dr A Sivathanu Pillai.The BATL management said: \"Reading room and club is not within the scope of BrahMos. It is the company's decision following de-recognition of trade unions after taking over of Kerala Hi-tech Industries Limited (Keltech) by Brahmos Aerospace in December 2007.\"Employees at BATL are, however, upset. \"We had a club with facilities such as carom board. That, too, has been shut,\" says one of them.For the last four years employees and the management at BATL have been at loggerheads over various issues.\"We believe the company's productivity can be enhanced without affecting the welfare of the workers,\" said Abdul Salaam, general secretary of the BrahMos Trade Union.A spokesperson for the management said the company has ensured reasonable pay for its employees and has a workmen's welfare committee to represent the employees.BrahMos Aerospace Limited is a joint venture between the DRDO at Centre and NPOM Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251150", "title": "Solve laughter club 'nuisance': HC to police", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday asked the police to solve the problem of a laughter club after a family of lawyers sought legal action to stop the alleged nuisance created outside their building next to Sheetal Talao in Kurla (W).A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by a family of lawyers-Vinayak Shirsat, his son Shreeram and daughter-in-law Deepti-urging the court to stop the \"mental agony, pain and public nuisance\" caused by the club's members who gather near their building.At a previous hearing, the judges had directed the Vinoba Bhave Nagar police to immediately \"stop the nuisance\" created by the club.Additional government pleader Aruna Pai sought time to take instructions from the police station concerned. The judges then said the police must solve the problem. \"Solve this problem. This is (an) unnecessary headache... people coming and laughing outside your house,\" said Justice Bobde.Earlier, when the judges asked Shirsat's advocate Veena Thadani if notices had been served on the club, they were informed that the club was not registered. \"There are 15-20 members. Some others exercise,\" said Thadani. She also told the court that they were not residents of the area. \"They don't belong to the area. It's the 'NIMBY' (not in my backyard) phenomenon.\" The matter will next be heard on June 28.The petition said despite appeals to the club members, they refused to lower their voice and remained defiant. It also said Vinayak's health was being affected by the \"cacophony caused by the laughter, clapping, bhajans and shouts of encouragement\". Vinayak and his wife are 78 and 70 years old, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14253596", "title": "Corporations blame govt for cash crunch", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly formed municipal corporations are facing a serious financial crisis. The corporations don't have the money to pay salaries to its employees. The mayors say the agencies have funds only for paying this month's salaries. BJP , the ruling party in all three corporations, blames the Delhi government for the crisis. It says the government has not yet released a loan of Rs 1,831 crore.\"We don't have the wherewithal to pay our employees. We might get by this month, but we don't know how will we manage afterwards,\" said Mira Aggarwal, mayor of the north corporation. Aggarwal claims that despite reminders, the Delhi government is ignoring their demand. \"We have sent several reminders for the loan. I'm now going to write to LG Tejendra Khanna. How can the corporations function without money?\" said Aggarwal.The corporations are finding it difficult to carry out their day-to-day functioning. Several of the schemes, such as pension to the old and widows, grant-in-aid to NGOs and retirement fund to municipal employees, have been put on hold. \"We don't have money for routine work. How can we plan new developmental projects? It's been one and a half months since the corporation was formed, but we have not been able to take any significant decision,'' said Annapurna Mishra, mayor of the east corporation. \"We have not given pension and grants for nearly a year. The government is not even allowing us to do basic work,'' said Aggarwal.The Delhi government has approved a loan of Rs 1,831 crore, including Rs 600 crore for paying contractors, which was to be divided between the north and east corporations. The north corporation was to get Rs 790 crore and the east Rs 440 crore. The request for release of Rs 600 crore for the payment of contractors was made last month. But officials say the government is yet to release the fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251348", "title": "Government suspends Additional director general over Pune prison murder", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Union home minister P Chidambaram expressed concern over the death of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in Pune's Yerawada jail, the state government on Monday suspended outgoing additional director general of police (prisons) Prakash Pawar in connection with the June 8 incident.Pawar, an IPS officer of the 1984 batch who took over as ADG (prisons) in May last year, has been transferred and replaced by Pune police commissioner Meeran Borwankar. His new posting is ADG (training).While Pawar was non-committal on receiving the suspension order, a senior home department official confirmed to TOI that the ADG has been placed under suspension in connection with Siddiqui's murder.Expressing surprise at the state's move, a section of senior IPS officials said it was wrong on the part of the government to place such a high-ranking police official under suspension. \"The state has already suspended the jail superintendent and a high-level probe has been ordered. It's not expected from an official of the rank of ADG to personally monitor what happens in each and every cell of a jail. Instead of taking action against the DIG and IG, the government has chosen to suspend the ADG. We feel he is being made the scapegoat,'' a senior IPS official said.On June 11, Chidambaram held a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, director general of police K Subramanyam, Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and ATS chief Rakesh Maria on the Yerawada jail incident.The home department official said Chidambaram expressed shock at the \"near collapse of the jail administration\" and asked the CM to fix responsibility for dereliction of duty at all levels.Qateel's KillingOn June 8, IM operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, accused of executing terror attacks in Bangalore and Delhi and being involved in the attempt to blow up Pune's Dagadusheth Ganpati temple, was strangled two other inmates-Sharad Mohol and Ashok Bhalerao-in a high- security cell of Yerawada jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14257297", "title": "Breathe easy, valleys to be rid of sewage water", "text": "While the BBMP doesn't want its men to clean unhygienic storm water drains, BWSSB has chalked out a plan to ensure that crucial storm water valley systems are free of sewage water.BWSSB wants to divert as much sewage water as possible from the major storm water drain valleys of Koramangala, Challaghatta , Hebbal and Vrishabhavati. While the work on cleaning up Challaghatta Valley is almost over, Koramangala valley will be ready by this month-end . The Hebbal Valley will be rid of sewage by September, while Vrishabhavati Valley will be completed by next year.The projects to clean up storm water valleys had been taken up under Environment Action Plan (EAP) Part A in 2004, but it was taken up again in 2010 as there was no progress. BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta told TOI that works had been speeded up internally and the board has set an internal target to ensure zero sewage flow into storm water drains and lakes of these valleys before monsoon this year. The project had gone slow mainly because BWSSB was unable to locate trunk sewers, while the other utilities were not ready to disturb power transmission lines and allow digging roads.The project entails replacing sewer lines spanning a length of 22.41 km. \"We were hindered by a number of utilities and our own departmental flaws. But now we have been able to overcome all stumbling blocks and make sure that before this monsoon, the stench in these valleys will be minimized,\" Gupta told TOI.He said the new trunk sewers and arterial sewers in the sewerage network are more than 2.4 metres in diameter and have a longer service life. The older sewers had either been corroded or are choking with silt, rendering them useless. Besides, sewage from Ulsoor did not flow into the Challaghatta lake, throwing a pall of stench over Ulsoor.Gupta said, \"We found that most lateral sewage lines were not connected to the trunk sewers and the main trunk sewers were corroded or choking. The whole work was tedious but I have made it a point to complete it this year. Otherwise another monsoon will make the situation worse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252136", "title": "DJB to pay 22,000 as damages for not reading meter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Jal Board has been ordered by a consumer forum to pay Rs 22,000 as damages for not reading a new meter installed with the result that the bills were generated on \"average basis\" for long periods of time since 2003. The Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (southwest) ordered that Rs 10,000 of the amount will go to the State Consumer Welfare Fund and the rest to the complainant as compensation.Anil Kumar Juneja of Badarpur got a new meter installed in 2003. The connection was in the name of his deceased father. Since the installation, he alleged, no official from DJB visited the premises to take readings and bills were generated on \"average basis.\" Their excuse was that the \"meter is stopped\" or the \"premises were found locked.\" Juneja complained several times and things would go back to normal with meter readers visiting for a few months and then disappearing again. Juneja complained to DJB in 2008, and for the next two years before going to court. He, however, had filed the case against one particular meter-reader, but DJB appeared on its employee's behalf. The \"remaining credit\" with DJB by end of 2010 was Rs 35.In its defence, DJB said the complainant is not a registered customer as the connection is in his father's name - an argument the forum, with Narendra Kumar as president, dismissed. DJB also denied having received any complaint from Juneja. Directing the complainant to \"fully cooperate\" with officials, the bench said, \"We have found that the allegations made by the complainant are justified and the OP have failed to redress his grievances despite having been told since 2004 ...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253142", "title": "Panjab University to get vice-chancellor soon, freeze on selection off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's official now. Panjab University will soon get its new vice-chancellor. PU chancellor and vice-president Hamid Ansari has \"lifted the freeze imposed by his office on the work of search committee to find new VC\".This search committee, comprising retired Justice Leila Seth as convenor and Dr P Rama Rao and ambassador I S Chadha, has now been asked to suggest three names for selection of new VC \"at the earliest\".However, no specified time has been mentioned by the chancellor's office in its official communication.The term of the present vice-chancellor of Panjab University, R C Sobti is expiring on July 22 and Ansari had formed this committee on February 9 to draw up a panel of three names.Subsequently, there had been some objections, with members of certain quarters at PU arguing that the constitution of the expert committee is not in accordance with the \"UGC Regulations on Minimum Qualifications for Appointment of Teachers and other Academic Staff in Universities and Colleges and Measures for the Maintenance of Standards in Higher Education 2010\".The chancellor office then sought advice from the Government of India on the matter.In an interesting turn of events, the ministry of human resource and development replied to the chancellor that there are \"complications in these UGC regulations\" that are being talked about. In April 2010, it was decided that a re-examination of these UGC norms would be done. Hence, the search committee has been asked to go ahead now and give three names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14265348", "title": "Life's become quieter after Aaradhya's birth: Aishwarya", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has admitted that her life has changed for the better since the birth of her daughter, Aaradhya, last November and insisted that family is now her priority.But the former Miss World said she'll be back in front of the camera when the right role comes, Gulf News reported.Rai Bachchan, who has been voted as Best Mother alongside Angelina Jolie in an online poll, travelled to Cannes with her baby.In an exclusive interview with a newspaper after her first post-pregnancy Cannes appearance, Rai Bachchan talks about life with Aaradhya, getting back to work and her post-pregnancy body - and her advice to working mums: \"Don't be too hard on yourself.\"Asked how has life changed after giving birth to Aaradhya, she relied: \"Life has become quieter, which is very nice; I am spending a lot of time with her and just enjoying being a family.\"And when asked whether travelling and keeping your work commitments such as brand appearances has become difficult after becoming a mother, she said: \"I have learnt to manage my time better with work so that my family time isn't compromised too much. I prefer to take her with me on travels when the commitments are not too tight. My mother accompanies me to help with Aaradhya, so I am blessed that way.\"While many people have commented online about your post-pregnancy body, but Rai Bachchan says she's not bothered about it.\"It isn't surprising because in this industry it comes as standard when an actress becomes a mother the focus isn't on her health, it's how fast she lose her weight, I don't worry about this; to me, the wellbeing and the health of my family is more important than focusing on going back to my pre-pregnancy body in miracle time. It should not be taken to extremes,\" she said.She also offered some advice to women who are trying to tackle both motherhood and their work.\"Don't be too hard on yourself, and take time to relax and connect with your newborn. At times this seems impossible but it's an essential part of juggling motherhood and a career successfully,\" she stated.\"And no matter what you do, don't forget about yourself. I believe that when you look good, you feel good and more confident, so caring for your hair, skin and body should not stop. If anything, you should do more of that so you are refreshed and positive when you're around your child and family,\" she added.Asked when she will make a comeback to films she said: \"I like to choose roles that are meaningful and where I can contribute to the telling of a story. When the right role arises I will be back in front of the camera.\"According to her motherhood is a beautiful experience that \"makes you recognise so many things in life that you never realised before. Your priorities, your feelings and your future completely changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14249626", "title": "Manipur polo team hailed for Drass win", "text": "IMPHAL: Amid collective efforts to save Manipuri ponies from extinction, a prominent horse-riding body of the state on Sunday felicitated the Manipur Polo team that bagged the 4th Lalit Suri Polo Champion Trophy at the picturesque Viswanathan stadium in Drass, Jammu and Kashmir, on June 9.Incidentally, the majestic and harsh game of polo has its origin in Manipur. The Guinness Book of Records in its 1991 edition says: \"Polo: Origins: Origins of Polo can be traced to origins in Manipur State circa 3100 BC when it was played as Sagol Kangjei (horse stick).\"Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah , who inaugurated the match in presence of senior army officers and prominent personalities, handed over the trophy and a cash reward of Rs 50,000 to the winning team. Jawan Singh was also adjudged the most valuable player in the match and bagged a cash prize of Rs 5000.In a simple but impressive function, the victorious Manipur team was felicitated by the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) at its pony breeding farm premises at Lamphelpat here. \"We are happy to win the prestigious trophy. We played with the best technique and as advised by our coach,\" said team captain S Bimol Singh.MHRPA president S Budhachandra Singh pointed out that the association has organized many international polo championships in Imphal and said another championship would be held during the Manipur tourism festival in November. \"We are expecting four countries besides India-A and India-B teams,\" said Budhachandra, a retired IAS officer .Commenting on the fate of Manipuri ponies that are facing extinction, Budhachandra said the association is manning the pony breeding farm. \"As per estimates, the population of ponies Manipur is below 1,000. It is a grim figure for a species that is nearing extinction. Now, the number of ponies reared at our farm has increased to 80,\" he said. He added that the government has allotted 30 acre of land in Lamphelpat to set up a bigger breeding farm a short distance from the present location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251409", "title": "11 years later, accused in two murder cases held", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police on Monday arrested an absconding accused in a murder case from near the Candolim market. They also arrested, recently, another whose appeal against a five-year sentence for murder was rejected by the Supreme Court.In the first incident, PI Nolasco Raposo said the accused, Vinayak Simepuruskar, a resident of Nerul, is wanted in the murder case of Sunil Dungdu, 30, a native of Jharkhand. The murder was committed on April 3, 2001, at Arradi-Candolim, by four accused who had come in a car. Six persons were arrested, while Simepuruskar, allegedly a criminal involved in many cases of robbery and house break-ins, was absconding.On Monday police received information that Simepuruskar was in Candolim market and a team rushed to the spot and arrested him. He will be produced before JMFC, Mapusa, for remand on Tuesday.In the other case, Calangute police arrested Joao Badgi Fernandes, an alleged accused in a murder case, after the Supreme Court rejected his appeal against a high court order convicting him to five years in prison.Police said that at 11pm on May 10, 2001, Fernandes and Mansoor Gujarati stabbed Ajay Pal Singh and Sanjay Singh at the former's home. Ajay died en route to GMC. While the Panaji Sessions Court had acquitted Fernandes, the high court, hearing the police appeal, had sentenced him to five years imprisonment. This ruling was upheld by the SC. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251225", "title": "Change only on face, staff whims still the same", "text": "NEW DELHI: Playing the passport authority's servers to book an appointment is nothing compared to facing its officers, who are armed with seemingly arbitrary powers. It's not enough to follow the guidelines on to the letter \u2014 even if you arrange all the documents and complete all the formalities, they can frustrate your hopes with surprise demands.Dhawal Mane, a passport applicant, has had firsthand experience of this 'shifting goal post' process. \"I applied for my passport about three months ago and have still not received it despite almost 10 visits to the office. It's not because of my failure to produce the necessary documents, but the constant, relentless greed of these passport officials. The officer keeps on asking me to submit and resubmit certain documents, invents his own new procedures which are not necessary, only because he knows that I need a passport urgently and I would finally succumb to this pressure and engage an agent who will give them their cut.\"The taking over of passport services by Tata Consultancy Services has not helped, Mane said. \"On the face of it, we have air-conditioned halls, well behaved staff and a convenient application procedure; but beyond that, it is all the same. It is surprising how Indians in the US and UK can get their passports renewed there in four days when it takes ages here in India.\"Even renewing a passport is cumbersome. \"They asked me to produce a verification certificate (annexure F). All my efforts to reason with them that mine was just a renewal and that I had undergone all such formalities before went in vain. They simply told me that PSKs reserve the right to demand any document not mentioned online. I spent the whole day running from one office to another,\" said a senior mediaperson on condition of anonymity.The official website lists 15 documents as identity proof , of which three are mandatory; annexure F is mandatory only when an applicant fails to produce the three. So, why do the PSKs demand annexure F? There are no clear answers. The passport helpline number (18002581800) doesn't really help. When we pointed out the differences between the information given online and offline, the agent repeated the rider mentioned by the interactive voice response system that \"different PSKs may have different requirements\", and hung up.Chief passport officer Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi said annexure F has been made mandatory as in some cases fake voter ID cards and driving licences were submitted by applicants. \"We also found that some officers had been issuing verification documents in bulk. Therefore, we had to make the process a bit stringent to prevent such fraud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14254570", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation starts survey to identify illegal water connections", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation on Sunday launched a campaign to root out illegal water connections across its 60 wards. With nearly 75,000 authorized connections in domestic, non-domestic, industrial, and commercial and construction site categories, the civic body in a bid to ascertain the exact number of connections has embarked on a comprehensive survey that it hopes to complete in three weeks.The survey personnel will visit households, hotels, shops, construction and industrial sites. In instances where connection are found to be illegal, they will be given time upto June 30 to legalize it.Fines will be imposed and criminal complaints will be lodged against those found with illegal connections after that. To obtain water connection legally during the survey, people may contact MCC junior engineers - Abdul Khader (9448216005) for wards 1-6; Krishnamurthy Reddy (9741635737) for wards 7-12 and 60; Richard D'Souza (9448549167) for wards 13-21; and 23-28; KC Ganapathy (9448391585); wards 22, 29-38; and 41-44; Nithyananda (9141314108) for wards 39-40, 46-51; and Muhammad Ashraf (9448445982) for wards 52-59.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14255369", "title": "Microsoft forays into tablet market, unveils Surface to take on Apple's iPad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after Apple unveiled iPad and Steve Jobs declared the beginning of post-PC era, Microsoft formally entered the tablet market on June 19. At an event in Los Angeles , the company announced 10.6-inch tablet called Surface.Microsoft, however, did not announce any prices. The company said that prices will be competitive with other tablets running on ARM processors.Microsoft Surface: 8 things to knowMicrosoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that the company had made some good hardware in the past and the time was ripe for it to enter the tablet market. \"Much like Windows 1 needed the mouse, we wanted to give Windows 8 its own hardware,\" he said.There will be two models of Surface. One will run ARM processor that will support Windows RT, a version of Windows 8 on which only the Metro apps will work. The ARM version is 9.3mm thick and weighs 676 gram. Microsoft said that Surface with ARM processor will also run MS Office 15, aiming to woo the professional users who have stayed away from iPad because it lacks a full productivity suite. The tablet also supports USB 2.The Surface with Intel processor will support all apps, including the legacy apps that people use on full computers. This version of Surface will also have a higher resolution screen, bigger battery, USB 3 ports instead of USB 2 and will run Windows 8 Professional. However, all the extra features and hardware come at the cost of design. The Surface with Intel processor will be 13.5 mm thick and will weigh 903 gram.Both tablets are built using a magnesium case. Microsoft is calling it VaporMg Case. Both also have inbuilt kickstand that will allow users to put down the tablets vertically on a table, making video playback a more enjoyable experience.Apart from relying on Windows 8, which is likely to be more flexible and powerful operating software compared to iOS that powers iPad, Microsoft is hoping to take on Apple's tablet with help of a special cover. The company said it has designed two special covers for its tablets. While one of these covers offers a touch keyboard that can be attached to the tablet, the other cover has a 5mm physical keyboard.Apple's iPad has proved incredibly successful. The tablet is so popular that now it has started to hit the laptop market, impacting Microsoft's business. Also, with computers giving way to devices that are sleek and support always-on connectivity, Apple, Google and Microsoft are embroiled in a fight for the future of computers. Microsoft's announcement comes several days ahead of Google IO where the Android maker is likely to announce its own tablet to take on iPad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14254014", "title": "Truck rams into tractor, 4 killed", "text": "ALWAR: Four persons were killed when a truck rammed into a tractor trolley at Aronda village under Nadbai police station area in Bharatpur district.The incident occurred on Monday morning when the tractor trolley with the four labourers was on the way to Nadbai. A rashly-driven truck rammed into it, following which the trolley overturned and the four men were crushed under it, police said.A rescue team rushed to the spot, and pulled out the men from under the trolley which was also carrying sand to be delivered to a farm.\"All of them were declared brought dead at the government hospital in Bharatpur. The deceased are Amrit Lal Jaatav(30), Babu Lal(28), Chotey Lal( 29) and tractor driver Ranveer Singh ,\" a police officer said.Later, some labourers blocked the road demanding the arrest of the trucker, who managed to flee. A case of death due to negligence has been registered against the driver, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "14255298", "title": "Pillion rider falls from bike, dies", "text": "HASSAN: A 55-year-old woman died after falling from bike at Kondajji Koppalu in Hassan taluk on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Suvarna, a resident of Kumabara Beedi in Hassan.Suvarna was pillion riding on her son's two-wheeler when she lost balance and fell on the road.They were returning home after visiting Puradamma temple. Though Suvarna, who suffered severe injuries, was taken to the district government hospital, she was declared brought dead.A case has been registered at Hassan traffic police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252708", "title": "Bill extending Lokayukta tenure passed by assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly on Monday passed the UP Lokayukta and Deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill extending the tenure of Lokayukta and its deputy to eight years and making provisions for payment of up to Rs 50,000 in fine, in case a false or frivolous complaint against a public servant is lodged. As per the amendment, the Lokayukta and deputy Lokayukta will now also be required to remain in office until a new appointment is made.According to new amendments, security money to be deposited by complainants has also been doubled from the current Rs 1000 to Rs 2000. The bill, which was tabled in the legislative assembly on June 14, has also empowered the Lok Ayukta or her deputy to fine complainants in cases where the complaint is believed to have been filed with a mala fide intention or with an objective of insulting a public servant.In such cases, the amended Act makes provision for the investigation to be closed and a fine of up to Rs 50,000 to be imposed on the complainant. In case the complainant is unable to deposit the fine within two months of the order, the Act mandates recovery of the sum from the complainant like land revenue is recovered from property by the district magistrate.The Act also empowers the Lokayukta and the deputy Lokayukta to compensate a public servant with an amount not exceeding the fine, in cases where it has been established that the complain was unjust and the employee was defamed.Though BJP leaders Hukum Singh and Radhamohan Das Agarwal and BSP leader Ramvir Upadhyay proposed that the bill should be handed over to a standing committee for recommendation within a month from the date of presentation of the bill, it was unanimously passed the state legislature on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249812", "title": "Road safety council to conduct survey on accidents", "text": "GUWAHATI: The State Road Safety Council (SRSC), Assam on Monday decided to conduct a detailed survey on all the accidents that occurred in the state in the last three years. The survey report will aim to assess the various problems that lead to road accidents and make necessary arrangements to increase road safety.The SCRC has appointed the state PWD (roads), the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), the state transport department and the state police to carry out this survey and to submit the report within two months.\"The report will point out the main causes of accidents on various roads of the state. After the report is submitted, the council will prepare another draft detailing the necessary arrangements to be made by the state government,\" said Dwijen Das, DTO (Guwahati Metro).The council also directed the NHAI to prepare a report on the status of basic amenities available for travellers along the highways in the state. \"The NHAI has been asked to do a survey on the basic facilities that are available for travellers on the highways of the state. The survey will mention the existing facilities of toilets, guest houses, restrooms, medical facilities and refreshment points etc available by the side of highways,\" added Das.The SRSC has decided to sit for a regular assessment of road safety in the state every two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250819", "title": "Double murder: Employee, two others arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police on Monday arrested three persons in connection with the June 1 Pet Basheerabad double murder case and recovered Rs 1.24 lakh in cash from their possession.The accused are, A Ramana Chary, A Janardhan of Nizamabad and G Narender of Karimnagar. The trio have been arrested in the case involving the murder of DCM van owner-cum-driver D Tirupati, 25 and Shaik Ankush, 45, near Pet Basheerabad and theft of Rs 4.7 cash from the deceased.Explaining the sequence of events, Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said that the victims were on their way to Kattedan on business when the murder occurred. They had been engaged by businessman Ch Chatrapathi of Metpally to purchase and transport edible oil from a manufacturer.Chatrapathi undertook a search along the route between Metpally and the city upon finding the victims' cellphones unreachable for an entire day after they took on the job. He finally found the van parked by the road at Pet Basheerabad.Chatrapathi also found the bodies of Tirupati and Ankush in the bushes by the road a little distance away from where the truck was parked. He immediately approached police who registered a case. During their investigation, police found that the van's regular driver, A Ramana Chary, had complained of sickness on the day of the incident and taken leave.Police took him into custody and during interrogation, Chary confessed to the crime, naming his brother Janardhan and uncle Narender as his accomplices. \"The trio was facing financial problems and Chary, who knew about the frequent edible oil purchase trips, came up with the idea to loot the cash by murdering Ankush,\" the commissioner said. As per the plan, Chary first introduced his associates to the victims at Metpally where they all consumed liquor. Subsequently, when he was supposed to leave with the cargo, Chary reported sick, forcing Tirupati to take the wheel.Immediately after the victims started from Metpally, Chary alerted his associates who were waiting at Medchal. The duo then intercepted the van at Medchal bus stop and invited the victims to come and have a drink with them at a nearby liquor shop. After the victims became totally drunk, the accused took them to an isolated spot and slit their throats, the commissioner said. The accused have been produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256071", "title": "Rajarhat to get five-storey parking plaza", "text": "KOLKATA: With the numbers of cars set to go up in the Rajarhat-New Town area, authorities have decided to set up a multistoried community car parking plaza in the township.Rajarhat New Town is going to get its first multistoried community car parking plaza, keeping in mind the future projection that thousands of cars will come at the area.The parking plaza, a first in the area, will be a five-storied building and will come up on a one- acre plot in Action Area - I.While 85% of the built-up area will accommodate the car parking facilities, the remaining 15% will be used for allied commercial activities like food stalls or a coffee shop. The plaza will have room for about 500 cars, with around 100 cars on each floor and will also have ramp arrangements for entry and exit of vehicles.Most of the built up area, about 85% as the authority has decided, will be accommodated for car parking facilities and the remaining 15% or so area will be used for other allied commercial activities like food stalls or coffee shop. The parking plaza will accommodate about 500 cars, with about a hundred cars on each floor.The authorities are keen to implement the project on a public-private-partnership basis. The West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) will hence invite private sector developers for implementing the project. \"Parking of vehicles in New Town is a concern that we want to look into. The plot will be developer will be handed over to the developer on a lease for plot for a lease of 30 years,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen.The West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) is inviting private sector developers for implementing the project. \"Parking of vehicles in New Town is a concern that we want to look into. The developer will be handed over the plot for a lease of 30 years,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen. The parking plaza will have ramp arrangements for vehicles to enter and exit out.A few weeks back, the chief minister had chaired a meeting in which it was decided that the city and its surroundings need multistoried parking plazas to reduce on-road parking and traffic congestion. Rajarhat New Town is one such township where the necessity for proper parking space is on the rise.At present, there is a huge inflow of vehicular traffic in Action Area-I where the central business district is slated to come up. Once the area turns into a commercial zone, thousands of vehicles will enter the area, giving rise to the need of parking space.According to a traffic and transportation study that was conducted by the previous Hidco board, Rajarhat-New Town will account for about 10 lakh passenger trips per day at the maximum and the main arterial road will take the pressure to accommodate the highest number of vehicles plying through Rajarhat. The present hourly vehicle count on the road is more than 1,000.Traffic experts said the Hidco authorities needed to chalk out a proper traffic plan from now on, which will include setting up of grade separators and multi-tier elevated corridors to manage the future growth of traffic in the area.It was decided in a meeting chaired by the chief minister a few weeks back that the city and its surrounding need more multi storied parking plazas to reduce on-road parking and traffic congestion. Rajarhat New Town is one such upcoming township where there will be tremendous inflow of vehicular traffic and the need for proper parking space will arise very soon.Presently, there is already a huge inflow of vehicular traffic in Action Area I and the central business district will come up close by. Thousands of cars and other vehicles will enter into the area and there will be a tremendous problem of parking if the matter gets unnoticed from now.According to a traffic and transportation study that was conducted by the previous Hidco board, Rajarhat New Town will account for about 10 lakh passenger trips per day at the maximum and the main arterial road will take the pressure to accommodate the highest number of vehicles plying through Rajarhat. The present hourly vehicle count on the road is more than 1,000. Traffic experts said the Hidco authorities needed to chalk out a proper traffic plan from now itself, which will include setting up grade separators and multi-tier elevated corridors to manage the future growth of traffic in New Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251796", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal in Indore today to mobilize people against corruption", "text": "INDORE: Core member of team Anna, Arvind Kejriwal will be in the city on Tuesday in order to mobilize support for their anti-corruption campaign.Team Anna is planning to begin a national level campaign demanding to set up an independent inquiry committee before July 25, against the 15 cabinet ministers who are facing corruption charges. Team Anna has decided to protest nationwide if the inquiry committee does not set up. Hence, in order to mobilize support for their upcoming protest, members of the team are visiting different cities and addressing people to spread the message.A communique of their campaign 'India Against Corruption' (IAC) reads that charges of corruption had been levelled against 15 cabinet ministers of union government by the Supreme Court, CAG and media. Thus IAC is demanding to set up an independent inquiry committee to inquire about the charges of corruption and that the committee should submit its report within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252200", "title": "First horticulture train leaves from Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The first special horticulture train carrying onions from Nashik farmers left for Kolkata on Monday, providing a new avenue for transporting agricultural goods to distant places in the country in less time and expenditure.The container rake docked at the Kherwadi railway station, north of the Nashik Road station, to receive the cargo. The horticulture express, according to officials, would deliver consignments to Chitpur near Kolkata, covering 1,800km in 36 hours. Currently, onions are transported by trucks that need at least 120 hours for the journey.The dedicated special train, designed to carry agricultural produce across the country, has been introduced jointly by the National Horticulture Board and the Container Corporation of Railways (ConCor). It will help farmers and traders from Nashik to reach markets in West Bengal in less time and costs, A Farooq, an agent who booked the train at Kherwadi in Nashik district said. Kherwadi is a centrally located railway station having proximity to Niphad, Lasalgaon and Pimpalgaon, major onion producing towns in the country.\"We used to transport onions in goods trains earlier as well, but the box wagons were less helpful for transportation as they generally had no ventilation and the doors had to be kept open, though they were sealed by wooden planks. This led to theft of the produce. Now we have specially designed containers which have good ventilation, which will also help increase the shelf life of the produce,\" Farooq said.Earlier, it would take more than 120 hours at the cost of Rs 40,000 per container to transport 16 tonne of onions, while the same will now cost Rs 32,000 and travel time will be just 36 hours, Farooq said.The Nashik director of the National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF), R P Gupta, said that the train would help give a boost to traders and growers in the region.\"The traders and the growers, so also the consumers, will benefit from the reduced time of travel between the two destinations. The design of the containers is almost satisfactory because we feel that some more ventilation has to be added to it. The ventilation on the top, bottom and sides is good, but more is required at the centre, front and rear ends as well,\" Gupta noted.Small traders and farmers to benefitSmall farmers and traders, who had to cough up huge sums to transport goods to Kolkata, won't have to bear with carting agents anymore as the new train promises to deliver goods, even in small quantities, to the unit of one container without agents or middleman, Changdeorao Holkar, managing committee member, National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation, said.\"Even small farmers who wish to transport goods to various destinations now have the chance to do so without coughing up huge sums to middle-men or clearing agents. All that farmers and agents have to do is go to the Railways and book one or two containers, as per their requirement, make the payment and fix the date when the rake will available for transport,\" Holkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249664", "title": "New law to settle housing society disputes soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Having made provisions for formation of a housing regulatory authority that looks after the interests of buyers, the state has now turned its attention on resolving niggling issues concerning cooperative housing societies.Cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil on Monday said the government was in the process of bringing out a new legislation in this regard within six months.Patil said that the move is necessitated by an increase in internal disputes in cooperative housing societies.There are about 95,000 registered cooperative housing societies in the state. Of these, about 75,000 are in Mumbai and Thane. With a 9% increase in the total number of housing societies, the state government is expecting a further increase in the number of housing societies.With lack of uniformity in provisions of the existing bylaws, Patil said that disputes pertaining to membership rights in a society, procedure and fees for transferring membership from one person to another in the event of sale of a property or death of the original members are on the rise. \"Disputes between members regarding redevelopment of a housing society are not uncommon,\" Patil said.A dedicated regulatory mechanism for housing societies is also on the anvil, Patil said.To resolve issues related to redevelopment, Patil said the state has plans to make the process of division of a society simpler. Recognizing the functioning of a society as a service, the government is also toying with the idea of enacting a new rule requiring housing societies to appoint at least one technician to take care of issues pertaining to electrification, drainage, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260644", "title": "CBSE introduces English novels in course curriculum", "text": "In an attempt to encourage reading habits among school children, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has introduced English novels in the course curriculum of students from classes IX to XII in all its affiliated schools from the academic session 2012-13.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the Board constantly encourages schools to provide multi-fold learning experiences to young children. Good reading habits help children to acquire the power of imagination, expression and appreciation of literature. Though all the skills of gaining proficiency in a language are equally important, nevertheless, reading habit helps tremendously in improving comprehension, accuracy, fluency and in increasing vocabulary. Reading provokes questioning, helps in generating ideas and inspires students to think. It also supports the syllabus in diverse ways by enhancing language competence across the curriculum.Strengthening of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has added further impetus in fostering interest in children to read books. As part of the formative assessment in CCE, schools are being advised to take up Reading Projects. Schools have also been encouraged to use multiple modes of assessment such as conducting reviews, script, reading, etc.The board prescribes a multi-cultural and technology enabled pedagogical approach in all the languages offered by it. In this process, incorporating all the four skills reading, writing, listening and speaking in the curriculum prescribed by the board has placed an equitable emphasis on essential skills of English language. CBSE recommends that reading skill should be fostered in children to make them better orators, autonomous learners as well as critical and creative thinkers, adds Joshi.Every school has finalised one classic for students to read. Students will be evaluated continuously under CCE for the reading skills. At the end of the session, their marks on reading skills will be totalled in their final marks, informs Prabha Sharma, assistant to English consultant, CBSE.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14255143", "title": "School with 7 kids downs shutters", "text": "MANGALORE: A government school in Dakshina Kannada district has shuttered down, leaving its seven students in the lurch. Yes, the school had just seven students in four different classes taught by one teacher.The Department of Public Instruction denies any decision to shut down the Government Primary School in Malar, a remote village in Bantwal taluk. But the truth is the school downed the shutters on June 14, citing lack of students.The parents of these students - four of them belong to the SC/ST communities - are planning a protest. They accused the schoolteacher of forcefully issuing transfer certificates to students, saying the government had decided to close down the school.Rama Malar, guardian of a student and member of the School Development and Monitoring Committee, told TOI that the parents were forced to take the TC. \"There were five boys and two girls studying in Class II, III, IV and V. The nearest school is 5km away, and children have to walk over 2km to board a bus to reach these places,\" he said.Parents have approached the Dakshina Kannada district RTE Vigilance and Monitoring Committee. Moses Rajsekhar, deputy director, Department of Public Instruction, said the department has not taken any decision to close the school. \"We will reopen the school if parents are willing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253387", "title": "Open Garden: Because sharing is better", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now you do not have to be disconnected with the outer world while traveling just because you do not have an internet connection on your smartphone or you do not want to spend money on expensive roaming charges. You can still enjoy internet connectivity through a peer-to-peer mesh network.The latest smartphone application named 'Open Garden' allows its users to share mobile web access from the devices of other people, who have the same application in their phone. This application comes free of cost and is fast becoming popular among youngsters.\"I have recently come across Open Garden and have downloaded it on my iphone. It inter-connects different devices and offers a common access to internet. The only requirement is that one device should have an internet connection and it can be used by two others,\" said Amandeep Sabarwal (23), an engineer.This application is available for free download on www.opengarden.com and is compatible with Windows, Mac OS and Android phones.\"Two smartphones should be in close proximity and it is necessary that two devices recognize each other. If one machine has access to the internet, then the other can also use it,\" said Devansh Sehgal (26), who works with a BPO company.The application is being developed by a San Francisco-based IT company and, the company officials are trying to strengthen the security of this app so that no unwanted element could access your internet connection.There would be a feature through which the phone owner can limit the number of users from accessing his internet connection. Besides, this application would be connected to different social networking sites so that only friends of the mobile owner have access to the internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250544", "title": "Mayor wants foolproof plan for monsoon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Majid Hussain has asked Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC) officials to strengthen the central emergency wing in view of the rains lashing the city. Officials of the GHMC's engineering wing have been asked to draw up a list of equipment, vehicles, men and machinery they would need for the existing central emergency wing to be strengthened within two days.The mayor said that on Sunday the central emergency cell received more than 60 calls pertaining to waterlogging. Forty-seven of these calls were dealt with on the same day. He directed officials to deploy more vehicles, men and machinery so that all grievances, including cutting of trees and removal of garbage and debris are addressed promptly.The mayor also reviewed the status of 89 ongoing projects with engineering officials and asked them to hold meetings with the contractors/consultants of the pending work to fix deadlines for completion of the same.He inquired about the progress of seven storm water drainage projects in division-I and five in division-II along with five works of the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project and other pending works. In the review meeting held on Monday with GHMC's central emergency team, the mayor also took stock of fire-safety measures in high-rise buildings. He sought a detailed report on the precautionary measures against fire in high-rise buildings and directed the officials to brief him on the NOCs issued so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255523", "title": "Administration gears up for Rath Yatra", "text": "RANCHI: The administration and the Ranchi Municipal Corporation have geared up for the 10-day-long Jagannath Rath Yatra cum fair from June 21. Not only do the devotees throng the local temple from across the state, but people from Chhattisgarh and West Bengal also come here to get a glimpse of the deities.The administration is busy making arrangements for the event so that the devotees do not face any inconvenience. \"There will be full security and traffic arrangements from all four sides. Force and magistrates will be deployed on this occasion. There will be 222 volunteers both male and females who will be deployed wherever needed. Civil surgeons have been directed to provide four ambulances on June 21 and June 30. On other days, one ambulance will be enough,\" said Shekhar Jamuar, the subdivisional officer.The municipal corporation is taking care of the cleanliness in and around the fair and temple premises. \"Water tanks of 5,000 litres will be positioned for the people. For cleanliness, labourers will be appointed. Fogging has already begun in and around the areas. Directions have been given for arranging proper street lights everywhere,\" said Goapalji Tiwary, deputy chief executive officer, Ranchi Municipal Corporation.A2Z Infrastructure Company is also assisting the civic body in the cleanliness drive. \"Officer-on-special-duty Amit Kumar has been appointed for this occasion who will also monitor the fair. Many labourers and contractors have been deployed for the task. Arrangements of six big dustbins have been made. The cleaning of drains has already begun,\" said Ashish Saurabh, public relations officer, A2Z.Similar to the famous Jagannath Temple in Puri, the temple in the city is built in the same architectural style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14265110", "title": "Soon, net registration for Kashi Vishwanath temple", "text": "LUCKNOW: Devotees will soon be able to register themselves through the internet to pay obeisance at the historic Kashi Vishwanath temple at Varanasi.A decision in this regard was taken during a meeting of Shri Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust held yesterday.Keeping in view problems faced by pilgrims during the Hindu month of 'Shravan', facility of booking through the internet would be provided, religious endowment minister Anand Singh said.Besides, it has also been decided to provide live telecast of darshan of the temple through DTH, he added.During the meeting, a proposal to prepare a master plan for long-term development of the temple was also approved.The salary of priests and other staff would be increased by 35% in the next six months, the minister said.To increase facilities for tourists, the trust also gave permission to purchase three more buildings near temple, including Panch Pandav Bhawan, Mirzapur Bhawan and Srivastava Bhawan, he said.During the meeting, a budget of Rs 9.04 crore was also sanctioned to complete additional work at the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "14255107", "title": "French diplomat rape case: Pascal Mazurier enjoys no immunity, French mission says", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Bangalore police on Monday continued to dither over the probe into the alleged rape of a minor girl by her French father despite France's embassy stating that he does not enjoy any immunity.Sources in the French embassy confirmed that Pascal Mazurier, 39, deputy head of chancery in the French consulate in Bangalore - accused of raping his nearly four-year-old daughter - does not enjoy any diplomatic immunity, and it is up to police to take action against him.\"He holds only a service passport, and not a diplomatic one, which makes it clear that he is not entitled to any kind of immunity,\" the sources said. However, police said they are awaiting a letter from the ministry of external affairs on Pascal's status.Earlier in the day, the French foreign ministry said in a press statement that since an investigation is under way, \"we cannot comment at this stage\" on the allegation against Pascal. But the communique made it clear: \"The Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, 1963, does not provide for immunity of jurisdiction for acts committed outside the exercise of consular duties (Article 43).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14255195", "title": "Elephant shot dead", "text": "MYSORE: A female elephant, which was shot at by miscreants at Kalaboochanahalli in Hunsur taluk on Sunday, died on Monday.The elephant succumbed to injuries despite the efforts of the forest department staff and veterinary doctors to save its life. Three persons, who are suspected to have shot at the elephant, are absconding. A manhunt has been launched by police to nab the trio, residents of Kalaboochanahalli. The elephant was hit near the temple and was lying at the fringes of a farmland when the villagers alerted the forest department.Though vets attended to her after removing five bullets from the injured animal and administered medicine, she didn't survive.The elephant was shot at when a herd of elephants strayed out of the woods. A case has been registered at Hunsur rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251335", "title": "Home guards duty allowance hiked by Rs 100", "text": "PANAJI: After a long struggle, the state's home guards will finally see some of their woes resolved. The state government has enhanced the duty allowance of home guard volunteers in the state.The allowance has been enhanced from the current Rs 200 per day to Rs 300 per person per day through an order issued by Sneha Morajkar, under secretary (home) on June 13.The hike comes following chief minister Manohar Parrikar's budgetary speech assurance to the home guards that their duty allowance would be enhanced.The state's home guards perform identical duties as policemen and are used for directing traffic, helping maintain law and order during protest demonstrations, security to VIPs and other state establishments. Yet, they do not receive any of the benefits that their police counterparts do. Also, home guards have to retire by the age of 52 and are not entitled to a pension.Till the revision in the duty allowance, they were paid 200 for each day they report for duty along with a travelling allowance of 20. For those many home guards hailing from interior areas of Goa such as Valpoi, a large chunk of their wages would be spent on covering transport expenses leaving them high and dry. Also, sources disclose that home guards are not paid their allowances on time with bills taking a while to be cleared. Also, since home guards are supposed to be a voluntary organization, personnel are not entitled to casual leave, earned leave or weekly-offs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255325", "title": "State-of-the-art museum on cards", "text": "PATNA: Patna will have a new world-class museum \"on the evolution of the history and civilization of the Indian subcontinent\" at a prime location in the city. The USP of this museum would be \"Bihar Through Ages\" to project the glorious past of Bihar through displays and audio-visuals. A brainchild of CM Nitish Kumar , the new museum would be located in Bailey Road area of the state capital.Six spacious government bungalows, housing a university and a church among others, spread over 13.9 acres would be demolished to build the museum. The state building construction department (BCD) has started working on this ambitious project.The existing city museum, built in 1917, does not have adequate space to display all the antiquities. \"Out of over one lakh antiquities available at the museum, barely 20% artefacts are on display,\" said additional director, Patna museum, JPN Singh.Hence, he said, it was essential to build another museum to display all the artefacts. Rare collection of the old museum is likely to be shifted to the new one. \"We have created a separate gallery in the Patna museum giving the details of the project and architectural design of the proposed museum,\" Singh said.The state cabinet has already given the go-ahead to begin work on the basis of its master plan. A Toronto-based firm, Lord Cultural Resources, has been made master consultant of the project. The department of art and culture has been made nodal department of the project. The new museum is likely to be constructed in about four years.After completion, the new museum will join the ranks of Grand Egyptian Museum (Egypt), Luvre Lens (France), Guggenheim in Bilbao (Spain) and Canadian Museum of Human Rights in Winnipeg (Canada).A competition was held in November last year to select an architect for building the museum. After an elaborate exercise, an internationally-known firm, Maki and Associates of Japan, was selected for the job. This firm will execute the project along with its Indian partner, Opolis. The state cabinet approved the selection of Maki &amp; Associates on January 12, 2012, after which a contract was signed in Patna on January 25, 2012. Maki and Associates and Opolis have started to develop their competition design proposal into a final design.\"The collection to be displayed at this new museum will not just include historically significant stone, bronze and terracotta sculptures, but also many artefacts that will tell the story of Patliputra and the lasting impact that the Magadh culture has had on this region, India and the world,\" said principal secretary, art and culture, Anjani Kumar Singh.Stories of Buddha, Mahavir, Ashoka and other great political, literary and scientific personalities will be depicted in this new museum using multimedia and interactive methods. This museum will also have a children's section.Lord Cultural Resources, the world's oldest and largest cultural planning consultancy, which has more than 1,800 museum and cultural planning assignments to its credit, will be working along with the department of art and culture and the building construction department for developing this museum.The project is estimated to cost Rs 350 crore. The permanent collection at the new museum, based on the holdings of the present Patna Museum, will be complemented by unique audio-visual and interactive attractions that will appeal to people of all age groups and socio-cultural background.The museum will also have a lobby, orientation theatre, educational centre, multipurpose central hall, shop, cafe, library, thematic permanent gallery and temporary exhibition gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251487", "title": "Urban Land Ceiling scam: Tehsildar, two women staffers arrested", "text": "PUNE: The state criminal investigation department (CID), Pune, on Monday evening arrested a former tehsildar and two women employees of the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) department here for allegedly issuing certified copies of fake ULC certificate orders.The arrested include Ram Gopal Mane (57), who is currently posted as tehsildar at Solapur (North), then ULC record keeper Vimal Ghumatkar (59) and copier Shakuntala Pare (55), who was working on contractual basis.CID superintendent of police (Pune unit) Amol Tambe told TOI that Mane and others were arrested after their involvement in the scam came to light in the ULC certificate scam.The CID is investigating 29 ULC scam cases as per the directions of the Bombay high court. Tehsildar Vivek Pralhad Salunkhe of the office of the additional collector and the competent authority of the Pune Agglomeration is the complainant in all the cases. This is for the first time that the CID has arrested ULC department employees, Tambe added.CID deputy superintendent of police Suresh Genje, who is investigating the crime register no 34/2011 registered with the Swargate police station, told TOI that investigations have revealed that Mane, Ghumatkar and Pare had allegedly issued certified copies of fake ULC orders bearing their signatures, in 2002.Genje said investigations have further revealed that there is no original copy of the ULC orders, but still the trio had issued fake certified copies of the same to ULC agents Atul Panse and Sujay Chopade, builder Ajit Shah and his relative Chetan Shah.The CID had seized the fake ULC orders which were in possession of the ULC agents and others in 2011 and 2012. The tehsildhar and oth-ers were arrested as they did not give details of the criminal conspiracy as to why they had issued certified copies of fake ULC orders and other relevant details. They have also not disclosed details of the alleged monetary benefits they have received from people involved in the ULC scam, Genje added.The suspects were arrested on charges of cheating and forgery under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code. They will be produced before a magisterial court for seeking police custody remand on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255238", "title": "Talks fail, junior doctors' strike continues", "text": "PATNA: The strike by junior doctors of PMCH continued on the fifth day as talks between the striking doctors and principal secretary (health), Vyasji, held on Monday, failed.CM Nitish Kumar on Monday expressed concern over the strike at a time when the cases of encephalitis were raging in the state. He said the government would look into the problems of the junior doctors but they should exercise patience.The talks failed primarily on two counts. First, the striking doctors remained adamant on their demand for removal of PMCH superintendent, Dr O P Choudhary. Second, the junior medicos were not ready for action against them, if found guilty in the probe ordered into the manhandling of Dr Choudhary and one of the two deputy superintendents, on June 14.Vyasji said, \"I listened to the issues raised by the junior doctors at the meeting. They raised their problems while dealing with the patients. I have convened a meeting in this regard on June 20 in which all these issues will be discussed,\" he said, adding, \"If it is found that the hospital administration is not taking interest in running the hospital, show-cause could be issued against PMCH superintendent.\"The government remained adamant on action to be taken against the junior doctors found guilty in the manhandling case. \"They seemed uncomfortable on this,\" Vyasji said.\"I told them they could come to me for redressal of their grievances,\" Vyasji said. He said 71 doctors from other places have joined the PMCH so far. Meanwhile, the junior doctors on Monday ran a parallel OPD on hospital premises where they examined around 400 patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252341", "title": "Bad management behind 'power crisis': BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting sharply to the state government's yes-no on closure of malls and business establishments in the state after 7pm to save power, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Monday said that if the power scenario is actually so grave, then why is there uninterrupted power supply in Kannauj, Mainpuri and Etawah? State BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai talking to mediapersons on Monday said, \"There is no power crisis, it is only just bad management.\"Bajpai even suggested that if the power crisis is really that severe, the government should have first shut down air conditioners ( ACs) at the offices and residences of ministers and bureaucrats. \"If that is also insufficient, then even the sittings of the assembly should be postponed. How can any government even think of denying people the right to shop and the shopkeepers the right to do business,\" Bajpai asked.The state BJP president also said that he was aware that the government has hurriedly withdrawn its closure order for malls and shopping establishments but said, that the yes-no by the government only suggested that the power crisis in UP is basically a result of various 'power centres' in the government talking differently.\"The power department, urban development minister Azam Khan and public works department minister Azam Khan all have been talking differently on the issue. It merely indicates that people in the government are taking advantage of the young chief minister's inexperience,\" said Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252445", "title": "CBI sleuths file charge-sheet in Banda rape case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) on Monday submitted its charge-sheet in the much publicized Banda rape case of December 2010 involving the then Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MLA Purshottam Dwivedi. The CBI has accused the MLA of rape while two of his remaining four associates have been charged for assault and intimidation. The charge-sheet that was submitted before the additional district sessions judge (ADSJ) on Monday, is silent on the remaining two accused in the case who have earlier been arrested by the police.What has added an interesting twist to the entire case is that the then MLA and his wife had earlier claimed that he was impotent and hence there was no way that he could have raped the minor girl Neelu (name changed).The incident had turned into a political potboiler after political leaders from opposition parties, including Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi landed in Banda to meet the victim assuring her of prompt action against the accused.The incident was first being probed by the UP Police but later transferred to the CB-CID by the then chief minister Mayawati after the TOI carried a series of stories highlighting how the minor victim was gang-raped and then booked by the police in a false case of theft lodged by the MLA's son.In police custody, the girl was allegedly tortured to withdraw her allegations of rape. After she was sent to jail, police officials continued to meet her in her prison call to pursue her not to implicate the then MLA in rape case.The authorities had managed to keep the entire episode in wraps till Neelu, the victim who was complaining of bleeding from her private parts ever since she was allegedly raped, took ill due to excessive loss of blood as she was not provided with medical help even in jail.It was only after the media highlighted the case that the government handed over the investigations to the CB-CID but the new set of investigators too did not find it important to get the girl out of jail despite being prima-facie established that she was implicated in a false case of theft.The Allahabad High Court took a serious note of the incident and directed the Banda district judge to ensure the victim's release. That the state government got a wind of the HC move and quickly got the girl out, is another matter.The Supreme Court had ordered a CBI probe into the entire incident in September 2011. The apex court had asked the CBI to file status report in 6 weeks stating how police handled the case initially.The CB-CID has already filed charge-sheet against Banda MLA Purushottam Dwivedi and others in the case where a minor girl was allegedly raped for two days by the legislator before she fled on December 12 last year and registered a case. But the MLA's brother lodged a case of theft against her and when she was produced in court, the magistrate remanded her to judicial custody.\"The person against whom allegations have been leveled continued to be free for over a month from the date of occurrence of the acts complained of,\" the petitioner had said. It needed chief minister Mayawati's intervention for the girl's release from prison and arrest of Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14249655", "title": "479 National Institute of Technology Silchar students get degrees", "text": "SILCHAR: A total of 479 students were awarded degrees during the 10th convocation of National Institute of Technology (NIT) Silchar held at the Students' Activity Centre of the institute near here on Sunday.Of these, 405 students got their BTech degrees and 58 were awarded MTech degrees in various disciplines. Besides this, seven students got MSc degrees in chemistry and nine were given their PhD degrees.The BTech topper across all disciplines, Garima Tulsyan, from the department of electronics and communication engineering, received a gold medal.Anil Kakodkar, DAE Homi Bhabha Chair Professor and member AEC, Bhaba Atomic Research Centre was the chief guest at the convocation. While presenting the awards, he said the world is now a highly interconnected place and \"A 3 (anyone, anywhere, anytime)\" connects the society fast taking shape.He said the world is embracing knowledge at a breakneck pace and economy and technology have been changing our lives faster than we could have ever imagined. tnnKakodkar said institutions of higher education and, particularly, the teachers in such institutions have a special role and responsibility and would also play a key role in sustaining and enhancing the relative competitive edge of our country in the emerging knowledge-driven economy and the world.The 10th convocation of NIT Silchar was also addressed by Gautom Barua, director, IIT Guwahati as the guest of honour, while Asis Dutta, chairman, board of governors, NIT Silchar presided over the convocation. N V Deshpande, director, NIT Silchar was also present on the occasion among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14254264", "title": "Desilting of drains a mere eyewash", "text": "VARANASI: The cleanliness of drains before the arrival of monsoon leaves much to be desired. The Varanasi Nagar Nigam claims to have got more than 90 per cent of drains cleaned by the closing of deadline fixed as June 15. The official report of VNN suggests that the assigned work has been completed smoothly. The condition of drains (including big one) points out that the exercise is a mere eyewash.Around 160 drains and nullahs (including 40 big drains) were to be cleaned. A major portion of the city has open drains. During the monsoon season, the drains carry both waste water and rain water, putting more pressure on the drainage network.According to VNN chief engineer U N Tripathi, around 90 per cent of targeted drains in the city have been cleaned and efforts are on to intensify the work so that the remaining one are cleaned before the start of monsoon. The silt and waste had been removed from the most of the sites. Efforts are being made to ensure that city faces less waterlogging in the rainy season, he added.However, a reality check of some of the drains tells a different story. The nullahs and drains near Kamachcha-Luxa, Mahmoorganj-Sigra, Maldahia-Lahurabir and Samneghat-Lanka were found to be choked. A major part of the open drains are also found to be covered with construction material, including sand, gravel and cement, raising question mark over the cleanliness work. Heaps of silt and other material removed from the drains and nullahs were found accumulated on the roads. At some places, plastic bags and other waste were seen.Tripathi said that more than 400 notices have been served to the occupants and shop owners, who have encroached the roads and blocked the drains and nullahs on the roadside. Actions like demolishing the encroached structures and extensions have also started. These activities tend to hamper the cleanliness of drains and nullahs along with sewer system and the conditions could aggravate in the monsoon season, he added.Most of the open drains contaminate the groundwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "owners of restaurants, pubs and hookah parlours are organizing a rally to protest against the archaic laws and police high-handedness on june 24 on carter road in bandra. \"let us rally against archaic laws and tainted officers,\" said a text message being forwarded across the city calling out to the youth to join the rally. the message added", "code": "14250925", "title": "Rally against cops", "text": "Owners of restaurants, pubs and hookah parlours are organizing a rally to protest against the archaic laws and police high-handedness on June 24 on Carter Road in Bandra. \"Let us rally against archaic laws and tainted officers,\" said a text message being forwarded across the city calling out to the youth to join the rally. The message added: \"Mr Dhobale go back, Mumbaikars don't need you! We want our freedom.\"\"Restaurant owners met on Monday and a meeting is slated for Tuesday when the details will be finalized. Cop permission will be sought,\" said a restaurant owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250306", "title": "Mumbaikars to walk for the pedestrian\u2019s cause", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Mumbaikars will walk'. This is a mission citizen activists have hit upon as part of Rio+20, the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD).\"We are setting ourselves and our elected representatives and administrators a very achievable goal of making Mumbai a pedestrian-friendly city,\" said Rishi Agarwal, member of the Mumbai Environmental Social Network whose members along with the No to CO2 Foundation have decided to launch a walking project for the city on June 20, when the conference takes off in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil.Agarwal said walking is healthy, does not pollute, is good for the environment, definitely cheaper and sometimes even quicker. To begin with, citizens will present an audit of two pavements in Mumbai. \"We will show all the stakeholders what is right and wrong with these footpaths and how they can be improved.\"Nayana Kathpalia, convenor, Citispace, said even in south Mumbai where footpaths are 30-foot wide, citizens are forced to walk on roads because these are uneven and a host of other problems as well.The organization has been fighting for good pedestrian-friendly footpaths since 1998. \"It is very doable. All it requires is a bit of planning such as zoning for hawkers, removing illegal hawkers, laying utilities and planting trees such that they do not obstruct walking. The prerequisite for this is intent on the part of the BMC and the state government,\" she said.The activists have set up a website \u2014 www.walkingproject.org \u2014 where all studies will be uploaded and \"we shall train citizens who are passionate about walking and want to make their areas pedestrian-friendly on how to audit their pavements.\"These reports will be taken up with the municipal commissioner, mayor and local councillor for implementation. They will also prepare a pavement manual for the city, audit the civic budget spend and work out a good footpath's cost.The activists are looking for volunteers to train in every ward who will hold 'walkshops' near the roadside to create awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253365", "title": "Mayor manhandled during her visit to Walled City", "text": "JAIPUR: Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal on Monday was 'manhandled' during a visit to the Walled City area to inspect the sanitation conditions. Women of ward 73 and 74 reportedly pulled the mayor by her hand and forced her to visit their wards first.Open manholes and lack of sanitation workers in the area irked the mayor who directed officials to repair the sewerage line and ensure removal of garbage from the area in two days.Residents near Gangapole area gheraoed the mayor and raised slogans against her and blamed her for the poor sanitation conditions. They complained that sanitation workers never come on time to collect garbage. They are exposed to unhygienic conditions, the residents alleged.Despite several complaints, the water supply in the area has been erratic. Ward councilor Aslam Farooqui was chased away by the crowd when he tried to appease them.The mayor faced residents' ire during her visit to ward 74. People complained of pathetic sanitation conditions at the Eidgah. Several pointed fingers at the mayor for her inability to spruce up the area during her tenure.Despite facing protests, Khandelwal seemed unfazed and said, \"Efforts to maintain the sanitation standards in the city are on and my visits are meant to identify other major problems of wards.\"She added that her visits have proved to be fruitful and \"just the BJP people were create trouble\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mahuva (bhavnagar)", "code": "14251599", "title": "Dog scare for flamingos in Mahuva", "text": "MAHUVA (BHAVNAGAR): An ardent nature lover Akshay Kankiya was shocked when he went to click pictures of a large flock of lesser flamingos in Malan reservoir.Stray dogs were wading into the marsh land having shallow waters and scaring the flamingos. In fact, he found out that dogs had killed seven flamingos on Sunday.\"Apart from flamingos, there are other birds in the wetland, which have become a prey to stray dogs,\" Kankiya said.According to nature conservationists, since the water level has gone down in the Malan reservoir, the place became ideal for wetland birds. However, these birds have difficult times as one the one side fishing nets have been laid by fishermen and on the other side stray dogs waiting to kill them.According to sources, there are over 20 such stray dogs roaming around the wetland and are often found wading into the shallow water to kill birds. When contacted, the forest department officials they will look into the matter.\"We will find out the situation and will see what we can do for this,\" range forest officer, Mahuva forest range, Vijay Rathod said.Forest officials said it is possible to stop human interference in wetlands. \"But, this is a one kind of natural cycle where one animal kills another one. We can try, but we can't stop it completely. Also, catching stray dogs invites protests from some religious groups,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14255502", "title": "UN paints a grim picture of refugees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of World Refugee Day on June 20, the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) has said in a report that a person who becomes a refugee is likely to remain one for several years, \"often stuck in a camp or living precariously in an urban location\".Based on trends of the last decade, the report says, \"Of the 10.4 million refugees under UNHCR's mandate, almost three quarters (7.1 million) have been in protracted exile for at least five years awaiting a solution.\"By the end of 2011, there were 42.5 million people who were either refugees, internally displaced within their country or asylum-seekers. \"For so many lives to have been thrown into turmoil over so short a space of time means enormous personal cost for all who were affected,\" said Antonio Guterres, the UN's High Commissioner for Refugees.There has, however, been a decline in the numbers of those displaced when compared with the previous year, with 43.7 million displaced people at the end of 2010.Of the 17,380 refugees under UNHCR's mandate in India, the largest number (9,180) are Afghans, followed by the Burmese. Refugees directly assisted by the Indian government include one lakh Tibetans and over one lakh from Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264728", "title": "Arya sports a black eye in the remake of \u2018Delhi Belly\u2019", "text": "South star Arya is donning Imran Khan's character in the Delhi Belly remake titled Settai. Here's the first look from the film... Shooting is proceeding apace for Settai , the Tamil remake of Bollywood hit, Delhi Belly . The comic caper, with a dark undertone, stars Arya and Santhanam, the latter playing a major role in getting the project off the ground.The film will be tweaked to suit the sensibilities of the Tamil audience, we hear. Delhi Belly was a hit at the box office for all its expletives, crass actions and DK Bose (the song). But R Kannan wants to make the Tamil version a family entertainer. The director however is not planning to do away with the steamy sequences between Arya and Hansika Motwani. He adds that the passionate scenes are a requirement of the script and are important to establish the intimacy between the characters.The film schedule to release by December 2012.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14250895", "title": "Flooded market leaves Mapusa vendors high and dry", "text": "MAPUSA: Two days of incessant rainfall left the Mapusa market flooded on Monday, the vendors high and dry and locals without their daily market supplies. While the jewellers and cloth merchants in the market were unable to display their products as most of their stalls were left inundated, fruit vendors had a hard time trying to keep their goods above the water level.While some vendors attributed the flooding to the encroachments over the drains built during the Portuguese era, they were unanimous in pinning the blame on the Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) officials.President of the Mapusa merchants' association Yeshwant Gaundalkar slammed the municipality for not making an attempt to clear the drains before the monsoon despite collecting tax from the businessmen. \"Every year, we witness the same thing. No efforts are made to clean the drains,\" Gaundalkar alleged.The market was built during the Portuguese era, and vendors say it had an excellent drainage system, but now due to encroachments and blocked drainages, the market is synonymous with flooding every monsoon.Stating that flooding is the result of the MMC failing to carry out pre-monsoon work, all Goa merchants' federation president Narayan Karekar said, \"The municipality has not cleared the drains. There are hoardings, encroachments and buildings being constructed on the drains, thus blocking the water. We complained to the municipal authorities, but no heed has been paid to our request.\"He added that the water flooding the market was not only from within the market, but also from Keniwada, Ansabhat and Khorlim which enters the market area. Since the drains in the vicinity of the market are poorly kept, the market gets flooded easily, he said. \"Earlier, there were 12 outlets through which rainwater would flow into the main nullah. Now, only one such outlet remains due to the constructions over the drainages. Rainwater accumulates in the market if it rains continuously,\" Karekar said.When contacted, MMC chairperson Sudhir Khandolkar said that the continouous rain had led to the present situation and \"efforts would be made to drain the water out\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14251535", "title": "Government Railway Police may file a criminal case", "text": "The Government Railway Police (GRP) may register a criminal case in connection with the Saturday night train collision near Andheri station once the Commission of Railway Safety submits its inquiry report. \"The exact cause of the collision, whether it was human error, mechanical failure or something else, needs to be determined. The Commission of Railway Safety will conduct an inquiry and affix the responsibility.We will then take action against the people found responsible,\" a senior GRP official said. \"Simultaneously, we are also conducting an independent probe of our own into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264926", "title": "Gabbar Singh film box office update", "text": "Looks like the glorious days of power star Pawan Kalyan's recent release \"Gabbar Singh\" are not yet over as the film continues to spin money at the Telugu cinema box office. The movie has generated great business so far and continues to be on top in all the centers in the fifth week too. \"Gabbar Singh\" is still running to packed houses in several areas and exhbitors are raking in the moolah.According to the latest reports, Gabbar Singh has engrossed more than 70 cr in its five weeks and this is tipped to be an all time record in Tollywood history. \"Gabbar Singh\" is also on the cusp of creating a new record for the highest number of direct centers for 50 days run. The film completes 50 days run on June 29 and it'll be interesting to see in how many theaters the movie has completed its run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254461", "title": "Russian national day celebrated", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Honorary Consulate of the Russian Federation and the Russian Science and Cultural Centre celebrated the Russian National Day in the city. A documentary film on '65 years of Russian-Indian diplomatic Ties' was screened to mark the occasion.Heads of various organizations such as Marshal SP Singh Chief of Southern Air Command and the vice-president of Russian Nuclear Power Corporation Atomstroyexport Saitiev, mayor K Chandrika, first secretary from the Russian Embassy Sergey Belousko, Brig. Pradeep Narayan, deputy head of the Russian Scientists at Koodankulam Nuclear Power Project Alexander Kvasha and others attended the event.The function began with the Indian National Anthem followed by the anthem of the Russian Federation. Honorary consul of the Russian Federation C Ratheesh Nair presented the welcomed address.Mayor K Chandrika, minister counsellor of the Embassy of the Russian Federation Denis Alipov and MP Shashi Tharoor spoke. The speeches were followed by a 40-minute music concert of Russian classical and folk songs by Vladimir Bultukin and Peter Melentiev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257795", "title": "Protest against collection of excess fee by aided colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: Parents and activists staged a sit-in protest in front of Memorial Hall on Monday against managements of aided colleges for collecting fees in excess of that prescribed by the government . Members of the Federation of the Catholic Faithful and parents of students in schools and colleges wanted to highlight the collection of excess fee by Catholic minority institutions , thereby violating admission norms laid down by the government.The members said they felt high fees would deny minority communities access to higher education . \"We want to condemn the institutions over the sale of seats to the 'haves ' at the cost of the 'have nots' . We want to draw the attention of the state government to arrest such unhealthy practices and to initiate punitive action against erring managements ,\" said A Clement Selvaraj , general secretary of the federation.The protesters also called for the removal of \"matriculation \" or \" Anglo-Indian\" tags from the names of schools as the syllabus was uniform now . This, they said , would bring in equality and prevent the commercialization of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253729", "title": "\u2018Young turks\u2019 must promote govt\u2019s achievements: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday urged the party's youth to publicize the achievements made under his rule and help the party stay in power even after 2013 assembly elections.Gehlot was addressing the youth congress' elected office-bearers at the launch of the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) web portal 'Pehchan' in the state. Speaking before the chief minister at the Indira Gandhi Bhawan here, the IYC leaders expressed their concern that though the Gehlot government was doing a commendable job in implementing the welfare schemes, the party organisations were failing in publicizing the same.\"The Youth Congress and the NSUI members should take up the responsibility to promote the state government's achievements and ensure that the party retains power,\" said Gehlot. He even remarked that the party's youngsters were not fully aware of the government's achievements and, thus, were unable to counter BJP's bad publicity against the Congress.The IYC's national in-charge for 'Pehchan', Deepak Bavaria, who hails from Gujarat, earlier mentioned that the Modi- government in his home state was 'thriving' on propagandas. \"Rajasthan's Gehlot-government has implemented far more welfare schemes than Gujarat's Modi-government, but when it comes to publicizing the work done, Modi-government does it well,\" Bavaria said. He added, \"This gap between the government's achievements and their promotion can be filled by the Youth Congress.\"The IYC's secretary and in-charge for the state, Chetan Chauhan , too, agreed the Gehlot-government's work was going unnoticed. \"Rajasthan is the only state in the country that has launched the free medicines scheme, which is benefitting people below the poverty line as well as those above it,\" said Chauhan. In his speech, the chief minister added that Rajasthan would also be the first state in the country to implement the free medicines scheme for animals from August 15 this year. Chauhan also claimed that Rajasthan has the highest number of hostels for youth.Chief minister Gehlot also asked the party members to suggest the policies and schemes they want for the youth. \"I keep saying this at the PCC meetings also that the party members should suggest what welfare schemes the government should introduce,\" Gehlot said.Bavaria, meanwhile, said that the 'Pehchan' portal would help the Youth Congress members to directly let the party's central leadership know about their works and achievements. \"In the past, such a system was not there and only those youngsters could grow in the party who tip-toed around the senior leaders,\" Bavaria said, highlighting the benefits of Pehchan. Addressing the gathering, the portal's in-charge in Rajasthan, Balendu Singh Shekhawat said, \"Through 'Pehchan' the party leadership will be able to recognize young talent and help the Youth Congress members connect with their peers as well as the leadership. Your good work will now not go unnoticed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254568", "title": "Disaster management cell ill-equipped to meet emergencies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city disaster management cell, which is weakened by shortage of essential equipment, has forwarded a proposal to state disaster management authority, citing urgent need to upgrade the equipment of the cell in view of monsoon.In the proposal it has been pointed out that the cell was badly need critical emergency equipment and infrastructure facilities to deal with the after effects of monsoon.It further noted that the current infrastructure was unable to cater to the rescue requirements of the monsoon season.An official of the cell said that speedy response to disasters was often hindered by the lack of required equipment. \"The cell has suffered very badly every time a disaster happens in the city. This monsoon, things could be worse without necessary gadgets to deal with the problem,\" the official said.The proposal has listed out various equipment like spade, pickaxe, chisel, rubber dinky, chainsaw, MH lamb, rain gauge, jacket and helmet. The cell is also planning to organize a training programme for the volunteers to help with the corporation in dealing with monsoon calamities.The volunteers will be selected from various wards and will be given training before grouping them into separate squads. They will also be issued identity cards. The disaster management cell has also requested for setting up a portable public address system.\"We envisage a system, which would be functional for 24 hours a day. The public can access the system any time at times of disaster and required assistance will be ensured,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14253757", "title": "Class XII boy commits suicide", "text": "GURGAON: A Class XII student, a resident of Ram Nagar colony, committed suicide on Sunday night.Police said a family member of the victim, Sahil Goswami, found his body hanging from a ceiling fan at his house on Monday. Police reached the spot after receiving information about the suicide and took custody of the body After the postmortem, the body was returned to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14256610", "title": "Now, a food package that you can eat", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new food packaging that can be eaten along with the items inside , an invention they say could transform how we eat and slash the plastic use.Developed by researchers in France, the edible packaging called WikiCells is designed to mimic how fruit and vegetables are 'packaged' in nature with a protective outer layer or skin you can eat. \"The idea was to use the model of how nature wraps foods,\" said Dr David Edwards, a Harvard professor who led the research.The team has developed a range of yoghurt pots, juice cartons, water bottles and ice cream containers that mimic natural packaging by enclosing food and liquid in an edible membrane.The containers are designed to be a similar shape to the fruits they copy and are created using an edible plastic, a combination of algae and calcium. This is mixed with food particles, so that the packaging tastes like what is inside.The packages can be used to keep both solids and liquids. The membranes can be washed under a tap and eaten, just like the skin of an apple, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14265385", "title": "Woman dies in hit and run case in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A 28 year old woman died in a road accident in New Bhatar area on Monday. The woman died while her eight month old son survived in the accident.Amrat Sharda was passing through New Bhatar main road with his family on his bike GJ-5-FQ-7577. His wife Rekha, daughter Tanisha and son Jay were sitting on back seat of the bike. When the family was near the Althan tenement a speeding car GJ-5-CG-4455 knocked the bike from backside. Due to the hit Rekha flung in air along with her son Jay.On falling on ground she sustained severe injuries in head and other parts of body while she could save Jay. Eyewitness at the spot informed that Rekha hold her son tight due to which he did no suffered injury and survived.Due to severe injuries Rekha died soon after the accident. Sharda could register the number of the car which escaped from the location. Sharda and his daughter Tanisha did not receive major injuries in the accident.Police are investigating the accident and search is on to trace the car and its driver. Second death incident due to rash driving reported in a week's time. Earlier in the week a person sleeping on footpath near Majura Gate died when a speeding car crushed him. The car escaped from the location after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253693", "title": "Administration stamps on big fat weddings in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents will have to continue driving to the periphery to attend marriage functions as the administration is in no mood to come up with big marriage palaces in the city. Seeing the demand, the municipal corporation had sent a proposal to the administration to come up with two marriage palaces at Manimajra and Hallomajra at an area of four and seven acres, respectively. But the proposal has been rejected.In the present scenario, if a resident wants organize a marriage function with a gathering of 700 people or more, then he has to look beyond the city periphery. Reason: The UT has many community centres that are often used for marriages, but do not have a capacity to accommodate large number of people.Marriage palaces in and around Zirakpur have ample space and some can even caters up to 5,000 people. Seeing all this Municipal Corporation had rooted a proposal two build up two banquet halls. After meetings with the architectural department, it was realized that large number of vehicles at the proposed banquet halls may cause parking snarls. To avoid that underground parking was required. Interestingly, in the original plan there was no proposal of underground parking lots.A senior official said there were three reasons behind turning down the proposed marriage palaces at Manimajra and Hallomajra. Firstly, a huge amount will have to be spend for the construction and pay back through will not be any time sooner as marriage season is not throughout the year. Secondly, if the administration auctions these two lands, then it may earn more than Rs 1000 crore, adds the official. Recently, a site of about two acres for a hotel in Sector 35 was auctioned for about Rs 108 crore. Lastly, there is limited open area left in Chandigarh so if in future a proposal for any new project come through, there will be a scarcity of land, the official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250094", "title": "Bruhanmumbai Municipal Corporation to set up 25 night shelters for homeless", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body on Monday assured the Bombay high court that it will set up 25 night shelters for the homeless to protect them from rain before the month-end.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by Homeless Collective alleging the state had made false submissions to the Supreme Court on the number and condition of shelters in Mumbai. The judges directed the BMC to take suggestions from non-government organizations on how to inform the homeless about these shelters.The matter will be heard on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254426", "title": "14 cases of dengue reported on Monday", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Fourteen dengue cases were reported in the district on Monday with the majority of them from the city corporation limits. A total of 1,521 fever cases were reported in different hospitals of the district of which 101 patients have been admitted.Five cases of dengue were reported from Pettah, three each from Vallakadavu and Kodappanakkunnu, two from Karamana and one from Thirumala. Apart from this, 16 other suspected cases were also reported from the district.Meanwhile, to fill up the vacancy of the doctors in the district, the national rural health mission has decided to appoint 25 doctors on a contract basis for six months.Each doctor will be given a consolidated salary of Rs 27,000 per month.The doctors will be appointed only in the rural areas of the district where there is a shortage of doctors.These doctors will be deployed in the community health centres in each block panchayat. All these community health centres will be functioning round the clock till the number of fever cases comes down in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252763", "title": "NRI quota engineering seats: All India Council for Technical Education new norms plug loophole", "text": "BHOPAL: Fresh guidelines of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) have made it difficult for students to take admission under the Non-Resident Indians (NRI) quota by taking its undue advantage. So it seems from the measly number of NRI students, who have taken admission in government-run engineering colleges in the state this year.Only seven students have admission in engineering colleges this year against a quota of around 100 seats. Last year, the figure stood at 12. Before 2011, 90 students had taken admission under this quota. The unusually high number of students at that time had made the AICTE to sit up and prompted it to come out with new guidelines.\"The AICTE made several changes in rules for children of NRIs. Unlike earlier years, there is no provision for admission to NRI-sponsored students,\" said directorate of technical education deputy director Dr B L Reddy.Hailing changes made by the AICTE, Reddy said several students had taken admission in NRI quota in the past by showing \"anyone as their relative. \"It was an injustice to students who were cracking the PET, but still not getting admission. Now, new guidelines clearly mentions that only parents can be treated as your first relative,\" Reddy said.According to AICTE guidelines, technical institutions shall be permitted by competent authority for admission in respective states and union territories to admit the NRI students up to maximum of 5% of the total sanctioned intake. For NRI quota seats, only a person who is NRI himself may seek admission and no other candidate without NRI status will be eligible.Asked about the vacant seats in NRI quota, Reddy said any such vacant seat would be turned into payment seat and this will have to be filled up with selected candidates, the list of which is prepared in keeping with the procedure laid down for admission to technical institutions. Private institutions never approach the authorities for seeking NRI quota facility in their institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14253926", "title": "Woman foils snatching bid", "text": "LUDHIANA: In yet another case of snatching, two men on a motorcycle attacked a woman on Monday near Kochar Market and tried to flee with her purse. However, the woman, who was on a cycle rickshaw, put up a tough fight and managed to hold on to her belongings. In the course of grappling with the snatchers, she fell down from the rickshaw but escaped without injuries. This is the second such case of snatching within two weeks, triggering fear among residents. On June 6, miscreants had stolen 35 tolas gold and other belongings from an NRI woman.Police said Balwinder Kaur, 35, a resident of Walipur village was on her way to the bus stand from a private hospital when the incident occurred. \"She was close to Harnam Nagar when two men on a motorcycle grabbed her hand, trying to snatch her purse. As Balwinder fought to free her hand, she fell from the rickshaw. At this the miscreants fled from the spot,\" said in charge of Kochar Market police post Surinder Pal. He added that the victim told them that both men had covered their faces but seemed like youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14256644", "title": "Try vertical stripes to look slimmer", "text": "LONDON: Want to look slimmer always? Then, don't wear horizontal stripes as they make you look fatter, a new study has found.The study carried out by amateur scientist Val Watham demonstrated that horizontal stripes make people appear wider, while vertical stripes make people appear taller. Watham's experiment, which involved dressing models in a variety of striped designs and asking volunteers to rate their appearance, won the BBC's Amateur Scientist of the Year award.Watham's research challenges the past findings of her scientific mentor Dr Peter Thompson of the University of York. Thompson had earlier showed that horizontal stripes make you look taller and thinner due to a visual effect called the Helmholtz illusion, the BBC reported.When Watham saw these findings, she became skeptical . She felt the line drawings Thompson used weren't realistic . So she applied to repeat his experiment using real people wearing real clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254571", "title": "Corporation ruling council to sue UDF councillors", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation council is likely to file a petition against UDF councillors accusing them of deliberately interrupting the official proceedings of the city corporation following a spat with corporation staff on Saturday.Mayor K Chandrika has reportedly held discussions with the corporation counsel regarding the petition. \"As per the Kerala Municipality Act, there is provision for legal action against anyone who intentionally impedes a staff of the corporation from fulfilling his official duties and responsibilities. On Saturday, the UDF councillors did exactly that when they obstructed the staff from entering the office and blocked the entrance,\" said the mayor.The UDF demonstration on Saturday demanding the resignation of Chandrika resulted in a clash between UDF councillors and corporation staff. A corporation official said that the ruling council's move to file a petition would depend on any action against the corporation staff. \"If any corporation staff involved in the scuffle is punished, the ruling council will go ahead with the petition,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the mayor has received a report from the sergeant about the scuffle. When asked about the rumours regarding the probable suspension of some staff, Chandrika said that the government did not have any right to do that. \"As of now we don't intend to suspend any of the corporation staff who was involved in the incident. The government does not have any right to suspend any of them. As the mayor of the corporation, the transfer and suspension of corporation staff cannot happen without my consent,\" said Chandrika.However, minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhy Ali has also demanded an inquiry report on the incident from the LSG principal secretary. \"I am waiting for the inquiry report, which will be submitted in two days. If the report warrants suspension of any of the staff, it will be carried out without fail. The government holds the right to do that as per the Municipality Act,\" said Ali. Meanwhile, police are on the look out for some corporation staff, who had reportedly injured the UDF councillors. \"We have received a complaint from the UDF councillors. We have collected the address of six suspects involved. A case has been filed and hence they will soon be arrested,\" said city police commissioner T J Jose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249807", "title": "Real estate developers ask govt to lessen tax burden on housing", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Real Estate and Infrastructure Developers' Association (AREIDA) has asked the state government to impound the combined burden of all taxes on housing in the state within 10 per cent, which includes VAT, service tax, stamp duty, registration, labour cess and NOC fees.Describing the burden of registration fee for apartments and vacant land in Assam as an excessive burden for the buyers, AREIDA president PK Sharma said Monday that the rate of registration fees needs to be rationalized to a maximum of Rs 500 per sale deed and the combined burden of taxes for sale deeds be kept within 5 per cent of the cost of the property.\"The stamp duty here in Guwahati is 8 per cent and the registration charge is 8.5 per cent, totaling 16.5 per cent, which is the highest in India. Besides, like other states, rates of stamp duty and registration fee should not be the same here in Assam as well\", Sharma said, while addressing the media.He added that it is unfair to increase the zonal circle rates or the government value of land in the city to eight to 12 times by the state government for city lands in the recent past.\"On many instances, we have seen that the new government value of a plot of land in Guwahati is much higher than the actual market value of that particular land,\" added Sharma.Citing the example of interior areas in places like Gorchuk, Betkuchi and Lokhra in the city, the AREIDA president said the actual land value in these areas is around Rs 20 lakh to Rs 30 lakh per bigha and the circle rate was Rs 6.5 lakh per bigha. But the government has enhanced the value of land in these areas to Rs 75 lakh per bigha.\"For apartments, the value is being fixed by the office of the deputy commissioner for the purpose of calculation of stamp duty and registration fee. This value is found to be arbitrary, as well as exorbitant, and in many cases varying for different apartments of the same category even in the same building,\" alleged Sharma.AREIDA was unhappy that the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) is charging an additional one per cent for NOC issued for sale permission, taking the total duty for sale deed in the city to 17.5 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14254149", "title": "Indian team wins bronze in Asian paragliding meet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Indian paragliding team comprising of Adie Kumar, Jyoti Prakash, Dilip Kotecha, Gurpreet Dhindsa, Vijay Soni and Sanjay Pendurkar won bronze medal in the recently-concluded third FAI Asia Paragliding Championship at Linzhou, China.As many as 70 pilots took part in the competition. Most pilots were from Asian countries and a few had come from other continents also. Japan with 7129 points was declared first, while Korea (6699 points) came in second.The Indian team logged 5289 points to finish third in the championship which started on May 24 and ended on June 2. The Indian team had intensively trained at Bir-Billing in HP in the run up to the competition.Pilot Gurpreet Dhindsa said, \"It was a tough competition and we were not hoping to win a medal but finally we did it with presence of mind and a bit of daredevilry.\"The event was a continental championship with disciplines such as Cross Country and Cross Country (women) category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251718", "title": "Mystery shrouds murder of Indore financier's wife", "text": "INDORE: In a dramatic twist to Saroj Doshi murder case, the 'missing' jewelleries worth Rs 4 lakh, which was reported to have been stolen after murdering the 52-year-old woman at her White Church Colony residence on June 15, was found in the almirah by the relatives of the deceased. Besides this, the family members of the deceased reportedly disclosed to the police that no other valuable was missing from the house after the murder forcing the police to investigate the case from a new angle.Mystery shrouded the murder of the private financier's wife with the finding of the jewelleries and the reporting of no theft at the residence. It also apparently confused the police as they were hitherto probing the case from a murder-for-loot angle.On the day of murder, the police were suspecting that the motive behind the gruesome murder of Saroj, wife of Pradeep Doshi, was looting the valuables at the home. However, the latest revelation on the finding of the jewellery at the house has raised many eyebrows.Talking to ToI, Dr Jayant Doshi, brother-in-law of the deceased, said that his elder brother and husband of the deceased, Pradeep, found the jewelleries in the same almirah, which was left ajar purportedly by the accused after committing the crime. Thus, everybody believed that the killers had decamped with the jewelleries.Dr Jayant said that the family members were quite disturbed and they could not thoroughly check the house to assess the loss. \"Then we had checked the almirah superficially and found the jewelleries missing from there. But today, when my elder brother again went there, he found the jewelleries inside,\" he added.\"My sister-in-law used to keep money and other valuables in her custody while Pradeep was not very much aware of all these things. It might have been reason for him to overlook the jewelleries lying in the almirah after the murder,\" he added. Dr Jayant claimed that nothing was missing from the house. Now, it was quite tough to understand the motive behind the murder, he said adding that the case kept on taking new turn continuously and it puzzled the entire family.SSP A Sai Manohar said that the three-day efforts of police has gone in vain as police were investigating into the loot angle that led to the murder. However, the new development had brought clarity about the motive and police will soon crack the case, said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14249611", "title": "Tribute to June uprising heroes", "text": "IMPHAL: A large number of people on Monday paid tribute to 18 persons, who sacrificed their lives for safeguarding the territorial integrity of the state, 11 years ago.During the people's movement, known as the June (2011) uprising against the extension of NSCN (IM) ceasefire beyond Nagaland , the 18 protestors were killed in police firing.The assembly building, chief minister's bungalow, quarters of several ministers and the various political party offices including Congress, BJP and CPI were also torched by the irate protestors in the uprising.The United Committee Manipur (UCM) observed Monday's event as \"the 11th Great June Uprising Day\" at Kekrupat, where the last rites of the 18 martyrs were performed.The All Manipur United Clubs' Organization (AMUCO) observed it as the \"11th Unity Day\" at Thau ground, Thangmeiband, close to Kekrupat in the heart of Imphal.At both venues, public meetings were held under heavy security cover.Amid tearful scenes, thousands of people belonging to different communities, members of different civil bodies and families of the martyrs paid floral tributes to the memorials at Kekrupat. Some ministers and legislators also joined them in honouring the heroes .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "shakti nagar", "code": "14253930", "title": "Doctor scans nature to spot rare birds", "text": "SHAKTI NAGAR: As dawn breaks, Dr J S Kohli gets out of his Shakti Nagar home with a pair of binoculars hanging around his neck. Tag along with him and you'll find the cosmetic surgeon listening keenly for chirping of birds and softly following their lead before focusing his binoculars to watch them in action.Kohli says the first rays of sun, smell of dew on the grass and chirping of birds work wonders for him so he heads to the nearest park, keeping an eye out for any rare species of birds he may spot.Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and Rose Garden are the most-loved destinations for this bird watcher, but he does not miss checking into public parks in his area to see what treasure it might offer. He claims that he has seen around 180 rare species of birds, both in the city as well as in other parts of the country.Kohli says birding became his hobby by accident rather than by design. \"While I was in Chandigarh, I happened to be in a library where I had access to two books by Salim Ali \u2014 a field guide to Indian birds and his biography. It had paintings of almost all species found in India which made me wonder if all these species really exist,\" he says. So, Kohli got hold of a pair of binoculars and moved towards Morni Hills along with a friend. \"That day we saw five beautiful and exotic birds and it dawned upon me that if I take out enough time I will be able to see all the birds that are in the field book,\" he says, adding that the trip was the beginning of a pastime that has never failed to enthrall him.Now, a holiday always means that Kohli will spend hours waiting and watching for birds. \"With every trip I gain more and more insight into their fascinating world,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252469", "title": "Gwalior tea vendor keen on entering presidential election fray", "text": "BHOPAL: When BJP leader and veteran lawyer Ram Jethmalani went public saying he would fight the presidential elections alone and did not bother even if he lost, a tea stall owner and namkeen vendor in Lashkar area near Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh grasped its spirit and filed his nomination papers in the run for the 13th presidency.\"I don't bother even if I lose. Karam kiye ja, phal ki chinta mat kar (do your work and forget about the result),\" quipped the 44-year old Anand Singh Kushwaha, quoting 'Gita Saar\" after filing his nomination paper to contest election for the top office of the country.\"I am holding talks with Members of Parliament and legislators to get the requisite numbers to propose and second my candidature,\" Kushwaha said adding that contesting elections was not new for him.\"I have unsuccessfully contested the Lok Sabha and assembly elections in the past. I entered the poll fray for the first time in 1994,\" he added. The tea stall owner said that the khichdi coalitions failed to arrive at a consensus on a suitable candidate this time. There are tall leaders, who are ready to contest knowing well about their electoral prospects, Kushwaha added.\"I will win if luck favours me. At least, I am lucky to contest the elections,\" he added. When it comes to contesting elections, Kushwaha's wife Gangarani too tried her electoral fortunes for the mayor's post when the seat was reserved for women. She got 1,531 votes \u2014 much more than her husband got in any of the elections he contested since 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250940", "title": "Jagan case: CBI grills BCCI chief N Srinivasan for 7 hrs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday sought to know from N Srinivasan, MD of The India Cements Ltd, the logic behind his decision to invest Rs 90 crore in rival cement company Bharati Cements when the latter was in the hands of Jaganmohan Reddy.Srinivasan, who also happens to be the chairman of the BCCI and owner of IPL team Chennai Super Kings, was summoned by the probe agency as part of its ongoing investigation into the Jagan assets case and was questioned for more than seven hours at the CBI's makeshift office at Dilkusha Guest House on Raj Bhavan Road. The probe agency sought to know certain details about how India Cements managed to secure huge additional water allocations for its plants in Nalgonda and Rangareddy districts from the YSR regime. The CBI's charge is that the YSR regime allotted water from Kagna and Krishna rivers for these two plants which crossed the quota allotted to Andhra Pradesh under the Bachawat award. In return for the water allocations, India Cements invested Rs 135 crore in Jagan's companies, the CBI alleged.Responding to the CBI query about why he invested in another cement company, Srinivasan reportedly maintained that his decision to invest in Jagan's Bharati Cements paid off in the ultimate analysis as he made a huge profit by selling his shares when Jagan sold his cement firm to a French player. The CBI wants to unravel as to why not only India Cements, but two other cement companies, Penna Cements and Dalmia Cements, also chose to invest in a rival cement company. Its contention is that all these three firms were given limestone mines and huge water allocations. The CBI is said to be done with the questioning of India Cements MD on Monday and that it will be the turn of the MDs of the other two companies to be quizzed beginning Tuesday.Sources said the role of three ministers in the alleged benefits doled out by the YSR regime to the three cement companies will come under CBI scanner.The investigating agency is slated to probe whether then revenue minister Dharmana Prasada Rao allotted huge tracts of land containing limestone to these companies and whether former irrigation minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah cleared the additional water allocations. The role of then mines minister Sabita Indra Reddy in granting mining licenses to these cement firms for extracting limestone will also be examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14258708", "title": "US gay rally to dance to Rowdy tune", "text": "Playing at the Manhattan Pride March in New York on June 24 will be the raucous 'Aa re pritam pyare' from the current Box Office favourite 'Rowdy Rathore', adding an unmistakable desi flavour to the gay rally. \"The Pride is very American, so we bring in a little bit of Asia,\" says Navid, a member of the South Asian Lesbian &amp; Gay Association of New York City (SALGA-NYC) that's rehearsing its steps for the big day. \"It is a great way of engaging with people.\"The week of June 16-24 is the Pride Week in New York \u2014 when Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) events are held to commemorate the Stonewall Riots of 1969, the year LGBT community members fought pitched battles against police harassment.The mood, though, had swung in days in advance. On June 9, Prospect Park in Brooklyn was awash with colour. Men, women and children milled around makeshift booths. Some sold cakes and falafel, others handed out healthcare brochures and condom bags. For the Indian LGBTs in the US, it is a summer to celebrate their sexuality and get in touch with their roots. \"We march every year,\" says Deen, who is of Indian origin. \"I've been to the Pride about six or seven times.\"And this year will be something to watch out for. While the parades at Queens and Brooklyn are quieter, at the grandiose Manhattan march, SALGA is set to grab eyeballs with the zany Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha number. \"The dance team has been practicing since April,\" informs Navid. \"It is a great way to represent our culture.\"Rohan Sheth, who leads the dance team and did the choreography, says that as South Asians living in America, one of the ways they latch on to their culture and demonstrate the life styles is through music and dance. \"We chose Aa re.. as we were motivated by the energy of the track. It's followed by a mashup of Do dhaari talwaar and Rihanna's Where have you been.\"The Pride is also an opportunity to connect with other community members. \"You get to meet queer south Asians,\" says 30-year-old Padma who came out to her parents recently and who have been supportive, but not everyone is as accepting.Deen should know. \"When I came out to my parents about being bisexual 17 years ago and then about being transgender six years ago, they were worried about what people would think. Because of the insistence that I remain a secret, we are sadly not close anymore,\" says Deen, a playwright and performer.SALGA steps in where family backs out. \"Earlier, we were not allowed to participate in the India Day parade, which is held to celebrate India's Independence. But last year they invited us to march,\" says Padma. With President Barack Obama endorsing same-sex marriage early last month, the forthcoming Pride is imbued with a special sense of excitement. \"I hope to marry my partner some day,\" says Tara, 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14256050", "title": "Coalition politics dilutes democracy: MN Venkatachalaiah", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Chief Justice of India Justice MN Venkatachalaiah has maintained that coalition politics are the signs of degeneration of democracy. \"The increasing political expedience of coalitions has made serious violation of the fundamental assumptions and basic rules of parliamentary democracy,\" he said.Delivering the keynote address at the diamond jubilee celebrations of the Karnataka legislative assembly here on Monday, the former CJI -- obviously referring to coalition politics at the Centre and states in recent years -- said a small party, to achieve a fragile majority, bargains for representation in government. The CM, then, would in practice have no control over the behaviour of a member of his cabinet in view of the political compulsions of coalition politics. \"Virtually, there will be as many chief ministers as there are political parties in the coalition government. A coalition government cannot be an excuse for dilution of the prime ministerial/chief ministerial leadership and primacy,\" he maintained.Referring to the working of parliamentary institutions, the former CJI felt there is need for laws to be accessible and understandable. \"Law is not any enacted piece, it is also necessary and important that enacted laws must win public respect and acceptance,\" he said. Justifying his statement, the former CJI compared the 2006 British parliament and said it enacted 5,000 pages of primary legislation and some 11,500 pages of subordinate legislation. \"In India, with the Union and state legislatures enacting numerous laws, one would lose count. Today, one is hardly sure of how many laws there are and what they are,\" he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "14265458", "title": "Eight primary schools to come up in four Naxal-hit districts", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh Government has given permission to open eight primary schools in four Naxal- affected districts of the state, official sources said today.The schools will be opened in 2012-13 in Narayanpur, Rajnandgaon, Bastar and Kanker districts under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), the Centre's flagship programme for universalisation of elementary education, they said.Several school buildings in Naxal-hit areas have been destroyed by the extremists. This has affected the education of school-going children, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249660", "title": "Bangladeshi nabbed with fake ID papers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city Special Operations Group (SOG) arrested a man living in the city on fake identity. His search fetched nine documents suspected to be forged. Police have sought 10-day remand for the accused.According to police, a team led by inspector S M Chaudhary got a tip-off on Akbar Shaikh, a resident near Chandola lake in Shah-e-Alam, that he was living illegally and also working as an agent for the Bangladeshi nationals who wanted to settle down in Gujarat.\"We raided his residence on Sunday evening and found him in possession of five voter's identity cards, two Aadhar unique identity cards, a PAN card, a ration card and a bank ATM card. During his questioning, we got to know that Shaikh, a resident of Khulna in Bangladesh, had earlier come to Ahmedabad in 2008 but was caught and deported. He played more cautiously in 2009 and approached an agent in Kolkata who provided him with basic identity documents,\" said an SOG official.Shaikh made Ahmedabad his base and set up his network. He used to get contracts from agents in Kolkata and used to settle the illegal immigrants around Chandola lake. \"We are investigating the documents found from him. We believe that they might have been used to provide fake identity to the immigrants. Investigation is on to ascertain his network,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253475", "title": "Now Mohali substation develops snag", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There seems to be no end in sight for the power woes of city residents. The electricity department has now cited problems with the 66KV substation at Mohali as the main reason behind frequent power-related issues in several sectors of the UT. Many areas like sectors 46, 35, 40, 44, 45, 34, 38, 20, Dadumajra and Burail are facing dark hours and sweaty days.Superintendent engineer M P Singh said, \"Breakdown in past one week in sectors 34, 35, 36 and many other areas is due to tripping of 66 KV power substation in Mohali. We are trying to fix the problem.\"Meanwhile, city residents are having a hard time without power. Ankita Sharma of Sector 45 said, \"I am sleep deprived because of the power breakdown. It's not fair that even after paying tariff's we are suffering from frequent power breakdowns.\"\"I am fed up of these frequent power failures. They have made our lives miserable,\" said Rakesh Kumar of Sector 34.\"I called up the complaint office several times but all they said that they had sent technicians to check the fault. Either they don't pick up or if they do then they always say the same thing,\" said Priya Verma of Sector 46.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252455", "title": "Two found murdered at Mahanagar house", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a sensational incident, decomposed body of two employees of a government of India's enterprise looking after maintenance and material supply to Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidhut Utpadan Nigam (UPRVUN) was found in a pool of blood in Mahanagar Extension area here on Monday morning.The incident came to light when the officials of the Instrumentation Limited reported for the duty in the morning at around 9.45am. The two employees were identified as Dev Nath Singh, a technician posted at Obra and office guard Bansraj Yadav. Singh was on an official visit to the city and was seen until Saturday, which is a half-day at the Central government's office. It is being assumed that instead of going to a hotel, Singh preferred to stay back in the office, Instrumentation Limited officials said.The other guard Kripashanker Misra, who was also supposed to be on duty, however, was missing since Saturday, officials of the unit have confirmed. It is for this reason that in his complaint, DGM (finance) AK Singh who is the top official at the unit in the absence of Regional Manager Anuj Goel, who is out on an official tour for the past few days, has cast doubt on the role of Kripashanker Misra.Kripashanker had not reached home either and his mobile phone was switched off, almost confirming his involvement, the police said. Strangely, the haste in which the police as well the officials of the unit have put Kripashanker under scanner and revealing the same to mediapersons is beyond anyone's guess. The fact that Kripashanker might have gone into hiding out of fear of being trapped is something which nobody is paying heed to.According to reports, at around 9.45am, AK Singh reached the office and unlike other days, found the doors of the office and channel gate from the verandah side locked. Unable to contact any of the two guards -- Bansraj and Kripashanker -- the DGM instructed peon Pawan to bring some duplicate key expert, who could open the locks. Since there were two guards, the office was never locked as at least one of them used to stay back in the office on night duty.No sooner than the locks were broken, foul smell started emanating from the office, the DGM said. Unable to understand, the officials then got the locks of the conference room broken only to find body of a man lying in front of the semi-circle table, Singh told TOI. However, on further examination of the room, the officials found another body lying just behind the table, he confirmed.It was after this that Singh informed the police. On receiving the information, senior police officials including district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey, SP (trans-Gomti), circle officer Habibul Hasan and other officials rushed to the spot and began investigation into the matter.It appears that someone has used a blunt object to hit both the men on their heads, the police said on the basis of its preliminary inquiry. The DGM (finance) told mediapersons said that the Lucknow Unit of Instrumentation Ltd was soon to be shifted and most of its employees were under transfer including him. With head office of the unit based in Kota, Rajasthan, the employees were to be shifted to Kota, the DGM said and added around three employees had been already relieved.The unit in Mahanagar was being operated from a house owned by one KN Goel, Singh further said and added strangely, he was informed on Sunday by the unit's peon Pawan that the office was locked. Pawan had come for some work on the instruction of the regional manager. Again on Sunday evening, one more guard Manoj Kumar who was join duty from Sunday night also informed Pawan that the office was still locked.Since the office was to be shifted, the DGM (finance) didn't take the pain of finding out the matter and assumed that since the guards were on contractual duty, they might have turned insincere knowing well that they won't be merged or regularised once the office is shifted completely and might have gone out without informing of the senior officials.The police said that the matter was being investigated and efforts were on to arrest the culprits and ascertain the motive.behind the double murders inside a government office. IG Pandey said that as per the call detail records, DN Singh made his last call at 9.56pm on Saturday, which hints that he along with the guard was murdered after 10pm.Since Kripashanker has not reached his native place at Jagatpur in Rae Bareli, a police team from Lucknow has been sent and directed to camp in Rae Bareli to dig out any information which might reach the family members, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253600", "title": "House meet to take up major issues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Issues regarding construction of roads, maintenance of parks, ongoing water crisis and poor sanitation scenario throughout the city, imposition of house tax and functioning of sewerage treatment plants will be prominently discussed in the monthly house meeting on Tuesday.The opposition is quite keen to know the exact position of the tertiary treated water in the city as it has come to the knowledge that supply of tertiary treated water is very low and only 2-4 MGD is being provided to the city.\"Water problem is a major issue and the residents of the most of the areas are still not getting potable water. Besides, sewerage treatment plants also require improvements. We will raise these issues in the house meeting,\" said municipal councillor Arun Soon.The issue regarding a modern slaughterhouse had earlier come in the finance and contract committee meeting, but was referred to the house for discussion.Municipal councillor Rajesh Gupta, who is also a member of the finance and contract committee, said, \"The matter requires detailed discussion in the house so that all members can give their views. Therefore, I had recommended the issue be brought in the house for a detailed discussion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251821", "title": "Police clueless about guard murder", "text": "INDORE: Almost 24 hours after the murder of a guard of an insurance company at Race Course area, police are still clueless about the perpetrators of the crime. SSP A Sai Manohar has, however, said that the police would crack the case soon.He said the police are investigating to find out the acquaintances of the guard and the people in know of the chest at the insurance company.CSP Rajesh Raghuvanshi, on the other hand, said there is no significant development so far in the investigation. He said the accused have stolen Rs 80,000. Another source in the department said the police have not got any clue so far in the case.Confirming loot as the motive behind the murder, SSP said it is evident from the disappearance of the chest.A few unidentified accused had escaped with the chest of the private insurance company after killing the guard in Abhay Prashal at the Race Course area on Sunday night. The area comes under Tukoganj police jurisdiction.The guard was identified as Nand Kumar, a resident of Swarnbag Colony. He was strangled to death in the office. The incident had come to fore when another guard came to join the duty and found him lying on the floor. According to officials, the accused had used thin rope to strangle the guard who was also bleeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14256045", "title": "Tender coconuts and melons on the wane this summer", "text": "MADURAI: People in Madurai have been unable to beat the summer heat with tender coconuts and watermelons as these fruits have almost been missing from the roadside this season.There are two kinds of tender coconuts marketed in Madurai every summer, the country variety that comes from Theni and surrounding regions and the more majestic Pollachi coconuts. This year, the cost of small coconuts that contain about 100 ml of juice soared to about Rs 18 a fruit, while the bigger ones cost Rs 40.N Ganapathy, who has been in the business of selling tender coconuts since 1972, says this year was one of the worst. \"I had to close my shop in K K Nagar in Madurai for 22 days in the last two months, because I couldn't get sufficient stock,\" he says. The fruits were priced at only about Rs two more than last year, he added. Ganapathy says that farmers have not been able to get a good harvest this year. Trees of his regular supplier in Pollachi, that bore about 40 good fruits a month had produced only two or three quality ones this year. \"The irregular power supply was the main reason for a bad harvest. The winds that swept the region also adversely affected the water uptake of the coconut palms which in turn impacts the quality of the fruit,\" he explains. When the climate is not windy, the plants take up 60 to 70% of the water used for irrigation, but the winds bring it down to 20%, Ganapathy adds.Finding labour to climb the trees has also become difficult and this year, the cost of labour went up as well. Labourers demand Rs 1,000 per day to pick 1,000 fruits, but with the decreased number of fruits, they had to climb more trees and demanded for more pay. All this added to a bad summer for tender coconut vendors this season.Meanwhile, watermelons that are usually seen in plenty on the streets of Madurai each summer, were mostly accessible only in departmental stores this year. Pandidurai, who used to sell the fruit near Chockikulam, says this is the first year that he had not been able to make enough money from selling watermelons in summer. \"Last year I made Rs 30,000 in three months, buying over 500 fruits a day which helps me tide over the entire year. But this year we could not get sufficient melons, because of a bad harvest in the northern districts where they are cultivated,\" he said.K Sundaram a farmer in Dindigul said that he always planted watermelons and would reap the benefits between March to April. \"But this year the vines developed poorly and the flowering did not take place properly because of the non-availability of water due to the power cuts,\" he said.Last year, a kilogram of watermelon cost about Rs 15 to 20 but this year, it went up to Rs 40 and not everyone had access to them. \"The only things that nature continues to give in plenty are cucumbers, but even these are becoming a rare commodity,\" said Pokisham, a teacher.Sources at the department of horticulture say that the non-availability of power and changing climatic conditions are impacting the growth of various crops throughout the state and that this scenario had being observed for the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14252955", "title": "Uttara Kannada gets ready for rain", "text": "KARWAR: \"Monsoons have entered the Uttara Kannada district and administration is gearing to face excess rain and floods in the district. To face the situation, gram sameethis should be formed and life-saving equipments, warning systems and disaster management system should be kept on alert,\" said Basavaraju, district in-charge secretary, Uttara Kannada.Addressing officials in the office of the deputy commissioner on Monday, Basavaraju said the meeting was being held on the instruction of the chief minister to discuss drinking water issues, drought and excess rain in Uttara Kannada. Officials should alert about the floods in coastal parts of the district, he said.Reviewing the monsoon management in each taluk of the district, Basavaraju collected information from respective tahashildar about the preparations during the monsoon season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14255309", "title": "Mysore Palace saves Rs 65L on power", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Palace has put on a green cap. The palace will replicate its success on rainwater harvesting pilot on a grand scale to cut down on power consumption and reduce electricity bill.On the Mysore Palace's radar is harvesting 10 million litres of rainwater ever year. The eco-friendly activity is a win-win for the palace board: its annual electricity bill of Rs 90 lakh is now Rs 25 lakh. Rainwater harvesting has reduced the dependence on borewells.The 22-acre gardens of the palace require 10 lakh litres of water every month.In 2009, the palace board started constructing tanks to harvest rainwater with technical inputs from the National Institute of Engineering's Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technology. In the fourth phase, the board is constructing two tanks of 2-lakh-litre storage capacity outside the Jayamarthanda Gate, the main entry point to the palace. The groundwork will be completed in two months.Board's deputy director TS Subramanya said: \"We were depending on borewells. Harvesting of rainwater has cut down on their use. Even the groundwater has recharged. We are getting water easily from the 10 borewells.\"The palace can overcome water scarcity when all the tanks are filled during monsoon.The present tanks are refilled six times in a year, given the rainfall pattern in Mysore. Once the fourth phase is completed, the tanks will be interconnected to maintain the resources easily and to maintain supply to different gardens, K Shivkumar, an engineer with the board, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249841", "title": "Doctor duo slapped with culpable homicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Beed doctors\u2014Sudam Munde and his wife Saraswati\u2014surrendered before the Parli police, the state government is contemplating hiring Ujjwal Nikam as the public prosecutor to argue the state's case against the couple.The Parli magistrate court on Monday sent the doctor couple, accused of conducting illegal abortions, to police custody till June 30.The police have booked the couple for culpable homicide under section 304 of the IPC. However, the health department has asked the police department to also add the charge of death due to negligence under section 304 (A) of the IPC against the couple.On Monday, public health minister Suresh Shetty met principal secretary (law) Vijay Achaliya, health secretary Bhushan Gagrani and family welfare commissioner Vikas Gharge. The meeting was held to build a strong case against the couple. According to health department officials, hiring a top lawyer for the case was discussed at the meeting. \"Ujjwal Nikam is one of the names being considered by the department. Also, appointing a senior lady police officer to conduct further investigations was discussed,\" an official said.Senior NCP leader and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal too has demanded slapping of stringent sections against the Munde couple.Spelling more trouble for the Mundes and those who helped them, the health ministry has decided to also ask the police to find out who sheltered the couple, who were on the run for the last one month. \"Cops should take the driver, who brought the couple to the police station, into custody and find out where all the doctors visited over the last three weeks,\" a senior Mantralaya official said. \"The government has also decided to club all cases against Munde to prepare a stronger case,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14252999", "title": "Utkal University banks on own entrance exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a last moment change, Utkal University has decided to conduct its own entrance test for admission into its MBA and MCA courses instead of taking students through Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) leaving OJEE qualifiers a dejected lot.The OJEE brochure 2012-13 mentioned Utkal University in the list of government institutions offering MBA/MCA courses and where admission would be based on OJEE results. However, long after students cleared the OJEE examination, result of which was published on May 30, the university has done a U-turn by taking out advertisements last week to conduct its own entrance for these courses. OJEE counseling for these courses would begin this week.\"I was under the impression that I can easily get a seat in Utkal University MCA. That was precisely the reason I appeared for the OJEE. OJEE and Utkal authorities should have had better coordination to avoid such a confusion,\" said a student. Utkal's MBA and MCA programmes with 30 seats each are among the most sought after in the OJEE list of institutions for these two courses.OJEE authorities said they were not aware that Utkal would not draw students from OJEE pool. \"While advertising for OJEE or during conducting the entrance, we had no idea that the varsity will not take students from OJEE pool. Only recently, they have conveyed us the decision,\" said OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo. Till last year Utkal University was taking students through OJEE for these courses.But Utkal University authorities said they had intimated OJEE about the change well in time. \"We had written a letter to OJEE well in time that we will conduct our own entrance examination. Recently, when we discovered that the OJEE has misplaced the letter, we have written again,\" said varsity's PG council chairman Prof P K Mishra.Mishra said the varsity took the decision for its own entrance to get better students by giving certain weightage to career. \"We saw that for departments where we conduct our own entrance, the lot of students coming are better, resulting in better job recruitment at the end of the courses. However, for MBA and MCA, campus placements were on the decline,\" he said.As per its advertisements, Utkal will select students for these two master degrees by giving weightage to career marks, entrance test, group discussion and personal interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252776", "title": "Moist winds bring down Lucknow's max temperature below 40-degrees mark", "text": "LUCKNOW: As predicted, the weather in the city started changing on Monday. Moisture-laden easterly winds replaced dry hot westerly overnight, leading to drop in temperature below 40 degrees Celsius. Though the moisture content in the atmosphere made the climate sultry, weatherman predicted possibilities of thunderstorm and light pre-monsoon showers in the state capital during next 24-48 hours. The change in the wind pattern has also indicated that the monsoon is on its way to UP and if all goes well, it may arrive by the weekend. The sky is expected to be partly cloudy on Tuesday and maximum temperature would be around 39 degrees Celsius.State Met director JP Gupta said that the air mass preceding monsoon has entered UP and is responsible for the change in wind pattern. The air mass is followed by clouds which cause thunderstorms and light pre-monsoon showers. And, the monsoon arrives in the next 3-4 days, he said. As of now, the monsoon has covered Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Odisha, Karnataka and north-eastern states. It has also covered some parts of Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, and West Bengal. Conditions are favourable for further advance of monsoon into Gujarat and Chhattisgarh and remaining parts of Maharashtra, Orissa and West Bengal and Sikkim and some parts of Madhya Pradesh , Jharkhand and Bihar during next 2-3 (June 20-21) days and UP by June 23-24.The maximum temperature in Lucknow on Monday was 39.4 degrees Celsius. It was for the first time in last one-and-a-half month that mercury went down below 40 degrees Celsius. In fact, the city was reeling under heatwave conditions with maximum temperature hovering between 43-45 degrees Celsius. Dry hot winds had made things difficult for the people. However, the fall in the temperature due to change in the wind pattern came as a relief, although there was an element of discomfort due to sultry conditions because of rise in the humidity level. The Met director said that there are possibilities of light rains in next 24-48 hours. Thereafter, humid weather conditions would be back for a brief period. It would be followed by another round of thunder showers.Meanwhile, the change in wind pattern led to a drop in temperatures at most places by 2-5 degrees Celsius in the state. Fatehgarh was hottest with 43.6 degrees Celsius followed by Allahabad with 42.5 degrees Celsius, Hamirpur 42.2 degrees Celsius, Kanpur and Rae Bareli at 41.2 degrees Celsius each and Banda 40 degrees Celsius. In rest of the state, the maximum temperature was by and large below 40 degrees Celsius. The Met officials said that an upper air cyclonic circulation has developed over Bay of Bengal. Under its influence, a low pressure area may develop during next 48 hours. This low pressure area thus generated is expected to create a force which will push the monsoon forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14255936", "title": "Body of 75-year-old man found", "text": "Malda: A 75-year-old man was allegedly killed by his brother over possession of mango trees at Sakullapur village in Malda on Sunday night. The victim's mutilated body was found on Monday morning. A complaint has been lodged, but the accused are absconding.The victim, Sitaram Choudhury, had a tiff with his brother, Basanta, over ownership of mango trees beside their house. tnnThe two families were in fact often involved in quarrels and scuffles over the issue.Two days back, the quarrel took a bitter turn and neighbours had to intervene to bring the situation under control.On Sunday evening, Sitaram reportedly went for a stroll, but never returned. His body was found on Monday morning.The victim's family then lodged a complaint against Basanta and his son Jayanta at Kaliachak police station. But the accused are absconding. Sitaram's wife Chhaya alleged that Sitaram was killed by his brother and nephew.75 years old was allegedly killed by his brother on a scuffle regarding a mango tree. The stirring incident took place at village Sakullapur under Kaliachak police station. It is learnt that Sitaram Choudhury (75) had a tiff with his brother Basanta Choudhury regarding the ownership of mango tree beside his house. Two families were often involved quarrel and scuffle on this issue. 2 days back the quarrel took a bitter turn which the neighbours had to intervene to diffuse.Yesterday Sitaram went for a stroll in the evening but never returned at night. This morning his mutilated body was found and the relatives identified him. Later a complaint was lodged in Kaliachak Police Station against Basanta and his son Jayanta for killing Sitaram. Chhaya Choudhury, wife of Sitaram alleged that her husband was murdered brutally by his brother and nephew. Basanta and his son were absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "14255843", "title": "Red storm: Nepal Maoists bicker over Prachanda, split", "text": "KATHMANDU: A faction of Nepal's Maoist party split on Monday with the rebel group accusing Maoist leader Prachanda of revisionism and failing to live up to ideals of the communist revolution. The newly formed Communist Party of Nepal, Maoist, is headed by ideologue Vaidya who declared the dissociation from the mother party, Unified CPN-Maoist.The split further complicates the political scenario as it puts pressure on beleaguered PM Baburam Bhattrai who is being called to resign by the opposition following the dissolution of parliament last month.The newly formed party's conclave, that ended on Monday, has decided to position its strategy around people's revolt. It will formally announce its split on Tuesday.There had been several unsuccessful attempts by Prachanda to dissuade Vaidya from splitting the party earlier. However, the dissident faction asked for the resignation of Prachanda from the post of party chair and that of Bhattarai as PM.Vaidya was lodged in a jail in West Bengal when the Maoists signed a peace deal with the government in 2006 ending the 10-year conflict. The hard-line Maoist was against the peace deal.Matters came to a head between Prachanda and Vaidya towards the end of 2011 after Prachanda agreed to carry forward the process of integration of 17,000 Maoist with the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251654", "title": "Water: Haryana agrees to help Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Respite from prolonged water shortage is in sight for parched Delhi with Haryana on Monday agreeing to release enough water to help the capital tide over its crisis while not losing sight of its own needs.An easing of hostilities between Delhi and Haryana came after a meeting convened by the Centre and attended by chief ministers Shiela Dikshit and Bhupinder Hooda. It was agreed that the reservoir levels at Wazirabad and Haiderpur plants in Delhi will be maintained in keeping with Supreme Court orders. Importantly, Haryana agreed to additional releases to help meet Delhi's 55 MGD shortfall in the immediate future.\"The meeting was positive. Haryana will do what it can to help Delhi. Of course, Haryana will be conscious of its own requirements as it is also facing shortages in the hot season,\" water resources minister Pawan Bansal told TOI.After the meeting, that saw some sharp exchanges between Haryana and Delhi CMs, Hooda told the media, \"We are aware that there is a crisis in Delhi. We will provide enough water to capital. Whenever there is a crisis both governments will find a way out.\"Given sensitivities involved, no quantum of release was specified although Haryana argued that it was releasing more than Delhi's share at present. Dikshit was vociferous in demanding that Delhi's needs be met. However, the meeting ended on a more cordial note with Hooda agreeing to keep the capital's requirements in mind.Sources said a breakthrough was achieved because Bansal focused on addressing the immediate situation while segregating the more complex aspects of the dispute like monitoring water flows and verifying claims of water diversion and losses. This would be done by central engineers who will visit sites in Haryana.The two sides were urged not to go to the media with their disputes. And both agreed that in the future they will work in consultation and not allow matters to take an ugly turn as in the present case.The charges exchanged in the recent past saw Hooda tell the media later that he had never refused to take a call from his Delhi counterpart. Central officials were concerned about political blame games spilling out of hand.After the meeting convened by Bansal and also attended by PMO officials, separate discussions followed till late night between officials from both states where a plan of action to deal with the problem was thrashed out. The Upper Yamuna River Board has been assigned the task of monitoring the release of water at Haryana and utilization by Delhi, a report on which will be submitted to the water resources minister shortly. A team of 24 officials will be involved in the task and measure intake at treatment plants like Wazirabad, Haiderpur and Chandrawal.The UYRB will also look for a solution to the primary bone of contention between the two states over the Munak canal. Delhi, which has spent over Rs 500 crore for the construction of the canal, has been asking Haryana to continue releasing the same amount of water as it does through the present channel. The capital will benefit from 80 MGD of water which it is losing through large scale leakages in the existing canal. Haryana claims that there was never any such proposal and it will not allow Delhi to benefit from this water. It is also asking for the closure of a cut in the canal at Iradatnagar that Delhi created a few years earlier. As per a group of ministers order, the cut needs to be closed immediately.Meanwhile, Delhi Jal Board reported a slight rise in the Wazirabad pond level on Monday morning. Dikshit also instructed DJB and NDMC to reduce water supply to the Lutyens' Bungalows area, including her residence, to ensure an equitable supply till the water situation did not improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14254298", "title": "Lakshmi Bai\u2019s birthplace to be turned into memorial", "text": "VARANASI: After years of struggle and disputes, dust is soon going to be cleared over the birthplace of Rani Lakshmi Bai which is located at Bhadaini area near Asi ghat. The place, which was lost into oblivion over the years, is being given finishing touches in the form of a memorial for the female warrior, who gave a tough fight to British during the 1857 War of Independence.\"The memorial will be inaugurated, once the process of upcoming local body elections is completed after July 7,\" regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar said while talking to TOI on the occasion of day of martyrdom of Lakshmi Bai on Monday. According to Kumar, no events were organized by tourism department. However, local organizations were holding ceremonies to mark the event.\"There were some legal disputes too and families staying there were rehabilitated at a different place. This process took time and in 2009, the project was sanctioned, years after, when the project of the building was first proposed in 1978,\" said Kumar. According to him, a budget of Rs 52.24 lakh has been allotted to this project and construction work was started in 2010. The memorial comprises a golden colour statue of Lakshmi Bai, accompanied by pictorial representation of major events from the life of the warrior queen on the side walls. The boundary lines of the campus have been constructed with pink stones. \"At present, almost all the major works have been completed and finishing touches are being given to the memorial with pink stones on the floors. It is expected that the work will be completed in 10 days,\" an engineer present at the site said.The motivational stories and events from Lakshmi Bai's life have been carved out. However, the inscription of lines from the poetry (Khoob Ladi Mardani ...) written by Subhadra Kumari Chauhan on the side walls and setting up of fountains near the statue are yet to be finished.The birthplace had been lying neglected for a long time. According to a local resident Shamshad, very often tourists and educationists used to come in search of the birth place of warrior queen but witnessing the condition and the homes of others at that place, they had to return dejected. The tourism department is hopeful that the memorial will attract thousands of tourists, educationists, historians and students to witness the birth place of the woman, who was an epitome of bravery and empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14265029", "title": "LiLo spotted partying past midnight at L.A.", "text": "Lindsay Lohan , who sparked health concerns after paramedics were called to her hotel room after she was found unconscious on Friday, was spotted partying past midnight at L.A. hotspot 'Chateau Marmont' the day after.According to Us Weekly, the 'Mean Girls' star hung with pals Busy Philipps, Haylie Duff and Ashley Benson , still clad in hair and makeup from her role in upcoming Elizabeth Taylor Lifetime biopic Liz 'n' Dick, New York Daily reported.\"For someone so exhausted, it was shocking to see her out past 1 a.m.,\" an observer told the magazine.However, the star's representative Steven Honig claimed that there was a perfectly good explanation for her evening out.\"Lindsay has been working the night shift the last 2 or 3 nights so it's quite reasonable that she was up and having dinner at 1 a.m,\" he said.\"She's working a shift from 8 p.m. to 9 a.m. It takes her body a day or two to adjust back from that timing.\"At 7:30 a.m. on Monday morning, she was in the car and on her way to the set by 8 a.m,\" Honig said.He also added that though the actress had suffered from 'exhaustion and dehydration', she returned to work after a brief examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14256123", "title": "Kids with cerebral palsy get special wheel chairs", "text": "MADURAI: Twenty children affected with cerebral palsy were provided special wheel chairs at the public grievance day meeting held at the district collectorate on Monday. The chairs, provided by the government, will allow the children easy mobility and help them in their physiotherapy training.Staff with the Differently-Abled Welfare Office told the parents how to use the special chairs. Many parents were happy that they would now be able to take their children around and also enable them to sit straight. \"I am glad I can take around my daughter without much difficulty,\" a mother of one of the affected child said.Children affected with cerebral palsy suffer from lack of co-ordination of hands and legs and have difficulty in keeping their heads or spine straight. The special wheel chairs have straps for neck, spine and legs and have a solid board to rest the hands. It will help the children to sit straight and work on physiotherapy exercises. Besides, parents can easily move the children around, an official said.Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra distributed the special wheel chairs to the children at the grievance day meet. Each chair cost Rs 5,400 and was provided by the Differently-Abled Welfare Department. \"We received 30 special chairs from the allotment made last year and 20 of them were distributed on Monday. Another 10 will be given away by next Monday. For this year, we have sought 50 more special chairs,\" he said.To deliver identity cards on the spot to the differently-abled, the district administration had deployed a medical team consisting of a psychiatrist, ophthalmologist, orthopedic and an ENT specialist. Five differently-abled people were screened by this team and identity cards were issued to them immediately.Mishra said the medical team will be present during meetings hereafter. Hearing impaired without identity cards will be sent for tests to Government Rajaji Hospital and be provided cards when the reports are ready. Other differently-abled will be tested on the spot by the medical team and cards will be issued to them, he said. He added that the differently-abled persons seeking identity cards must come to the collectorate on Mondays with two passport size photographs and another two passport photographs showing the physical disability besides a copy of ration card to get spot identity cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14255992", "title": "Right practices can transform agriculture: M S Swaminathan", "text": "KOCHI: Investing in agro-ecological agricultural practices, backed by the right technology, balanced against traditional wisdom would help ensure food security, said eminent agricultural scientist M S Swaminathan here on Monday.Delivering the 11th Joseph Cardinal Parecattil Commemorative Lecture 2012, on the theme, 'Rio+20 - Green Economy With Inclusive Growth', Swaminathan said modern practices like precision farming and climate-resilient farming or 'smart farming', would help convert the concept of 'evergreen agriculture revolution' into a reality.\"The shift from green revolution to evergreen revolution requires emphasis on ecologically sustainable practices and state interventions to improve food supply. We are able to produce enough to feed our 1.2 billion people. But, malnutrition and under-nutrition still remain major issues. Increasing food price volatility is another problem that has to be tackled,\" Swaminathan said. Recommendations to control food price volatility have been made for being incorporated in the Food Security Bill to be soon passed in Parliament, he said. The suggestions include tougher regulatory measures in commodity markets, increase in transparency in exchange trading and closing of agricultural contracts and building stocks at world and regional levels.\"It is important to restore confidence in the international trading system through policy options like putting in place the right import and export policies, as well as timely dissemination of information on market fundamentals,\" Swaminathan said.Swaminathan, who had mooted forming a national grid to store grain to reduce the high distribution costs and time taken in delivering agricultural produce to India's remote parts, said legal entitlement should be given to underprivileged and disadvantage people on a priority basis to ensure their food security.\"We have to think in terms of a targeted PDS (public distribution system) versus a universal PDS. An important issue for the Food Security Act to tackle is whether PDS can be made universal in the 200 high-burden districts identified by the Prime Minister's Nutrition Advisory Council,\" he said. Noting that the Food Security Bill should be built on cultural honesty, he hoped it would help usher in convergence and synergy among diverse areas like drinking water, sanitation and health care.The National Commission on Farmers chaired by Swaminathan has also recommended the formation of a National Nutrition Food Security Council under the provisions of the FSA to ensure political support and oversight of the Food Security Bill across party lines once the bill becomes law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14251926", "title": "No octroi, only local body tax from July 1", "text": "NASHIK: The state government on Monday announced that the local body tax (LBT) will be introduced in Nashik Municipal Corporation limits from July 1. It has also projected around 20% rise in revenue through LBT, as compared to octroi collected by the NMC, joint commissioner of sales tax Mahaveer K Pendhari said here.\"LBT is also being implemented in Amravati, Akola, Ahmednagar, Ulhasnagar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Chandrapur, Parbhani and Latur,\" he said.Earlier, octroi was charged on the prices of materials but LBT will be levied on the total turnover. As per the LBT slabs, traders having turnover up to Rs 1 lakh have been exempted; those with turnover up to Rs. 2 lakh will pay Rs 2,000; Rs 3 lakh turnover will invite Rs. 3,000 LBT; Rs 4 lakh will have to pay Rs 4,000; and turnover of Rs 5 lakh will have Rs 5,000 LBT. Traders having turnover up to Rs 5 lakh will have to pay tax once a year.Those having a turnover of over Rs 5 lakh will have to pay taxes as per the commodities, in the range from 1-8% and it will have to be paid within first 10 days of the month.NMC is expected to get Rs 1,000 crore from LBT as against Rs 700 crore from octroi, and will require only one-third employees to collect it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "14259742", "title": "'Rapist' French diplomat held in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Pascal Mezuier, French diplomat allegedly accused of raping his four-year-old daughter, was arrested in Bangalore on Tuesday.According to TV reports, the accused has now been taken for a medical check up and will be produced in court later in the day.The Bangalore Police earlier on Monday had refused to arrest the man despite the French embassy in New Delhi stating that Pascal did not enjoy diplomatic immunity.French embassy in New Delhi confirmed that Mezuier (39), deputy head of chancery in the French consulate in Bangalore and accused of raping his daughter by his wife, does not hold a diplomatic passport, but the police said it's waiting for a written statement from the ministry of external affairs on Pascal's status before arresting him.Following a complaint from Pascal's wife Suja Jones Mazurier, cops had registered a case against Mazurier under Section 376 of IPC on Thursday but did not arrest him, first saying he may have diplomatic immunity, then seeking the confirmation that he does not, in writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14252030", "title": "Ambad's garbage issue raked up with Nashik Municipal Corporation", "text": "NASHIK: In light of growing complaints against the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) over sanitationissues in the district's industrial belt of Ambad, the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers'Association (AIMA) decided to take up the matter with the civic body.The issues pertained to garbage piles remaining uncollected due to inadequate and irregular garbage collecting vehicles in the industrial estate.To initiate a discussion with the NMC a delegation of AIMA members, led by its president Suresh Mali, recently visited various parts of Ambad MIDC to reviewed the sanitary and pre-monsoon works which were to be undertaken by the NMC in the area. The delegation found piles of uncollected garbage at several locations within the area.The delegation therefore met the officials from the Cidco Division of the NMC who assured them that provisions regular sanitary services and adequate garbage collecting vehicles will be deployed regularly in the problem areas.\"Every year, pre-monsoon works are carried out before the monsoon begins. This year, the NMC did not carry out pre-monsoon and sanitary works in Ambad MIDC even though the monsoon has already arrived. This has caused garbage to pile up at various places across the industrial estate. Moreover, the nullahas in the area have not been cleaned properly. Only a single garbage-collecting vehicle has been put on service for all of Ambad MIDC and this too does not come regularly. There is a growing foul smell in the industrial area,\" said Mali.The delegation was concerned that the garbage, if not lifted regularly, will rot in the monsoon which will spread disease in the area.It added that proper measures must be put in place by the NMC to maintain sanitation in the industrial estate. NMC gets 60% of its revenue from the industry in the form of octroi, but the comparable facilities it provides to the industry are inadequate.The delegation comprised vice-president Prakash Bramhankar, secretary Nikhil Panchal, treasurer Unmesh Kulkarni, members Prasanna Jadhav, S S Bhogal, Sunil Jadhav and Vinayak More.The NMC has not carried out pre-monsoon works even though the monsoons have arrived. Nullahs have not been cleaned either. Moreover there is only one garbage collecting vehicle and that too is irregular in its visits to AmbadSuresh Mali | President, AIMA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257193", "title": "Admission process in full swing at many colleges", "text": "KANPUR: The admission process in various degree colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University had started. The degree colleges have made available admission forms through banks or at the counters on the campuses. Many colleges are selling the admission forms from second week of June. On Monday, long queues of students were witnessed at degree colleges for seeking admission into the graduation and post-graduation courses.Students had turned up in good numbers to buy forms at DBS, Mahila, AND, PPN and Christ Church College. Majority of colleges have started distributing the admission forms from June 18. Some of the government aided colleges will start the admission process from June 20. Colleges like Nagar Nigam Mahila Degree College, AND Dollege, Mahila Maha Vidyalaya and DG College, PPN Degree College, Christ Church College, Juhari Devi, PPN and Kanpur Vidya Mandir have already started selling the admission forms.The first cut-off list would probably be declared by the last week of June. At VSSD College, DAV College, SN Sen College and BND College, admission forms will be made available from June 20. Several students have applied in many colleges. The number of seats are limited in prominent colleges, so the students do not want to take chances.\"I have applied in PPN and Christ Church College for seeking admission in BSc (mathematics). I am expecting a seat in PPN but there will be no problem if I will get admission in Christ Church College,\" said Sneha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250557", "title": "Lower minority cut-offs in 1st list cheer first year junior college aspirants", "text": "MUMBAI: Following an almost 50% dip in the number of state board students who scored more than 90% in SSC this year, cut-offs for minority quota at junior colleges, too, are lower than in 2011. In other words, getting admission to a college of choice would be easier this year.At Jai Hind College, Churchgate, cut-off for Arts under the Sindhi minority quota fell from 64.8% to 60% and the Commerce cut-off from 75% to 70% in their first, offline merit list. The Science cut-off stood at 75%. At St Xavier's College, the cut-off for minority quota applicants in the Arts stream fell from 79.6% last year to 77.4% whereas the Science cut-off fell from 86.6% last year to 84.2% this year.However, cut-offs at a few other minority institutes remained at last year's levels. The rest of the minority institutes will announce their first offline merit list on Tuesday. Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College, Bandra, was unable to divulge the actual cut-offs for FYJC as their first list will be announced on Tuesday.\"First list cut-offs are always high since students apply to various colleges but end up confirming admissions at only one college. Cut-offs will surely dip by the second list,\" she said and added that online admissions and merit lists might follow a similar trend.At H R College, students under the minority quota who had scored above 80% were given 'walk-in' admissions and the first merit list was announced on Monday.\"Our cut-off this year is 78%, which is almost the same as in 2011. Since we had walk-in admissions till Saturday, most of the 85% and above scorers have already confirmed their seats with us,\" said Indu Shahani, principal of the college.Shahani added that almost a fourth of the candidates who confirmed their seats with the college have scored more than 90%.Cut-offs will surely dip by the second list. Online admissions and merit lists might follow a similar trendMarie Fernandes | Principal, St andrew's college", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251310", "title": "FIR filed against four for illegal sale of abortion-pills", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) filed an FIR against a drug wholesaler and three medical representatives for illegal sale of abortion drugs on Sunday. The suspects were found to have sold abortion pills worth over Rs 80,000, FDA officials said.\"During an inspection, our officials found that the wholesaler in Sadashiv Peth had sold abortion drugs - misoprost tablets, MT pills and MTP kits - worth over Rs 80,000 against fake receipts of doctors and to three unlicensed medical representatives. We have filed an FIR against all four with the Vishrambaugh police station,\" B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), Pune division, told TOI on Monday.\"All four suspects are absconding,\" said inspector Arjun Sakunde of the Vishrambaugh police station.Assistant commissioner (drugs) of FDA, Pune, P B Pore said, \"Over 15,000 abortion tablets were sold illegally by the wholesaler and the three medical representatives. Of these, 10,000 tablets were that of misoprost 200 microgram, 900 MTP kits - each kit containing four abortion tablets - and 1,648 MT pills.\"The sale records of all abortion drugs are being inspected across the state in the wake of the female foeticide cases that were recently unearthed in Beed and surrounding areas.\"The illegal sale of drugs that the FDA has found includes that of abortion-inducing drugs. These medicines promote uterine contractions to help expel the tissues that form the foetus in the first or second trimester of pregnancy. The tablet can abort a second trimester pregnancy. This also happens to be the period when the sex of the foetus can be easily diagnosed with a sonography test,\" a city doctor said.In a similar incident, a drug wholesaler in Pimpri was arrested on June 12 for illegal sale of abortion drugs following an FIR lodged against him by the FDA. The suspect had allegedly sold over 12,000 abortion pills against fake receipts in a span of one-and-a-half months.Statewide drive finds 391 sonography, abortion centres at faultThe state health department has sealed 196 sonography centres and derecognised 195 maternal termination of pregnancy (MTP) or abortion centres since the massive inspection and raid drive started across the state on June 5.\"So far, 391 sonography and abortion centres have been found at fault during the drive. We have sought explanations from them for committing various irregularities, such as not keeping records and not seeking mandatory licences to run the centres. Criminal cases will be filed against those who are found to have committed serious mistakes. The scrutiny and process of seeking compliance is currently underway,\" said Asaram Khade, assistant director of state health department.Among the 196 erring sonography centres, Nashik has the most at 24, followed by Aurangabad (18), Hingoli (10), Washim (8), Jalgaon (8), Ahmednagar (7), Ulhasnagar (6) and Buldhana (6).Four erring sonography centres were sealed in Pune city limits, while one was sealed in rural Pune.Among the 195 MTP centres found at fault, Nashik has highest number at 57 centres, followed by Thane (50), Brihanmumbai (18), Jalna (21) , Akola (9) and Yavatmal (8). One erring MTP centre was found in the Pimpri-Chinchwad township.This is the biggest crackdown in the state in such a short duration, since the Pre-conception Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act came into existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14254421", "title": "Rain wreaks havoc in district", "text": "MANGALORE: Three families on the banks of Gurupur River were shifted to safer place after their house was partially damaged due to sudden gush of water in the river following heavy rain in Maravoor on Monday.The sudden gush of water first damaged the retaining wall of a vented dam close by before bringing down the side wall of the house around 2 pm.The vented dam is constructed to provide water to nine villages.There is no protection wall for the dam and which resulted in water stored in the dam to rush out after the downpour. The families have been shifted to Marakada and Kavoor areas.Moodushedde-Padushedde village accountant Suresh told TOI that the vented dam work had been stopped because of monsoon. \"The retaining wall could not stand the sudden gush of water as it was adjacent to the river. Another 91 cents close to the house is also inundated. There are about 45 coconut trees which are in about five ft under water,'' he said.Contractor of the company which is manning the vented dam Suresh Shetty said that they would repair the house after the monsoon. \"We have paid Rs 50,000 as advance for the families for the rented accommodation,'' he said.Monsoon continues its good runHeavy Rain continued to lash the coastal districts with Karkala in Udupi district recording a maximum rainfall of 232.5 mm in the last 24 hours till 8.30 am on Monday. The rainfall was widespread and heavy in Udupi, Uttara Kannada, Dakshina Kannada, Kodagu and Chikmagalur districts.In the city Panambur recorded 71 mm of rainfall. There was high intensity rainfall in many areas of the district. Rainfall in various places of Dakshina Kannada district (in mm) is as follows: Moodbidri 135.50; Puttur 108.50; Uppinangady 82; Gurpur 97; Kadaba 84.50; Panaje 81.50; Kokkada 75.50; Bantwal 107.50; Bilinele 6; Padangadi 101.50; Naravi 0.50; Indabettu 146.50; Aithoor 74.50; Kanyana 88; Harihara Pallatadka 86; Kolnad 132; Ajjavara 69; Alletty 62; Savanuru 103.50; Belthangady 102.50; Mangalore A hobli 134; Mangalore B hobli 116; Sullia 65.50; Mulky 96.50; Panemangalore 91.50; Shishila 109; Kodambadi 96; Aladangadi 145; Songabeltu 138; Hosabettu 115.10; Tannirapantha 81; Koyla (GP) 107.50; Yenmuru 92.50; Dharmastala (GP) 77.50; Badagayedapadavu 113.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14264675", "title": "Devi Ahilyabai Vishwa Vidyalaya gets new VC", "text": "BHOPAL: Professor DP Singh has been appointed Vice Chancellor (VC) of Indore-based Devi Ahilyabai Vishwa Vidyalaya (DAVV) by Madhya Pradesh Governor Ram Naresh Yadav.The order appointing Singh as the VC was issued by the Government here on Monday.His tenure will be of four years from the date of joining, the order said.Singh is currently with Pandit Sunderlal Sharma Central Institute of Vocational Education, Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250174", "title": "Raisoni students feel 'previliged' writing for Buzz", "text": "NAGPUR: \"It was a great experience for us to workon School Buzz and with its team. It was a privilege to write for a banner like TOI and visit their office,\" said Sanyukta Shaw, student editor from GH Raisoni Vidyaniketan (State Board). The editorial team from GH Raisoni Vidyaniketan (State Board) that had been in-charge of the last two editions of School Buzz were in TOI office for the presentation ceremony on Monday in which they were given certificate of commendation and a tour of the office.\"The day on which our issue was published, my friends were like 'your photo is in the newspaper!'. It was fun,\" said Shreyas Deshpande, another student editor, recounting his experience. For parents, it was a moment of pride when their children received the certificates and their photos were published in the paper. \"It really makes us feel good that our children are getting the opportunities that we didn't get in our childhood. Their every achievement makes us happy,\" said Sushma Tiwari, mother of student editorial board member Rohit Tiwari.For Rohit, Schol Buzz was a lesson in team work. \"I learnt the nuances of working and taking decisions as a team. I also realized the difference in normal writing and writing for the newspaper,\" he said.\"It was a totally different atmosphere in the school when the editions on which these students had worked were published. There was excitement in the air and most of them had the newspaper in their hand,\" said Farah Khan, English teacher who facilitated the page. \"Yes, it was good to see these students with a newspaper. It is seldom that we see them with one,\" said Saba Ali, computer science teacher.Jaya Chandak, mother of Abhishek Chandak, another student editor said that her son had been checking the newspapers every Monday since the editorial board meeting in the school. \"It is such a good initiative. I hope this is taken forward and more dimensions are added to it,\" said Vandana Shaw, Sanyukta's mother.\"We didn't expect that such a felicitation ceremony in which the children would be able to interact with media professionals would follow publication of their page. It is a great opportunity for them,\" said Alka Deshpande, mother of Shreyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250064", "title": "'High BP during pregnancy still not understood'", "text": "NAGPUR: Although hypertension or high blood pressure affects 3-8% women during pregnancy, doctors are still clueless about preventing the disease as the cause is still not known. The only hope for such women is early diagnosis by a vigilant obstetrician and gynaecologist and treatment.Professor and head of the department at the Bharatiya Vidyapeeth at Pune Dr Savita Mehendale says the incidence of hypertension during pregnancy is increasing and unless detected early, it can lead to death of both the mother and the child during pregnancy or at the time of birth. Such women, besides other discomfort and complications, also suffer from convulsions.The blood pressure in even young women begins to rise from 20 weeks of pregnancy to 30-35 weeks. The signs are not very obvious and the doctor has to look for symptoms like swollen feet. The consequence of high blood pressure is so severe that the woman can suffer sudden blindness, kidney failure, and separation of placenta prematurely from baby. \"Blood gets deposited behind placenta. If it remains there for a long time it can cause coagulation failure and the patient may die. The child could also die due to short supply of oxygen during delivery. The growth of the baby is also retarded within the uterus,\" said Dr Mehendale.All the doctors can do is give such women anti-hypertension drugs and keep them under a close observation. The doctors also try to delay the delivery as much as possible. After delivery, the baby needs to be put in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for quite sometime. During delivery also, care is needed to avoid asphyxia or less supply of oxygen to the baby during birth. \"In pregnant women, blood vessels generally dilate (vasodilation) which actually lowers the blood pressure and the baby gets adequate blood supply. In hypertensive pregnancy, the blood vessels become constricted causing less blood supply to the foetus which may even lead to its death. Early detection and proper management are the only possible solutions at present,\" explained Dr Mehendale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252163", "title": "Robbers on bike shoot at brothers, snatch Rs 20L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed robbers on a bike shot at two brothers who were on their way to deposit Rs 26 lakh at a bank in northeast Delhi around 12.30pm on Monday. Pankaj Gupta (39) was hit twice while Dinesh (32) was hit four times. Both are reported to be critical.The attack was reported from the Yamuna Vihar area near Bhajanpura. Police said the robbers tailed the brothers before opening fire.\"Dinesh, who was hit in his left arm, stomach, waist and neck is more serious, Pankaj \u2014 shot in the waist and arm \u2014 is expected to be out of danger soon. Pankaj and Dinesh, along with their two other brothers, are distributors of two mobile services companies in northeast Delhi. They also own confectionery and stationery shops.Police said the brothers were going to a bank in Khajuri Khas on their bike. On reaching Wazirabad Road, they realized that they were being followed by three men. They also spotted some men outside the bank branch. Growing suspicious, the brothers immediately turned around to return to Yamuna Vihar. The robbers, however, followed and shot at them from behind near Mohan Hospital. As the brothers fell on the road bleeding, the robbers picked up their two bags. However, they dropped one of the bags containing Rs 6 lakh in their haste to flee.Locals admitted the brothers to Mohan Hospital and called the police. At least seven blank cartridges were found around the scene of crime and forensic experts are examining the evidence.\"It seems the victims were being watched regularly and followed from their house in east Delhi's Yamuna Vihar before being chased by the robbers. It's most likely that they were tipped off by an insider,\" said a police officer adding that they are questioning several employees of the brothers.Besides several teams from the northeast district police, the crime branch too has been roped in to investigate the case.After initial treatment at Mohan Hospital, the brothers were shifted to GTB Hospital before being finally admitted to Max Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250412", "title": "CM assures to look into pending dues of 750 mill workers", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured to look into the matter of unpaid dues of 775 workers of Nagpur Sutgirni (weaving mill), which stopped functioning in 1996. The assurance came at a special meeting in Mumbai at Sahyadri on Monday when the matter was put before him by city MLA Vikas Kumbhare. Minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak was also present.The mill on Umrer Road had 1,040 workers on its rolls when it closed down and went into litigation. Finally, a lockout was declared in March 2008. While 450 of the workers died, the 775 surviving workers are fighting a desperate battle to get their dues. Their dues till the date of lock-up amount to Rs 28 crore.Chavan has now instructed officials to check the possibility of paying the dues from proceeds raised by selling the mill's assets. He said the government would try to find a solution at the earliest.He also assured Kumbhare that the state would look into the demand for payment to 375 workers of state handloom corporation as per sixth pay commission. These workers had sought VRS in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250406", "title": "Plot-holders allege MLA backed dupers", "text": "NAGPUR: Allegations against local Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member of legislative assembly Krishna Khopde surfaced after a bunch of plot-holders of a cooperative society approached Kalamna police on Monday drawing attention towards a misdeed that will inflict irrevocable monetary losses on them.The complainants claimed that Khopde backed the persons who duped them. They urged the police to prove Khopde's involvement in the fraud.Speaking to TOI Khopde however distanced himself from the controversy. \"I merely tried to intervene for the benefit of the poor plot owners,\" said Khopde. He said that he will demand a high-level probe into the matter.The daylong speculation whether the incumbent MLA Khopde would be booked or not kept the situation on the tenterhooks. While the plot-holders pressed for an immediate action in terms of registration of offence, police decided to keep the matter under probe. Though the matter revolved around possession of the plots and its ownership, it was learnt that political rivalry between Khopde and another former MLA is not ruled out.It has come to fore that the so-called property owners were left stunned after learning that the plots, which they claimed to be theirs, had been earmarked by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation for state-of-the art fish market at Bharatwada.According to reliable sources, the four-hectare land was sold off by Govinda Gharpande and his family to Shree Thakkar Gram Gruh Nirman Sahakari Sanstha in early 80s. The cooperative society later prepared sale deed in favour of several other buyers. But, it was learnt that the same plots were sold off to another set of purchasers by-passing the former buyers. There was also an allegation of stamp duty evasion.Kalamna police station's senior inspector Sampat Chavan who is handling the case was to give a decision in the evening. But he suddenly went on leave, leaving many questions unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14265230", "title": "Solar power consumers growing globally", "text": "BANGALORE: On Tuesday, Applied Materials, Inc, the market leader in solar photovoltaic (PV) manufacturing equipment, released its fourth annual solar energy survey to measure consumers' understanding and awareness of this renewable energy source. The results are quite heartening. Going by industry data of the previous year, it was suggested that by 2020, 98 per cent of the world's population would have achieved either solar grid parity or cost-competitive solar energy power but the current data suggests that this milestone will be achieved by the end of 2012 itself.The survey was conducted among consumers in four countries - China, India, Japan and the United States - which recorded maximum potential for growth in the use of solar power. Many had a mixed understanding of the current cost and adoption rates of solar technology - perhaps the greatest challenge that the industry is faced with.Fifty-five percent of all respondents recognize this shift and believe solar energy is less expensive than traditional energy sources (coal etc) as on date. 68 per cent of respondents in India believed solar power to be less expensive. Of the 35 percent of global consumers who think solar power is more expensive, 39 percent think it will become equal or less expensive than conventional power sources within nine years.\"Solar panels now cost less than Rs 56 per watt, which means more than 100 countries have achieved grid parity,\" said Charlie Gay, president of Applied Materials' Solar division. \"We have witnessed an explosion in global solar PV installations in the past year due to the accelerated rate of cost reductions in the supply chain. This has resulted in significant decrease in end-market costs, and a continued focus on technology innovation will further drive down the total cost of solar electric power plants\", he said.Applied Materials conducts the annual survey each year as part of its commitment to help drive down the total cost per watt of solar technology and ultimately make solar power a more meaningful contributor to the global energy mix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14253002", "title": "Get CET tips at Gogte Institute", "text": "BELGAUM: Gogte Institute of Technology (GIT- Belgaum) will organize an awareness programme on the new procedure followed this year at CET counselling for engineering courses at 5pm on Wednesday, at Silver Jubilee Auditorium. Shobha Kulkarni, chief nodal officer, CET helpline center, Belgaum will address the students.As there has been great confusion among students about the new CET procedure, authentic information will be provided to students by resource persons involved in the new CET system. Besides, the issues like selecting the right institutes and courses, future options after engineering, university norms, COMED-K procedure etc., also will be addressed.Principal A S Deshpande, in a release called upon parents and students to attend and make the best use of this programme. Bus arrangement has been made from the college at the function venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "miami", "code": "14253815", "title": "NBA Finals: Oklahoma City Thunder lose plot, Game 3", "text": "MIAMI: Oklahoma City Thunder are finding new ways to lose a game. In Game 3 of the NBA Finals, at the American Airlines Arena, they had Miami Heat by the throat and then decided to play with their prey and lost 91-85. They now trail 2-1 in the seven-game series.It was an even contest until the first half with Thunder trailing by small margins. They, then, found the answers and as they picked their offence, Miami appeared to be falling by the wayside.As the limit in Miami was started to get exposed, they had to rely on LeBron James to provide the points. However, the Miami coach substituted James and Miami's 26-20 lead vanished into thin air.Thunder picked up their offence from there and in their third quarter virtually had the rivals by the throat, leading 65-56. Inexplicable, they went into a trough.Two unnecessary fouls on three-point attempts brought Shane Battier and James Jones to the line and they nailed those six free throws. Then, Kevin Durant , who committed his fourth foul, was substituted and Thunder's offensive struggles were back.By the end of the third quarter, Thunder were down 67-69 after Miami's 13-2 run.It soon widened to eight points before Thunder's original five stepped up to set the order right. But they failed to win back the momentum. OKC were drawn to the line, but their woeful shooting from free throws was in a way instrumental for their abysmal surrender.After their shooting horrors in Game 2 which they lost 100-96, their average from the field improved in Game 3. But just 62 per cent shooting from the line can be called as amateurish.OKC made a fight but unforced errors crept up at crunch time and Miami walked away to another victory.Scores: Miami Heat 91 (LeBron James 29 points,12 rebounds, 3 assists; Dwayne Wade 25-7-7; Chris Bosh10-11-0) beat Oklahoma City Thunder 85 (Kevin Durant 25-6-0; Russel Westbrook 19-5-4; Kendrick Perkins 10-0-0; James Harden 9-6-6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254274", "title": "Class I admission: Last year\u2019s official figure a blown-up version", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: While the official figure on students joining class I in state-syllabus schools show a decline in numbers, a reality check raises doubts about this head count.The difference between the number of kids who joined class I last year and this year is being cited to claim that the number of students joining state-syllabus schools is on the decline.But, interestingly, it has evolved that the official figure on the number of students who had joined class I last year had been blown up. The number of students in class II this year is only 3,10,081 -- 13,291 less than the number of students who had enrolled last year in class I.There is very little chance of so many students dropping out of school in the first year. The average dropout rate in primary school students in Kerala, according to the latest Economic Review, is only 0.38%.\"Last year's figure could have been blown up to prevent issues arising out of less number of students enrolling in class I. But the Right to Education Act, which is being implemented from this year, is strict on the count while taking care of all the issues that might arise in case the number of students falls,\" said director of public instructions A Shajahan.The number of children who joined class I this year, according to the count taken last Thursday, was 3,02,147. Compared to last year's figure of 3,23,372, this is 21,225 less.\"The teachers' package implemented as part of the RTE Act will see to it that from this year the numbers are not blown up, as teachers will no more lose their postings if lesser number of students enroll,\" said P Hari Govindan, state president, Kerala Primary and Secondary Teachers' Union.Also, the Unique Identity Number, which is being issued to students in state schools, will ensure that the head count is not fabricated from this year. \"We will actually get the exact figure. And when the pupil-teacher ratio is revised, more divisions will become imminent, and more teachers will be required,\" Shajahan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250092", "title": "The Indian Air Force looks to improve fabric for its uniform", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian Air Force (IAF), apart from acquiring next generation aircraft, is also looking for a change in the fabric worn by its personnel. It has already sought assistance from Indian Institutes of Technology and National Institute of Fashion Designing on the matter.This has been followed by the first ever conference on improving the quality of uniform donned by IAF officers as well as men, being held at the headquarters Maintenance Command in city on Monday and Tuesday. Although the colour and pattern of the dress will remain same, attempts are being made to improve the texture and also make the uniforms suitable to the varying weather conditions of the places where the IAF units are deployed.\"Even as IAF is deployed across the country, there is no region-specific dress. Currently personnel posted in deserts as well as cold areas like Ladakh wear the uniform made of the same fabric. The meeting will discuss various possibilities to bring a change in the apparel,\" said a senior official posted at Maintenance Command.However, the exercise will be limited to the uniforms worn during non-flying jobs which means the regular sky blue shirts and dark blue trousers, ceremonial uniforms as well as the olive-green combat fatigues worn once a week. Pilots' suits come under the Air Headquarters' purview as they are also a part of flight safety mechanism. Such dresses are designed to be fire resitant.The Maintenance Command also has the logistics department under it, which is responsible for the supply of general uniforms, said the source. The meeting will also dwell on the improving the procurement procedure of the uniforms mass production and timely availability. Under the current system, IAF procures uniforms from ordnance factories in Kanpur and Shahjahanpur in Uttar Pradesh as well as Avadi in Chennai.A press release issued by the IAF said that representatives of Army Ordnance Corps and Naval Logistics Branch were also present in the meeting to make suggestions. Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Maintenance Command Air Marshal Jagdish Chandra in his inaugural speech stressed on the use of new technology in dress designing and ensuring that there is no stock out situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252597", "title": "Digital files to help track fake gas victims", "text": "BHOPAL: Directorate of gas relief and rehabilitation (DGRR) plan to digitise about a million files in next two years will help track phony gas victims, who managed to get compensation. According to the plan, DGRR will float a tender to digitize case and non-case records of cases during the compensation cases of gas victims, which began in early 90s.Besides, it will also generate a one-of-its-kind database, which would be a big help in research work related to the world's worst industrial disaster. \"DGRR already filed FIRs in some 450 cases of forgery related to gas victims' compensation, in different stages of litigation,\" said DGRR registrar RK Dube.With digitisation and help of tracking software, the department would be able to detect duplications through finger print analysis. \"Possibilities are aplenty and we hope to catch those who forged documents and eventually compensate true victims,\" he added. \"If the person, who has committed the forgery is not alive, recovery would be from the next of kin. Unlike criminal liabilities, civil liabilities can be shifted,\" said Dube.According to gas activist Rachna Dhingra, potential of such a database collation is extraordinary. \"We welcome the move. Research and analysis is needed especially with regards to the categorisation of compensation,\" said Dhingra. \"Digitisation should been carried out long ago and would have cut red-tape and corruption,\" she added. A similar move was mooted and stopped earlier in 2004. \"Thousands of documents were destroyed on the pretext of digitisation until the intervention of the courts. Digitisation with due care of original documents cannot be ignored,\" said gas activist Abdul Jabbar. The digitisation apart, recovery of money is not easy years after compensation was made out. Earlier, the recovery was initiated through the district collector's officer, but now the DGRR has asked the deputy commissioner, who is entrusted with powers of the civil court, to initiate recovery.\"In some cases, phonies have returned the money and some amount of recovery has been completed through the collector office,\" said a DGRR official. However, the digitization comes with a rider. \"Once arranged, the data would be a resource for legal and other research scholars,\" said Dube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14255414", "title": "French diplomat rape case: No tests conducted at Bowring: SA Ramdas", "text": "BANGALORE: What are the city police doing in the rape case against French national Pascal Mazurier, who has been accused of sexually assaulting his nearly four-year-old daughter? Police have been claiming that they were awaiting the results of the tests conducted by the Bowring Hospital on the victim and the accused.But medical education minister SA Ramdas on Monday categorically asserted that the victim and the accused were never subjected to a medical test at the Bowring Hospital. Bowring Hospital in Shivajinagar comes under the jurisdiction of the Medical education department of Karnataka Government.When TOI spoke to Ramdas over phone on the delay in releasing the test reports by Bowring Hospital, the minister said: \"Police had brought the patient (the girl child) to Bowring Hospital only to register a medico-legal case. No tests were conducted at the Bowring Hospital. So there is no question of any reports to be given by the hospital. Tests were performed at the Bangalore Baptist Hospital and those reports stand. The authorities at Bowring Hospital don't know anything about the medical tests.\"However, police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji claimed later in the evening that tests had been conducted on the victim and the accused at Bowring Hospital.The girl was first taken to Collaborative Child Care Unit of the Baptist Hospital on Wednesday evening after her mother, Suja Jones Mazurier, suspected that she had been raped by her father earlier in the afternoon. A team of doctors at the Baptist Hospital after examining the child had confirmed physical abuse and forced sexual intercourse. At least 15 remarks related to the injuries on the child's private parts and physical abuse were made in the report signed by the experts at the Baptist Hospital.Following a complaint from Suja on Thursday, police registered a case against Mazurier under Section 376 of IPC (rape), but did not arrest him. Police later claimed that they had sent the accused and the victim to the Bowring Hospital for confirmation of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14254885", "title": "Notices to DSO, SFC managerin wheat procurement 'scam'", "text": "SASARAM: Close on the heels of paddy procurement scam, huge irregularities in wheat procurement in Rohtas district have also come to surface. Rohtas DM has served showcause notices on the district supply officer (DSO), Rohtas, and district manager of the State Food Corporation (SFC) in connection with the alleged irregularities in wheat procurement, while FIRs have been lodged against three wheat procurement in charges with the police station concerned for procuring wheat from non-existent farmers.All the BDOs and Civil SDO, Sasaram, have been directed to physically verify the farmers from whom huge quantity of wheat was procured during the ongoing procurement drive. Rohtas DM Anupam Kumar confirmed this. Sources said the alleged role of some supply department officials in the scam forced the DM to issue order for routing the procurement-related files through confidential section only. JD (U) MLA from Karakat, Rajeshwar Raj, while alleging that the major part of procurement was made on paper only, has demanded a high-level inquiry into the scam. Achieving nearly 50% of the wheat procurement target of one lakh tonnes within one-and-a-half month, that too by a single agency, SFC, has also raised eyebrows in the administrative circles.Sources said the administration was shocked when manipulation in lagan receipts was detected in all the primary agriculture credit societies (PACS) under Chenari block on the basis of which the middlemen were issued cheques for the procured wheat. The DM, on the report of Civil SDO, Sasaram, debarred the circle officer (CO), Chenari, from procurement work and also slapped a showcause notice on him. Rohtas DPRO Ravi Bhushan Sahay said that after inquiry report of senior deputy collector and district cooperative officer is received, FIRs would be lodged against the CO and middlemen. The DM had himself detected similar irregularities in wheat procurement at the SFC centre, Natawar block, last week and ordered for removal of procurement in charge, Suraj Kumar, besides lodging of an FIR against him immediatelySources said despite the state government's directive, neither the PACSs nor the SFC bother to mention the bank account numbers of the farmers concerned on cheques.Meanwhile, silence of the district administration over the recovery of about 50,000 tonnes of wheat in SFC bags from different rice mills of the district has become talk of the district as even after one month no action has been taken in this connection. The DPRO said an inquiry into it was going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251600", "title": "14 chain-snatching cases solved, 3 held", "text": "PUNE: The Airport police on Monday claimed to have solved 14 cases of chain-snatching following the arrest of three people, including a jeweller. Gold ornaments weighing 225 gm and two motorcycles, all worth Rs 4.85 lakh, were seized from the suspects.Mangesh Balu Tambekar (27) and Sagar Dnyandev Waghmare (23), are residents of Laxminagar in Yerawada while the jeweler, Somnath Jangam (30), is from Chaskaman in Khed taluka.Senior police inspector Prakash Shah said that Tambekar was arrested by constables G R Kshirsagar and S S Randive on May 31 while attempting to flee after a chain-snatching attempt in Vimannagar. \"During sustained interrogation Tambekar admitted to his involvement in more such crimes in the city. He also gave away the names of Waghmare and Jangam,\" Shah said.Tambekar and Waghmare had snatched chains in Yerawada, Bhosari, Vishrantwadi and Khadki areas since January this year. Besides, they were found to be involved in three cases of vehicle thefts. Total 225 gm gold was recovered from Jangam, who runs a jewellery shop in Chaskaman in Khed.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Mahesh Bolkotgi, constables Shailendra Sathe, Atul Sathe, Shantaram Shete and Mayur Suryavanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262679", "title": "Venkatesh\u2019s Shadow moves to Malaysia", "text": "Victory Venkatesh's upcoming film \"Shadow\" will begin its next schedule of shooting in Malaysia from the second week of July. The unit has to film scenes on Venkatesh and other cast in Mumbai but due to inclement weather and heavy rains lashing the city, the Mumbai schedule has been called off and the unit will now directly fly to Malaysia for the abroad schedule.The movie was already shot in the locales of Hyderabad, Switzerland, etc. and the unit will leave to Malaysia for filming a song and couple of action scenes. Directed by Meher Ramesh, \"Shadow\" is an action drama, which has Venky playing the role of a don while Srikanth wil be seen as a cop. While Tapsee shares screen space with Venkatesh, Srikanth is paired up with Madhurima. Thaman is giving the soundtrack. Paruchuri Kireeti is the producer of the movie under United Movies banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14253260", "title": "Man collapses in bus, dies", "text": "HUBLI: A person died while travelling in a bus near Unkal cross on Monday in Hubli. Vidya Nagar police said that the deceased is Rajashekhar Nasalvaikar, 35, of Keshwapur. He was coming from Dharwad to Hubli. When the bus came near Unkal cross, he vomited in the bus, suddenly collapses and died.The reason for his death is yet to be ascertained, police said. Police have booked a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14251501", "title": "Man robs old woman promising her treatment", "text": "VADODARA: An unidentified person cheated a senior citizen and took away her gold earrings, cash and mobile phone on Monday morning.He befriended the unsuspecting victim at SSG Hospital and then took her to another private hospital. Kashiben Parmar, 65, resident of Savli, was at SSG Hospital for treatment to injuries on her hand. When she was moving around in the hospital, the accused met her and started a conversation.He told her that he would help her. \"The accused then told the lady that she would have to visit a private hospital in Karelibaug for treatment. He helped her get an auto and even accompanied her to the hospital. He then told her that she would have to get X-ray done of her hands,\" said police.The accused then asked Parmar to remove her gold earrings worth Rs 12,000 and nose ring worth Rs 1,000 and hand them over to him. He also took her mobile phone and cash worth Rs 600. Soon after Parmar handed him her belongings he told her that he would call doctors and then disappeared.The cops are now analyzing CCTV footages of SSG to get images of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14251291", "title": "Presidential poll: BJP in a bind as Kalam pulls out of race", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's dilemma over fielding or backing a presidential candidate sharpened further on Monday with former president A P J Abdul Kalam declining to become the Opposition nominee against finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.Kalam formally announced on Monday that he would not be BJP's candidate, dashing the party's hopes along with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and others who had planned that his entry would make for a credible \"principled\" fight despite UPA's overwhelming advantage.NDA partners JD(U) and Shiv Sena continue to be reluctant about challenging Mukherjee and Kalam's refusal is likely to strengthen their resolve. In fact, even in the forenoon of Monday when speculation about Kalam contesting was rife, Bihar Chief Minister remained firm on supporting Mukherjee, disagreeing with BJP's perception that NDA should not support a Congress nominee at a time when the government's approval ratings are seen to be low.This also means that the BJP will be left with little option but to support former Speaker P A Sangma who has been sponsored by the chief ministers of Tamil Nadu and Odisha, Jayalalitha and Naveen Patnaik. Sangma does not enjoy the same ranking as Kalam and not all BJP leaders are keen about supporting him. The party's top leaders are deliberating their limited options at the time of going to press.In a written statement issued on Monday afternoon, Kalam said, he has \"never aspired to serve another term or shown interest in contesting the election\".Acknowledging that political parties and citizens had urged him to contest the election, he said, \"I want to thank them for the trust they have in me. I've considered the totality of the matter and the present political situation and decided not to contest the presidential election 2012.\"BJP leader L K Advani had on Monday appealed to the former president to enter the fray. BJP emissary Sudheendra Kulkarni also called on Kalam in an effort to persuade the former president, with many in the party hoping that the presence of the former president will mean a good opportunity to attack the UPA in concert with the civil society groups.Kalam had appeared to be flirt with the idea, but with the numbers stacked against the Opposition, Kalam was not keen to become a losing nominee.Although Kumar said he will go by the consensus in NDA, he is not in favour of a contest and his position has been reiterated by JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav in the alliance's meetings. JD(U)'s arguments have been boosted by Shiv Sena that also does not seem to see any merit in fighting a losing cause if Kalam is not the nominee.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"Former president Kalam is a very distinguished person. We have the highest respect for him. We hold him in high esteem. If in his wisdom, he has taken a decision, it must obviously be an appropriate decision.\"Supporting Mukherjee is fraught with problems for BJP as even though its leaders share good personal relations with the finance minister, the party feels it stands to lose politically if it is seen as voting for a Congress candidate at this juncture keeping in mind the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.With Banerjee sticking to her preference for Kalam, BJP got down to aggressively wooing him in an attempt to consolidate non-Congress parties. In Kalam, BJP sensed a chance to put up a credible fight, if not a successful one.With both SP and BSP backing Mukherjee, its pretty much game, set and match for the veteran Congressman.BJP needs to figure out if it's worthwhile to rally around Sangma. The party feels it could back Sangma as this gives it an opportunity to cosy up to Jayalalithaa and Patnaik, who are likely to be influential political forces in 2014. But if this were to come at the expense of NDA splitting wide open, the cost could be too high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251126", "title": "Arthur Road jail to get CCTV cameras", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of the murder of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in Pune's Yerawada jail, the government has sanctioned a proposal to instal CCTV cameras in Mumbai's Arthur Road jail.Currently, the only CCTV cameras in the jail are located in and around the high-security cell of Pakistani gunman Ajmal Amir Kasab; these are monitored by the superintendent. \"Last year, we sent a proposal to instal CCTV cameras. It has been sanctioned by the home department,\" said Surinder Kumar, inspector general, prisons (south region).Ironically, the CCTV cameras in Yerawada jail's anda cell were dysfunctional and no footage of Siddiqui's murder could be captured.Meanwhile, the authorities have identified the spots where CCTV cameras will be installed in Arthur Road jail. Over 50 cameras are expected to be put up at various spots.\"If CCTV cameras are installed, prisoners will refrain from fighting or troubling other inmates as they can be prosecuted with the help of the footage. Besides, there is staff shortage in the jail. The cameras will help the authorities monitor movements with minimum manpower. We hope to get them by early July,\" said a jail official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur/bikaner", "code": "14253809", "title": "One more held in Jodhpur high court shootout", "text": "JODHPUR/BIKANER: The Jodhpur police has been frantically looking for Kailash Jakhar, an accused in Bhanwari Devi's abduction and murder case.He fled from judicial custody in broad daylight on Thursday following a shootout in the court premises. The police had arrested six of his gang members who were allegedly involved in the shooting at high court premises to take another accused in the Bhanwari case, Bishna Ram Bishnoi.The Jodhpur police on Monday arrested one Pappu Bishnoi from Shergarh area. \"Pappu was amongst the planners of the shootout and coordinated with the executors,\" said Bhupendra Dak, police commissioner, Jodhpur on Monday. \"His arrest is a major breakthrough as we are confident of extracting some vital clues regarding other attackers and Jakhar's whereabouts\", he added.The joint police teams from commissionerate and rural police are frantically searching for Jakhar in Jodhpur and other surrounding districts.Three teams were constituted to nab one Pradeep Bhunwal in Bikaner who could provide shelter to Jakhar. Rakesh Saxena, SP, Bikaner said that all the informers of police network have been kept on alert for giving clue about Bhunwal. \"Two teams of Jodhpur police were already in Bikaner and conducting search operations in the rural areas to nab him as he was involved in the shootout. The primary investigations and clues from the arrested accused suggested that he (Bhunwal) is giving shelter to the fleeing Jakhar,\" said a senior police officer from Bikaner.Some of the police informers said that Bhunwal was seen in the area on Sunday, thus the police was trying to connect it with absconding Jakhar. \"We have raided at least a dozen villages in the area but there is no major breakthrough,\" said a senior officer with Jodhpur commissionerate who is camping in Bikaner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252443", "title": "Madhya Pradesh BJP chief says he will quit politics at 62", "text": "BHOPAL: In an announcement that may pique some of his party seniors but gladden the RSS, Madhya Pradesh BJP president Prabhat Jha has said he would quit politics once he attains the age of 62.\"Tired and aged people cannot make an organization energetic,'' said Jha (55), who is also the editor of the BJP mouthpiece Kamal Sandesh, at a public function of farmers' cooperative societies in Sanchi on Sunday. \"When the choice is between God and this dreadful world, I would choose God,\" he added.Jha's statement on retirement age in politics comes a fortnight after his controversial editorial in Kamal Sandesh on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi being \"in a hurry\". The editorial, written soon after the conclusion of the party's eventful national executive in Mumbai, not only targeted Modi but also referred to some party seniors as \"careerists\".Jha is an RSS man and known to be close to organisational functionary Sanjay Joshi, who was forced to quit as a national executive member just hours before the Mumbai conclave on May 25. In his editorial, Jha had said that the party is superior to individual leaders. His announcement that he would retire from politics at a time when BJP is undergoing a major leadership crisis and tumultuous power struggle at the national level with the age of certain leaders being made into an issue has not been lost on many.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14255942", "title": "Summer holiday extended in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Summer holidays in all primary and middle schools of the district have been extended till June 24 by district superintendent of education (DSE) following the order of Garhwa DC R P Sinha, keeping extreme heat in view. However, teachers of the primary and middle schools have been directed to remain present in their respective schools from 6.30am to 10.30am, said DSE Jai Govind Singh.Teachers have also been directed to continue execution of civil work and work related to midday meal such as procurement of food stuff and preparation of report. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14255996", "title": "Space lying unused in IT hubs, state plans more", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government may be bullish on IT parks, but experts have raised a cry over the need of so many IT hubs in the state. one after another all over the state, but does the city need so many IT hubs? Experts replied in the negative.The latest dream in the block is the IT Park at Behala, an announcement on which was recently made by the state IT minister Partha Chatterjee.It seems that the state government is turning a blind-eye towards the fact that there is still space left in the existing IT hubs to accommodate firms who are willing to invest.At present, total area of Sector V is 432 acres, of which about 175 acres are occupied by over 300 IT companies. The floor area ratio (FAR) has been increased keeping in mind the rising demand from IT companies to set up offices. However, Sector V still has about 150 small unutilized plots measuring between two and five cottahs. Many of these were leased to companies that never utilized them. The previous Left-rungovernment had formed a committee back in 2005, led by the then chief secretary Amit Kiran Deb, to identify and redistribute the unutilized plots, but that never happened. the plots remained undistributed.A few years back, state urban development department had planned to expand the core area of Sector V by including some added areas surrounding the IT hub to meet the demand for land. KMDA was asked to prepare a land use master plan for the area to enable authorities identify the added areas lying vacant and ways to utilize those by adding it within the jurisdiction of Sector V. Earlier in 2011, a position paper was also sought from the IT department to outline how much land was available in Sector V.Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) chief executive officer Badrinarayan Kar said the status of vacant land - availability and distribution - is looked after by the urban development department. Kar, however, said that since some new IT buildings were coming up, some built-up space was there in Sector V for IT firms to set up offices.Talking to TOI, the minister said the IT hub in Behala would require around two acres and Techno India has evinced interest to set up a unit in the IT hub.Satyam Roy Chowdhury, managing director, Techno India, said the company is already engaged in building an Industrial Training Institute (ITI) in Behala on a half acre area, for which they have already got the land sanction. Apart from this project, the company will also be instrumental in the proposed IT hub in Behala. \"We have got the intimation from the state government to build an IT hub in Behala. Land is yet to be demarcated and there is a chance that this factory will come up in a closed factory unit area,\" he said.But there seems to be some discrepancies regarding the plot of IT hub in Behala, because the state IT department, itself, has identified another one-acre plot near Behala Chowrasta for an IT hub. The state government took the initiative to spread IT industry beyond the city through IT hubs, so that it generates local job opportunities.In Rajarhat New Town, there are two SEZs - The DLF and the Unitech SEZ. According to Hidco sources, there are still some space left at the DLF SEZ to accommodate a few IT companies.The Bantala SEZ has a huge 120-acre space, but is poorly managed due to lack of basic civic infrastructure. Only one IT company is operating presently at Bantala. The Left Front government had planned to declare Bantala Leather Complex a notified area and constitute the Bantala Industrial Township Authority. But the plan remained confined within papers only. With lack of management, civic amenities were never developed in the area and this is one of the reasons why IT companies did not want to set up offices in Bantala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14251650", "title": "Man killed after son elopes with girl in Surendranagar", "text": "RAJKOT: A 55-year-old man had to pay with his life for his son's deed in Kharaghoda village of Surendranagar district on Monday.Deceased Chatur Thakore's son Ramsingh allegedly abducted Vasanti, daughter of Lakha Thakor, on Sunday night. Enraged by the incident, members of Vasanti's family called up Chatur to settle the problem. Chatur and his associates went to meet Lakha and his family members at a given time. However, as soon as they met, Lakha attacked Chatur with lethal weapons and injured him seriously.Chatur died on the spot, while the accused fled from the spot.Patdi taluka police station officials booked Virji Thakor, Lakha Thakor and Kama Thakor for the murder. Police said all the accused and victims are engaged in saltpan work in the Little Rann of Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14255743", "title": "Cops yet to achieve breakthrough in recent murder cases in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Police here have so failed to make any breakthrough with regard to two murder cases which took place in the last eight days. Apart from these two recent killings, there are many other murder cases which have either remained unsolved or the accused are yet to be nabbed.Though four days have passed, the Harla police do have any clue in the Bhuvneshwar Prasad killing case. Prasad, a resident of Sector-IX here, was shot by unidentified assailants in front of his house while he was returning home on his motorbike on June 15.Locals, including his family members, saw Prasad lying in a pool of blood when they came out of their houses on hearing the sound of firing. He was rushed to a hospital where doctors declared him dead.Although police investigation is on, the criminals involved in the killing are yet to be traced. \"We are investigating the case from all angles to identify the criminals but nothing concrete has emerged yet,\" said a police officer of Harla police station.On June 12, criminals shot dead Sheikh Mehmood, a contractor of Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL), in broad day light at Dughda area. Police are still clueless about the miscreants involved in this incident, too.On the other hand, while police claim to have solved the high profile murder of coal trader Bharat Mishra, the prime accused Jitender Mahto is yet to be nabbed. Police had recovered Mishra's body from a pit in Baidhkaro jungle under the Gandhinagar police station seven days after he went missing in April. A resident of Railway Colony, Dugdha, Mishra was allegedly killed by Mahto, who was his business rival. Police claim that along with Mahto, his brother Tulsi and three other associates were involved in the killing as they wanted to maintain their monopoly in supplying coal in Jaypee Cement factory. Mishra's body could be traced after police arrested Tulsi and Ishwar Mahto and got clues from them.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said investigations with regard to the murder of Bhuvneshwar and Mehmood were in progress and the cases would be solved soon. He also said police were conducting raids to nab Jitender in the Mishra murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253422", "title": "Poll-bound varsity rocked by students\u2019 protests", "text": "JAIPUR: Come August and it will be poll time for Rajasthan University. The students are warming up for the D-Day which take place some time around the second or third week of August.On Monday, student groups demanded extension of the last date of submitting of application forms and increase in the number of seats.The poor online admission process has boosted their campaign further. The National Students' Union of India (NSUI) and its arch rival Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) displayed their strength and staged several protests in the university and its six constituent colleges.Activists of both the groups gathered at the university main gate around 11 am and shouted slogans against the varsity V-C BL Sharma. The locked the main gate, which caused inconvenience to many students and teachers.Taking lead, around 50 NSUI activists marched towards the V-C secretariat demanding that the V-C accept the memorandum personally. When they received no response from the V-C office, they forcibly tried to enter the V-C secretariat. The police contingent, present on the campus, swung into action and dispersed the crowd.Minutes after police action, the NSUI activists said they were allowed to hold peaceful protest. Seeing NSUI taking the credit, ABVP activists rushed towards the V-C secretariat, which was occupied by NSUI activists. During the protest, some students tried to scale the university building but were stopped by the police.The situation took an ugly turn when NSUI activists warned ABVP activists to stay away from the protest site. It was followed by a heated argument between the two groups, in the midst of which the V-C called a delegation consisting of members from both the groups. He said the last date of submitting forms has been extended by three days, following which ABVP called off its dharna. \"Our demands have been met so we won't extend protest,\" said Sunil Khatik, ABVP leader.However, NSUI was dissatisfied as they had demanded an extension of seven days along with a 20% increase in the number of seats.Sources said this is just the beginning of protests as the elections are fast approaching and students' groups will not leave any opportunity to gain mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250027", "title": "Power tariff goes up 10%, another hike in offing", "text": "NAGPUR: There is bad news for the people of the state. The power rates have gone up by around 10% as Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has given in to MSEDCL's demand of raising the fuel surcharge to recover Rs 1,483 crore revenue deficit. The surcharge will be applicable for the next six months.There is more agony in the offing for consumers, as MSEDCL has filed a power tariff petition for 2012-13, seeking a hike of over 17%. Now, since recovery of Rs 1,483 crore has already been allowed, the effective tariff hike sought will come down to around 14%.For residential consumers the tariff will go up between 22 and 68 paise per unit while for commercial consumers it will be between 39 and 76 paise per unit. In industrial sector, the hike will be up to 49 paise per unit whereas for agriculture consumers it would be between 10 to 21 paise per unit, MSEDCL sources said.If your monthly domestic consumption is 100 units, then your bill will increase by around Rs 25 after considering electricity duty. If the consumption is 200 units, the hike will be around Rs 70 as the surcharge for the slab 101-300 units is higher than the 0-100 units slab. For those consuming around 500 units per month the hike due to this surcharge will be over Rs 250.The impact of this surcharge on industries will be devastating. The state already has one of the highest power tariffs in the country. With this surcharge and another power tariff hike in the offing, many industries will be forced to shut shop or shift to states like Chhattisgarh where industrial tariff is almost 50% of Maharashtra. Many steel and ferroalloys industries have already shifted to Chhattisgarh.MSEDCL had demanded the hike in surcharge due to increase in prices of coal, oil and gas used in power generation over the last couple of years.As per MERC norms, the power suppliers can collect fuel surcharge up to 10% over and above the tariff, but require MERC's permission beyond this. This MERC rule is mainly to avoid sudden tariff burden on consumers due to fuel price hikes.However, as MSEDCL's deficit due to the 10% cap was increasing by the day and had reached Rs 1,483 crore it filed a petition seeking a special surcharge to recover the amount. It said that its dues to Mahagenco had increased to around Rs 3,500 crore, which had put the existence of the generating company had stake.MSEDCL officials blamed MERC for the steep hike in tariff, claiming that the 10% cap caused the under recovery to accumulate to alarming levels. \"Had the Commission removed the cap, the tariff would have gone up by 10 paise per unit some months ago. This would have prevented a tariff shock for consumers. The very philosophy behind 10% cap - to prevent a tariff shock - has now been defeated.\"MERC had issued the order on Friday asking MSEDCL to recover Rs 247 crore every month in proportion to the existing slab wise power tariff. The company finalized the calculations on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14249716", "title": "New dispensers to save diesel", "text": "MUMBAI: The MSRTC has planned to instal 248 hi-tech automated diesel dispensers at all its depots. The dispensers will help the transport body save fuel worth Rs 200 crore annually that is lost due to leaks and spills during fuelling. This will be perhaps the first time that a transport body will take such a big initiative to conserve fuel.MSRTC MD Deepak Kapoor said, \"Automated diesel dispensing units and flow meters will ensure zero wastage and prevent pilferage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14256072", "title": "DMK man held again for land-grab", "text": "MADURAI: DMK urban district secretary G Thalapathy's woes do not seem to end. He has again been booked on land grabbing charges, and has been arrested in this regard. He was arrested on charges of encroaching upon 3.83 acres worth Rs 20 crore allotted for common purposes such as a playground and a park for Meenakshi Mill employees.Balaraman, assistant secretary of the Sri Meenakshi Mills Former Employees Welfare Association, filed a complaint with the anti-land grabbing wing of the district police stating that Meenakshi Mills had created a township on 23 acres with housing plots for its permanent employees as well as vacant land in the township for common uses such as playgrounds, parks and schools. However, Thalapathy and his accomplices from the previous mill management forged the land documents and encroached upon the vacant lands meant for the mill workers and has sold them as housing plots for huge profits. Besides, using the forged documents and violating norms, he acquired 34 cents, a portion of it in his wife's name, and has started constructing a marriage hall in that place. The complainant alleged that the vacant land was actually set aside for a park for labourers. Based on the complaint, district police investigated the case and found that Thalapathy and his accomplices have indeed violated norms and grabbed land meant for workers. Hence, Thalapathy was arrested. Along with him, Malaiarasan, Venkatesan, MPR Ravichandran and another DMK functionary Krishnapandi were also arrested.Thalapathy along with Malaiarasan, Venkatesan and Ravichandran was earlier arrested by the district police for grabbing vacant land belonging to one Murugesan from Pasumalai and threatening him with dire consequences if he did not part with the land. They were released after a few days on conditional bail and were signing at the district court every day as per bail conditions. They were picked by the police on Monday after they signed in the court. After hours of interrogation, they were arrested by the police. Thalapathy was arrested last year on similar charges of grabbing five acres worth Rs 5 crore that belonged to Sivanandi and Pappa of Thirumangalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264481", "title": "IIMB launches new programme in Advanced Financial Risk Management", "text": "In the highly complex global financial environment, the need for specialists in financial markets is on the rise. To address this growing demand, the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) has announced a new eight-month certificate programme in Advanced Financial Risk Management for working executives starting October 2012.The programme is directed towards financial operators engaged in risk management, such as traders, dealers, asset and fund managers, portfolio managers, financial analysts and managers performing control functions. Students can choose between on-campus and the distance-learning mode. Classes will be held on Saturdays.Graduates from any stream with a minimum work experience of five years in banking, financial intermediaries, software and other service firms engaged in banking and banking-related industries are eligible for this course. The last date for application to the programme is August 21, 2012.M S Narasimhan, professor - finance and control area, IIMB, says, \"The concepts and methodologies for measuring and managing risk that are covered in the Advanced Financial Risk Management Programme provides a good grounding in both basic and advanced financial risk management principles and practices that would help financial institutions and firms to mitigate risk in these complex and volatile times.\"For details, visit http://www.iimb.ernet.in/executive-education/open-programmes-long-duration-programmes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250076", "title": "Congress infighting fresh hurdle in appointment of 5 nominated corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: One or the other hurdles continue to keep the five seats of nominated corporators vacant in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for the last three months. A fresh controversy surfaced on Monday following infighting within the Congress over selection of two persons for two seats of nominated corporators in its share.At around 12 noon, leader of opposition and group leader of Congress Vikas Thakre submitted the list of two persons-Vijay Barse and Tanveer Ahmed. The name of Barse came as a surprise to all as he was replaced with advocate Vinod Tiwari. Sources told TOI that AICC general secretary and MP Vilas Muttemwar wanted Barse and Ahmed to be nominated corporators as they come from minority communities and may benefit the party. Barse comes from the Christian community and Ahmed hails from the Muslim community.At around 1.30pm, the mayor's office reportedly received a fax from the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC). The letter undersigned by general secretary advocate Ganesh Patil, mentioned that the party selected Tanveer Ahmed and Dr Suchit Bagde for two seats of nominated corporators. Interestingly, the letter was addressed to mayor, municipal commissioner and Thakre, whereas the norms say that the names are to be submitted by the group leader, ie. Thakre.At around 5pm, Trisharan Sahare and corporator Sandeep Sahare, who are said to be close aides of state minister Nitin Raut, arrived at the NMC along with Bagde, lodging a complaint with municipal commissioner. In the complaint, Bagde said that MPCC president Manikrao Thakre selected him for the seat and so Barse's name should not be considered.Sources told TOI that Raut was not happy with the selection of Barse as he was demanding a seat for nominating one of his close aide from North Nagpur.Meanwhile, member of Nagpur-Wardha districts unorganized workers board and also Congress leader Rajesh Makde came to the NMC and lodged a complaint with the municipal commissioner demanding cancellation of applications submitted by all five persons including three from the BJP. Citing the bylaws, Makde alleged that none of the five persons- Prakash Totwani, Sanjay Bhonde, Mahendra Raut, Barse and Ahmed are qualified. \"Audit of organizations concerned with the five persons should be done before appointing them as nominated corporators. I may go the legal way if nobody paid heed to my complaint,\" he said.Make is said to be a close aide of former corporator Raman Paigwar who was also in the fray.Meanwhile, the names of few other Congress leaders including senior leader and former corporator Kishor Jichkar, were doing the rounds.A senior NMC official said that the list submitted by Thakre was accepted according to the bylaws as he was group leader of Congress. Sources said that appointment of all five seats may go into doldrums if the state government intervenes following infighting within the Congress.Thakre told TOI that only two applications came to him for the nominated corporators in eight days. \"Fax from MPCC was received after submission of the list with the municipal commissioner that too one and a half hours later. Two names proposed are in the interest of the party,\" he said.The tale of controversies with the nominated corporators is also too long. The government framed new rules for nominated corporators enacting Maharashtra Municipal Corporations (Qualifications and Appointment of Nominated Councillors) Rules-2012 on February 28 and directed all civic bodies to appoint nominated corporators on the same day when the election for mayor is held.On March 5, while the election for mayor was held, nominated corporators were not appointed, citing the reason of delay in receiving the government notification. This was reportedly done as neither the BJP nor the Congress could come up with the names for nominated corporators. There were many in the fray. Later, the controversy developed due to tie between Congress and BSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14253781", "title": "Dreaded gangster arrested near railway crossing", "text": "VARANASI: The special operation group and Cantonment police succeeded in nabbing dreaded gangster Haider Ali near Phulwari railway crossing on Monday.SSP B D Paulson said that three sharp shooters were arrested after the killing of bank employee Mahesh Jaiswal in Orderly Bazaar on April 23. During interrogation, the arrested shooters said that their gang leader Haider had given them the task to kill Guddu Jaiswal but due to confusion they killed Mahesh. IG Brij Bhushan had announced a cash reward on Haider.Paulson said that acting on a tip off, the joint team of SOG and Cantonment police raided Phulwaria area and arrested Haider near the railway crossing. He confessed his involvement in Mahesh murder case. Apart from this case, as many as 24 other cases of murder, loot and other crimes were lodged against him. He had also been booked under the Gangster Act four times in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251088", "title": "'Hawksbill' at Mandrem delights turtle lovers", "text": "PANAJI: A critically endangered Hawksbill sea turtle was rescued from the fishing nets of traditional fishermen at Mandrem beach on Monday morning, leaving wildlifers pleasantly shocked and baffled by its presence on Goan shores.A local wildlife enthusiast created a stir after he informed the forest department about the finding of the 12-inch juvenile Hawksbill.\"In fact, another juvenile of Olive Ridley turtle was also found around the same time at Mandrem, but in separate nets by fishermen here,\" he said.Olive Ridley turtles regularly arrive every season (October-April) at Morjim, Agonda and Galgibaga for nesting, though the visits may vary from year to year.\"This is perhaps the first time we have recorded a Hawskbill sea turtle's presence on Goan shores,\"Amar Heblekar, range forest officer, wildlife, Campal, said.Hawksbill is included in the list of critically endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) as by the IUCN parameter it is facing an extremely high risk of extinction in the immediate future.They are driven to extinction due to widespread trade for their colourful shells, which are turned into jewellery and hair ornaments.At first, a few wildlifers were confused, as green turtles are sporadically seen on Goan beaches. \"We thought it was a green turtle,\" a source said.\"A Hawksbill turtle can be distinguished by the overlapping scutes or scales as well as the beak-shaped mouth,\" said Kartik Shanker, associate professor, centre for ecological sciences, Indian institute of science, Bangalore.Agreed Nitin Sawant, director, wildlife fund for nature (WWF) Goa. \"The carapace of the Hawksbill is bony without ridges and overlapping scutes,\" he said. The turtle derives its name from its hawk-like beak and narrow head.A fully grown adult measures 2.5-3 ft as per their carapace length and weighs between 46 and 70 kilo.Their populations are recorded only in Andaman, Orissa and areas in Maharashtra and Karnataka.Both juveniles had superficial injuries and they were taken to the International Animal Rescue, Assagao, for treatment. \"They will be released once they are fit and sea conditions improve,\" Heblekar said.But turtle lovers want the forest department and other institutions to study the issue of turtles being trapped in fishing nets.\"Research is important in this regard as there are no records of it so far,\" Sujeet Dongre, programme coordinator, centre for environment education (CEE) said.Agreed Sawant, \"The presence shows Goan beaches are potential sites for turtle nesting and should be protected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250533", "title": "An indefinite fast to save tigers", "text": "NAGPUR: What veteran Gandhian Sundarlal Bahuguna achieved with the 'Chipko' movement in the forests of the Himalayas in the 70s and more recently Anna Hazare with his hunger strikes against corruption, an unheralded wildlife lover from Chandrapur is trying to replicate to save tigers in Maharashtra.Bahuguna's 'Chipko Andolan' was a movement that practised the Gandhian methods of satyagraha and non-violent resistance by hugging trees to protect them. Hazare had the nation's attention on corruption in high offices with his hunger strikes and 'maun vrats'.Bandu Dhotre, founder president of Eco-Pro, an ecology protection NGO from Chandrapur, is planning to sit on an indefinite fast from July 2 in front of Van Bhavan, the state's forest headquarters here.Though this may perhaps be the first time someone is attempting such a thing for the protection of wildlife, fasting for a cause in not new to Dhotre. The 32-year-old wildlife activist hogged limelight after his fast unto death three years ago against allotment of coal blocks to power major Adani in Lohara in the buffer area of the Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) buffer.Perturbed by the recent spurt in poaching, he wanted to do something to save wildcats. Dhotre, who works closely with the forest department, feels the series of measures announced by the government to save tigers are just cosmetic. \"The government is beating about the bush and is treating the symptoms instead of the cause. The remedy is to treat the area around the reserve at par with the core area,\" he says.Dhotre, who has the support of the Nagpur Environment Protection Group (NEPG) and other NGOs, adds that the forest department's focus is on Tadoba when the \"problems lie outside\". \"Tadoba tigers get VIP treatment while those outside live 'below poverty line,\" he says.Poaching is one issue but widening of roads, man-animal conflict, illicit bamboo felling, encroachments, open wells, mines and power projects further pose serious threat to tigers outside Tadoba.Dhotre, who has created a team of over 100 volunteers in Chandrapur some of who are former poachers themselves, feels Chandrapur district is one of the best tiger abodes in India. To protect tigers, he says the rich forest areas under the Forest Development Corporation of India (FDCM) should be handed over to the forest wildlife department.\"The FDCM is into felling of timber and wildlife management practices are zero and that's causing problems,\" he said on Monday. The government should merge forest areas with FDCM and those with Chandrapur division to make it a large wildlife area.The wildlife lover feels transfers and postings are small steps. What is needed is creation of new posts and reorganization of beats by keeping it to 500-700 hectares under one guard instead of 1200-1800 at present.Dhotre's demands may be genuine but his counterparts in Chandrapur are wary of the stir. \"We agree to his demands but his 'ekla chalo re' policy is unacceptable. His demands have been raised by us earlier,\" says Suresh Chopne, president of Green Planet, Chandrapur. Chopne heads a federation of 8-9 NGOs in Chandrapur.However, this doesn't dilute the efforts of Dhotre who would be one among the hundreds of NGOs sitting on hunger strike for the sake of tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14261658", "title": "Andhra cash-for-bail scam: Suspended judge questioned", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau officials today questioned suspended CBI judge D Pattabhirama Rao, accused of taking bribe to grant bail to former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy in the Obulapuram Mining Company case.A team of ACB officials reached Rao's house here on Tuesday morning and took him to their office, where his interrogation is underway.ACB director general B Prasada Rao told PTI, \"He (Pattabhirama Rao) is being questioned by ACB officials.\"The ACB has already arrested retired judge P V Chalapathi Rao and Pattabhirama Rao's son T Ravi Chandra in the cash-for-bail-scandal.Amid allegations of illegal gratification and corruption against Pattabhirama Rao, the Andhra Pradesh high court suspended him on May 31 while transferring the case to ACB which registered a case against Pattabhirama and seven others including Chalapathi Rao and Janardhan Reddy's elder brother and Bellary city MLA Gali Somashekhar Reddy.On a tip off that a deal was allegedly struck between Janardhan Reddy, the judge and others, the CBI had recovered cash of nearly Rs 1.60 crore from five lockers here, the keys of which were allegedly in possession of Pattabhirama's son Ravi Chandra.CBI had also seized Rs 1.14 crore from the possession of T Balaji Rao, brother of Chalapathi Rao.The CBI had earlier told ACB that Gali Janardhan Reddy's elder brother and Bellary city MLA Gali Somashekhar Reddy, G Dasaratha Ram Reddy, Suresh Babu, an advocate T Aditya and Chalapathi Rao and Pattabhirama Rao and others had allegedly entered into a conspiracy for showing official favour and granting bail to Janardhan Reddy and committed criminal conduct.The CBI had handed over documents pertaining to the matter to ACB including mobile and land phone numbers allegedly used during finalisation of the alleged deal and duration of conversations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251818", "title": "MNS chief Raj Thackeray bats for tourism in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Monday said though the state has several attractive places, historical forts and temples, very little has been done to develop these places as tourism spots. Thackeray pointed out that in states like Rajasthan forts, castles and havelis are developed well and thus, are attracting tourists in large numbers.He was addressing a gathering after releasing a Marathi travelogue, 'Don Druvanvar Don Pawle,' written by realtor Suhas Mantri.Thackeray said, \"Many countries have developed tourism as their prime business. The population depends on tourism and allied activities for their daily earnings.Sometimes these countries do not possess anything extraordinary, yet they showcase it in such a way that tourists across the world visit these places. Maharashtra needs to take a leaf out of their book.\"Speaking on the occasion, Mantri said, \"My visit to Arctic and Antarctica acted as motivation to pen a Marathi travelogue.\"Currently published in Marathi, the travelogue will also be translated and published in other languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251876", "title": "Mount Everest team to give mountaineering equipment on rent", "text": "PUNE: The city team that scaled the Mount Everest last month is planning to give their mountaineering equipment on rent.Umesh Zirpe, leader of Giripremi's eight-member Everest expedition team, said at a press conference; \"High altitude equipment constitutes a major portion of the expenditure. It's not possible for every mountaineering group to purchase them since they are expensive. We would provide theequipment to such groups at low rents.\"Zirpe said details pertaining to rent and location of the store are being chalked out. About 28 types of equipment will be made available. These include feather jackets, sleeping bags, climbing shoes, wind proof jackets, down suit, air mattresses, feather mittens, rucksacks, ice axes, harnesses, carabiners, helmets, snow goggles, oxygen mask, jumars, etc. The group spent Rs 45 lakh to purchase the equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252777", "title": "Monsoon may hit Madhya Pradesh in 48 hours", "text": "BHOPAL: The much-awaited monsoon is expected to hit the state in next 48 hours, says the meteorological department on Monday.Heavy pre-monsoon showers that lashed the city on Monday night, gave the much-needed respite from the hot and humid weather conditions. It began to drizzle from the late afternoon, followed by a spell of heavy showers in the night, plunging some areas of the city into darkness.Earlier, during the day till around 3 pm, it was quite hot and humid. Director, meteorological department, Bhopal circle, D P Dube, said, \"The pre-monsoon activity has intensified in the state. In next two days, the monsoon is expected to hit the state.\"\"The monsoon has been delayed by a week till now,\" he addedSaying that the monsoon was on course, the met officials also predicted temperature would dip further in Bhopal in next 24 hours.On Monday, Athner in Betul district received maximum rainfall -- 20 mm. Multai in the same district received 8 mm of rainfall.Some regions in north Madhya Pradesh and Bundelkhand have still been reeling under heat wave conditions. The bordering districts of Sidhi, Rewa and Datia remained hottest places in the state. The three places recorded the maximum temperature of 43 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded the maximum temperature of 32.7 degrees (-4) and a minimum of 25.6 degrees Celsius (+1).In Indore, some rainfall was recorded in the last 24 hours (0.1 mm). The maximum and minimum temperatures were 34.3 (-2) and 25.6 (2) degrees Celsius respectively.The maximum temperature in Gwalior and Jabalpur was 38.4 (-3) and 33.3 (-5) degrees. The minimum temperature in two places was recorded at 31.4 (2) and 22.9 (-3) degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254455", "title": "SFI agitation turns violent again, leaves 15 injured", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Five days after they wreaked havoc in the capital, SFI activists on Monday once again unleashed mayhem on MG Road, holding the city to ransom for three hours. The activists started off their agitation with a secretariat march and a road blockade in protest against the laxity on the part of the police in solving the case related to the murder of SFI leader Aneesh Rajan. It eventually turned violent, resulting in a clash between students and the police.On Thursday, another SFI march had ended in a similar way after they tried to disrupt a programme, which was to be inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy, raising the same demand. The SFI has embarked on a relentless agitation spree ever since the legislative assembly began on June 11, seeking the arrest of the real culprits in the Aneesh Rajan case.Once again on Monday, the University College campus became a fortress from where the SFI activists hurled stones and glass bottles at the police. As many as nine SFI activists and six police officers were injured in the clash.The SFI leadership had earlier announced that they would take out a march to the legislative assembly. But later, they changed the decision and took out a march to the secretariat instead.As the march, which started from the University College, reached Spencer's Junction, the police stopped the students, following which they staged a sit-in and blocked the traffic.When the road blockade continued for over 30 minutes, the police asked them to clear the area. But the agitators demanded that the police either arrest and remove them or allow them to proceed towards the secretariat. When the police dismissed their demand, the students barged into the human barrier formed by the police personnel, following which the latter resorted to lathicharge. The students retreated to the University College campus and continued pelting stones and glass bottles. Then the police busted teargas shells and stun grenades to disperse the students. The situation was later brought under control after CPM MLAs T V Rajesh, Suresh Kurup, James Mathew and R Rajesh arrived on the scene and called truce.Four SFI activists, V Kiran Kumar, Sanu Sekharan, S Sreejith and M Akshay were arrested and later released on bail. Another SFI activist, Niyas (23), has been admitted to the Medical College Hospital with serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14253253", "title": "Confiscated property converted into sub post office", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Kandhamal administration on Monday converted another confiscated house of retired excise superintendent Jalandhara Pradhan into the sub post office and anganwadi centre at Keradi near Phulbani. Inaugurating it, district collector Rajesh Prabhakar Patil said the administration was planning to open a training centre for the women self-help groups in another portion of the house that sprawls over 5,000 sq ft.Pradhan's another two-storied house at Amalapada near Phulbani was also converted into the working women's hostel and anganwadi centre on Thursday.The anti-corruption wing had confiscated his two houses, 14 agriculture plots located at Keradi following the order of the court on January 31 2012, said vigilance SP (Berhampur) J N Hansdah. Jalandhara was the former excise superintendent of Cuttack. The collector said the agriculture plots will also be utilized for the public purpose, adding that the decision on the usage is yet to be taken.A case was lodged against Jalandhara for allegedly amassing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income by the state vigilance on April 20, 1989. The vigilance sleuths came across disproportionate assets worth around Rs 8.21 lakh. Though the case was still pending, the vigilance court had ordered attachment of his properties, the SP (vigilance) said.\"If the charges against him are found to be true, the government will take over the properties. If the charges are not proved, we will return the properties with interest\" said a senior vigilance officer.Earlier, the government had converted the confiscated houses of two IAS officers near Berhampur and in Bhubaneswar for public utility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260821", "title": "Salman, Shah Rukh together on screen?", "text": "When Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan were roped in by Yash Raj Films for Ek Tha Tiger and the yet-untitled co-starring Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , respectively, little did the warring Khans imagine that one day, they would rub shoulders on the silver screen and how!A source close to YRF told us, \" Ek Tha Tiger will release during Eid and it is a strategic move on the part of YRF to attach the promos of Yash Chopra's SRK-starrer to the film. Similarly, when Ishaqzaade released, the promos of Ek Tha Tiger were ferried with it.\"While it is learnt Ek Tha Tiger may release on August 13, which is a Monday, we can only wait and see how the Khans will react to this mix and match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14251484", "title": "Branding Vadodara as BigLilCity", "text": "VADODARA: Branding products and services is a known affair, but a motley group of youths in the city has taken up the onus of creating Brand Vadodara. The group has produced a short documentary film on the city and made people in the country and even abroad talk about it.BigLilCity could well be what the city may be known in the future if the effort started on Monday gains momentum. The hashtag BilLilCity has already started trending prominently on a microblogging site following the launch of a documentary 'Vadodara - The Big City in a Small Package'.The documentary makes people from the Far East to the west talk about Vadodara and the city's positives. The documentary is the brainchild of city-based adman Harsh Purohit.Purohit said the only caveat for those joining the effort is that they should talk positive about the city. \"In today's globalized, networked world, every city has to compete for investment, development, talent, fame, respect and attention. A simple brand narrative of the city can have a major impact on people's decisions to visit it, buy its products or services, to do business there or even relocate there,\" he said adding that the city needed a branding much like The Big Apple for New York and similar tags for other cities.The documentary produced by Purohit's team has been sponsored by L&T; Ltd. It is proposed to be promoted through the social and digital media extensively. Board member and president (power) of L&T; Power Ravi Uppal said the city had everything going for it. \"It has all the makings that could make it emerge as a Bengaluru-like critical mass,\" Uppal added.The film has already been picked up by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC). At the 'Chintan Shibir', the officials were given a sneak peek of the film. \"Vadodara has its own identity and stands out. It needs to be looked at differently and not like other cities,\" said VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar. Even district collector Vinod Rao participated in the discussions on Monday. It should not be a surprise if the documentary is picked up by the officials to promote Vadodara at various forums.For quite some time till 7 pm on Monday, the hashtag BigLilCity was trending at the fourth position among the topics trending in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14257222", "title": "Good old weather back", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's signature cool weather with breeze and light rain made a comeback on Monday. Gusty strong winds blowing at 40km/hr, dark clouds and the Sun playing hide-and-sneek kept the maximum temperature at 25.6 degree Celsius and minimum at 20.\"It's perfect weather to step out and have hot bhutta (sweet corn ) with a dash of butter !Ididjustthat. I hope the weather stays like this and we get more rain in the coming days,\" said Divya Jain, a homemaker.For Adarsh Patil and wife Niyati it was a coffee date. \"We finished work early and decided to have a cup of coffee. From here, we'll go for a walk to Cubbon Park and then head home. The day is perfect for an outing,\" said the couple, who was at a coffee shop on Church Street.B Puttanna, director, in-charge, Met department, said strong winds blowing from the surface are driving away the rain clouds. \"We are expecting high pressure to build on Bay of Bengal and if the winds subside in the next couple of days, then Bangalore will receive good rain ,\" said Puttanna.Heavy rain in north-interior Karnataka has met the season'squota as of now . \"Monsoon has progressed well in Karnataka except some south-interior areas. Overall, the state has received normal to good monsoon,\" said Puttanna.The weatherman has predicted light rain, strong winds and thundershowers in the city. \"Maximum temperature is likely to remain at 28 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14254669", "title": "Federation opposes expansion of backward classes' list", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of Backward Castes of Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts have opposed the inclusion of influential and affluent communities in the castes listed as backward classes 2A in Karnataka. \"The move to include Marati's, Panchamashaali Lingayats and Kunchatigas in the list is a bid to appease the forward communities,\" said M Jayanand Devadiga, general secretary of the federation.At present there are 356 backward castes and sub-castes named in the backward classes 2A list.\"They are already enjoying a reservation of 15%. In the backward classes 3A list, there are 18 castes including the Vokkaligas, Kunchatigas, 13 Balija community and other sub-castes. They enjoy a 4% reservation. The backward classes 3B list has 24 castes, sub-castes including Veerashaiva Lingayats and there is a 5% reservation for them,\" Devadiga told reporters here on Monday.According to him people belonging to backward classes 3A and 3B hail from influential communities in the state and the course of the state politics is decided largely by them. \"By holding community meets involving seers of their respective communities and inviting politicians, these forward communities have succeeded in eliciting assurances from authorities about the inclusion of their communities in the backward classes 2A list,\" he noted.\"This will lead to a situation where the genuinely backward communities most of whom are in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi will suffer further. Successive governments have been consistently undermining the authority of the State Commission on Backward Classes by unilaterally including castes in the backward classes list according to their whims and fancies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14255626", "title": "Online content censorship up 49%: Google", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of its 'transparency report', Google on Monday said that it had received 101 content removal requests from Indian authorities between July and December last year, asking it to delete 255 items from its websites. Of these, just five requests were made by courts.Google, which runs services like YouTube and Blogger apart from the widely used search engine, said the number marked an increase of 49% in such requests compared with January-June 2011 period. In terms of requests made by the government bodies excluding courts, India topped the list as it sent 96 requests to Google to remove content. However, in terms of number of items that governments wanted to remove, Brazil, US, UK, Germany and Spain were ahead of India.According to the Google data, the company was asked to remove 130 items, including 77 videos on Youtube, because they were deemed defamatory. Another 25 items, including 24 videos, were considered hate speech. The interesting bit was that of these only 25 items \u2014 23 on the blogs hosted by Google and two on other Google sites \u2014 were considered defamatory by a court.\"This is the fifth data set that we've released. And just like every other time before, we've been asked to takedown political speech,\" Dorothy Chou, senior policy analyst wrote at the official Google blog. \"It's alarming not only because free expression is at risk, but because some of these requests come from countries you might not suspect \u2014 Western democracies not typically associated with censorship.\"National security and piracy, touted as primary reasons by government officials behind the push for control on the web, didn't lead to many content removal requests in India. Google was told to remove only two items because of copyright reasons and only 10 videos on YouTube because they were considered a threat to national security. At the same time, the company was told to remove 22 items because of impersonation risk and seven items because the content was 'offensive' to religions. Also, requests were made to remove two videos from YouTube because they were too violent in nature and one item was deemed pornographic.As far as removing the content was concerned, Google said it complied with 80% requests received from Indian courts. But for requests made by police or other government agencies, it complied in only 26% cases. \"For the six months of data we're releasing today, we complied with an average of 65% of court orders, as opposed to 47% of more informal requests,\" wrote Chou.While Google officials were not available to comment on Monday, in its earlier report the company had explained that it did not comply with all requests. \"We received requests from (Indian) state and local law enforcement agencies to remove YouTube videos that displayed protests against social leaders or used offensive language in reference to religious leaders. We declined the majority of these requests and only locally restricted videos that appeared to violate local laws prohibiting speech that could incite enmity between communities,\" the report said. \"In addition, we received a request from a local law enforcement agency to remove 236 communities and profiles from Orkut that were critical of a local politician. We did not comply with this request, since the content did not violate our community standards or local law.\"Between July and December, Google also received 2,207 requests from Indian authorities seeking access to user data. In total, these requests targeted 3,427 accounts/people. Google said it complied with 66% requests. The company had received 1,739 such requests in the first half of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14254172", "title": "\u2018Busy\u2019 Nitish doesn\u2019t take Sangma\u2019s call", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said he favoured a consensus within the NDA over the issue of its presidential nominee but refused to take the call of NCP leader PA Sangma who is canvassing support for himself as NDA's presidential candidate.Former Lok Sabha Speaker Sangma, who's candidature may materialize now that former president APJ Abdul Kalam has refused to join the fray, called up Kumar on Monday. But Nitish had him told that he was preoccupied with visitors at his weekly 'Janata Ke Darbar Mein Mukhyamantri'. Sangma was not available for reaction.What could make things worse for NDA's cohesion, at least two Bihar BJP leaders, state unit president C P Thakur and Patna Saheb MP Shatrughan Sinha , too, have come out in support of Mukherjee. They have said there's no need for the NDA to oppose him just for the sake of it.Nitish refused to go on record on the stand of his party, JD(U), on the presidential election, but it's well known that he is strongly batting for Mukherjee. JD(U) sources told TOI that the CM has informed NDA leaders, including L K Advani, about his preference. The BJP leadership apparently favours a contest.At the NDA meeting in Delhi on Saturday, JD (U) president Sharad Yadav and the party's national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary spoke in support of Mukherjee. It was because of the JD (U)'s stand and also the lack of unanimity among BJP leaders that the meeting ended without reaching a conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14251371", "title": "Protesters seek Bandodkar's blessings to fight medium of instruction policy", "text": "PONDA: Protesting the medium of instruction (MoI) policy drafted by the Manohar Parrikar government, the 'Get well soon' group has invoked blessings of the first chief minister of Goa before his bust at Farmagudi-Ponda on Monday.About 15 core members of the group declared that they have resumed their agitation with 'garhane' (veneration) to the departed first chief minister Dayanand 'Bhausaheb' Bandodkar.Yugank Naik, leader of the 'Mr Digambar Kamat get well soon' a group on the popular social networking website 'facebook,' said that today's agitation was a token strike against Parrikar's MoI policy. He said that although the group would continue with the strike this week, the course of action for the agitation would be decided in a couple of days.They reiterated that Parrikar's policy was an attempt to betray the regional 'Maim bhas' (mother tongue) supporters adding that the BJP has won the assembly election on the issue of regional languages as MoI. Several core members of the group said that they would not stop the protests until and unless the Parrikar government revokes its 'handicapped' policy. The group has also demanded that government stop grants to the switched-over-to-English medium primary schools.A youth leader also said they felt betrayed as although Parrikar, the then leader of opposition, had fought alongwith them against the former Congress government's decision to grant aid to English MoI schools, he has himself now continued with the decision of the former Congress government. Revealing that the group sought Bandodkar's blessings for their movement, Surel Tilve, said they are in the process of planning the further course of action to protest against Parrikar government's policy and demand its cancellation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251027", "title": "Pernem records 15 inches in 2 days", "text": "PANAJI: Most places in Goa received incessant rain, ranging from heavy to very heavy, but Pernem recorded the highest of 29cm during the last 24 hours ending 8.30am on Monday. The northernmost taluka also recorded the maximum rainfall of 36cm (15 inches), including 7cm on Sunday, during the last 48 hours. \"The rainfall of 15 inches is the highest for two days,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological observatory, Altinho, said.Mapusa also received a heavy downpour till Monday morning and the 24-hour rainfall of 20cm was the second highest. In all, Mapusa received 24cm, including 4cm on Sunday. Among the other centres, Valpoi received 19cm, Panaji 18, Canacona 13, Dabolim and Mormugao 12cm each, Quepem 11, Margao 10, Sanguem 9 and Ponda 8 cm.The steady spells of rain plunged the mercury considerably. The minimum temperature recorded on Monday morning was 22.7 \u00b0C, which is 2 degrees less than normal. The day temperature came down even lower than normal to 24.0\u00b0C. \"This is 6 degrees less than normal,\" Singh said.Pernem and Valpoi received around half of the total seasonal rainfall this year in just a single day on Monday. While Pernem received 66cm (26 inches) till June 18, it received 29cm (11 inches) on Monday. Valpoi has so far received a total of 39cm (15 inches) and 19 cm of it (nearly 8 inches) was recorded also on Monday. An offshore trough active between Karnataka and southern Maharashtra coast has brought about the torrential rains and the trend may continue for a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253206", "title": "Panel studying house tax model of 3 cities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If implemented, the house tax in Chandigarh could be incurred on the basis of either cost of construction per square meter or rate on rent or annual ratable value. At present, these parameters are being adopted by three cities of the country -- Panaji, Mumbai and Bangalore. Now, these are being studied by the UT municipal corporation accounts branch.In a recently-held meeting of the house tax committee, led by its chairman Sat Parkash Aggarwal, the parameters were circulated among members.In Panaji, the tax is collected on the basis of the cost of construction per square meter. If this parameter is adopted by the Chandigarh MC, then residents will have to shell out Rs 1,701 per annum.If the city follows Bombay's rate-on-rent system, then each household will have to pay Rs 6,265.Chandigarhians will have to shell out Rs 3,038 annually if Bangalore's annual ratable value (ARV) system is adopted here.Chairman of Chandigarh Citizen Council M P S Chawla said, \"There is no need to impose house tax here, as it's a revenue surplus city.\"Criticizing the Congress, BJP councillor Arun Sood said, \"The Congress is keen on imposing the house tax some way or the other, but we will not allow it.\"\"In an earlier meeting of the house tax committee, members had expressed a desire to study the models being adopted in a few prominent cities and so they were apprised of these,\" said additional municipal commissioner Lalit Siwach.Deshraj, MC chief account officer, said, \"Though the decision will be taken by public representatives on its imposition, we are studying the parameters of the three cities to choose one for Chandigarh.\"Sat Parkash Aggarwal, chairman of the house tax committee, feigned ignorance when asked about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14255629", "title": "Pascal Mazurier\u2019s service passport seized", "text": "Authorities have seized the service passport held by Pascal Mazurier, sources told TOI. The official, who was in the French consulate in Vasanthnagar for most part of Monday, will spend the night in the custody of the French consulate in Bangalore.His wife, Suja Jones Mazurier, continued to stay in the family's Edward Road apartment nearby with her three children.An unidentified French police officer , meanwhile, arrived in the city to represent the French government, sources said. However the role of this official in the investigation process is not yet clear.On Monday morning, the accused visited his lawyers' office near the consulate. Activists of six NGOs staged a protest before the French consulate, urging consul authorities not to provide any protection to the guilty official.Twenty-six protesters, including three physically challenged, were later arrested and removed from the spot by a platoon of Karnataka State Reserve Police. The arrested activists were released later in the evening. Asha S Basu, counsel for Suja Jones Mazurier, said that police should issue a look-out notice against Pascal to prevent him from escaping from the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250326", "title": "Incomplete bypass a bane", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Purnapul-Ganesh Ghat bypass, planned 12 years ago, was meant to decongest the Ziaguda main road. But owing to lack of development of the road, efforts in this direction have gone to seed and worse, the deserted road has turned into a hub of anti-social activities.The bypass was created by the Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA). As the authorities failed to complete the work, vendors started occupying pockets of it, making transit difficult and dangerous. \"It is not possible to take the road in the evenings. Even during the day time, the entrance of the road is blocked by meat sellers. There are no streetlights and so people are wary about using the bypass in the night,\" a resident of Puranapul said. The bypass, once developed completely, will make for easy commute from Ziaguda settlements to Karwan, Mangalghat and Afzalgunj.The portion of road which was developed initially runs parallel to the Musi and authorities had planned to make it 150 ft wide. The work could not be completed owing to encroachments and budget constrains.When TOI visited the spot, locals revealed that many properties, mostly encroachments, have come up on the area that was to be used for road development. \"The encroachers have not budged. Several small outlets and vendors have also eaten into the space meant for the road. This place is turning into a dumping yard,\" rued E Surrender, a resident of Ziaguda.The issue of incomplete works was raised by Ziaguda corporator A Krishna at the last GHMC council meeting held in May. Officials had replied that road development work has been included as part of Greater Hyderabad Development Project, at a cost of Rs 15 crore. \"Small vendors and encroachers have been cleared by the GHMC. The road has to be laid and amenities have to be installed. The GHDP project is underway and work will soon start on the bypass,\" said corporator Krishna. He could not provide a time-frame for the grounding of works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250430", "title": "Class IX yet to get language texts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as state board schools were asked to commence regular school from June 16, Class-IX students are yet to start serious studies. For, text books for the upgraded syllabus of all three languages \u2014 English, Hindi and Marathi \u2014 are still unavailable in the market. In the absence of books, schools have started lectures with grammar lessons.Teachers, though, fear that students may lose interest in the subjects soon.\"Our teachers are making the classes as interesting as possible. Since books are still unavailable, we are revising the Class-VIII syllabus so that students don't lose touch with the languages,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family High School in Andheri (East).Most schools are keeping their students busy with essays and letter-writing to improve their writing skills. At Hansraj Public School, Class-XI students are being kept busy with regular lectures. \"The Class-IX portion is very vast so we can't waste time just because books are not available. Grammar and composition are important in language, so our students will be given lessons on these till the textbooks are available,\" said Uday Nare, a school teacher.At Kamla High School in Khar, authorities have introduced a new theme for the year and are calling it the \"year of unlearning\". Students are being encouraged to talk about their experiences outside school and what they learnt from these. \"It is building our students' confidence and everybody is learning interesting things. Books or no books, my students will learn new things everyday,\" said Rekha Shahani, principal of the school. She added that language teachers are also giving lessons on grammar regularly but are focusing on interesting topics in their lectures.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav told TOI that books will be available by June 20. \"We need to make sure that books reach students across the state at the same time. We have already received the books from the printers and have given the release order too. Students will find the books in the market in a couple of days,\" he said.Times View Times ViewDelay in reaching textbooks to schools is not a new problem. But the issue becomes much more serious if this happens in senior classes. Teachers' fears are not unfounded; losing students' interest in the languages at the very start of the academic year can be a problem, especially when an overwhelming majority of students reserve their efforts towards getting high marks in science and mathematics. Poor performance in languages is one of the factors that drag down SSC scores every year. The government cannot afford to be so callous when it comes to such important issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14252673", "title": "Mumbai grapples with waterlogging &amp; traffic jams after first showers", "text": "Till Saturday, Mumbaikars had been patiently waiting for the monsoon to deliver them from a hot, clammy summer. But after rejoicing in the showers for two days, they woke up to a dry Monday, but only figuratively. On the ground, residents of scores of areas had to deal with waterlogged roads and traffic jams.\"This is only a sign of the problems to come,\" said Kurla-resident Loretta Gomes pointing at the bylane outside her home. \"By Sunday afternoon, most of our area, which is low-lying, was waterlogged. Several of my neighbours' homes, which are below road-level, got flooded.\" Some of the worst-affected regions in the city, bedsides Kurla, were Andheri (East), Juhu, Station Road in Vile Parle and the area near Hill Road in Bandra (West). On Monday, residents of these areas were met with slow-moving traffic and ankle-deep water, though rainfall had only been moderate.Kurla, a perennial problem area, received only 18.29 mm of rainfall over the weekend, yet residents had to grapple with waterlogging.In Andheri (East), locals had to struggle against choc-a-block traffic. \"I made the mistake of taking my children out for a drive in the rains. Despite it being Sunday, the traffic was horrible,\" said Sakinaka resident Pooja Vasudev. \"We had to cut short our trip and turn towards home.\"In low lying parts of S V Road, there was ankle-deep water, leading to snarl-ups. \"The worst stretch was near the Andheri Subway. I nearly fell of my motorcycle twice as it almost got caught in depressions amid paver blocks,\" said Bhavan's College student Ashish Metha.In Juhu, most of the roads were dotted with puddles, which brought weekend traffic to a halt. Mejabeen Barwani, a member of the Juhu Residents' Association, said, \"The worst-affected stretch was Juhu Church Road, where several potholes have emerged. Traffic on the inner roads in Juhu are coming to a standstill. At times, it takes me 20 to 30 minutes to reach the main road.\"In Bandra, \"many roads and bylanes off Hill Road were affected\", said Jude Pereira, a member of the Hill Road Residents' Association. \"The major problem is with paver blocks. Concretized road stretches withstand the rains. It is paver blocks that come out of place and lead to problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255201", "title": "Cops capture 4 Manipur terrorists at Patna", "text": "PATNA: A Manipur police team nabbed four terrorists belonging to the northeastern state's armed insurgent group, People Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak, from the Patna railway station premises on Monday.Bihar police provided logistics support to the Manipur police team in carrying out the operation, sources said and identified the four terrorists as Ningthoujam Shanti Meiti alias Chinglemba, Bobo Meiti alias Maj Khangamba, Birjit and Laishram Jiten Singh. According to information, they were also allegedly involved in the killing of an MLA in Manipur.The arrest of the four terrorists in the state capital has alarmed the Bihar police which has sounded alert to district police formations. Police sources said there were reports that outlawed CPI (Maoist), which is active in Bihar, has connections with the Manipur outfit as Maoists, particularly from Jamui and Gaya areas, are sent to Manipur for training in guerrilla warfare.The four terrorists were produced before the railway magistrate and their transit remand was sought. A senior Bihar police official said Bihar police would also interrogate them to ascertain their links with Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14249784", "title": "Tripura to launch plantation drive to protect forests", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura has decided to launch an ambitious project to plant tress on 20,820 hectares of barren land during monsoon to counter the deteriorating forest cover in the state, forest minister Jitendra Choudhury said. According to forest department data, only 20% of the state is covered with quality forests and the area id gradually diminishing.\"Quality forest in Tripura is reducing because of massive cultivation of rubber and other cash crops. Also, a growing numbers of brick kilns across the state use fertile top soil even in forest land and this are a cause of concern,\" said a top forest department official on condition of anonymity.He also pointed out that a few crore rupees had been siphoned off by a section of forest bureaucrats in the name of livelihood management and promoting forest based economy under Tripura-JICA project, a premier externally-aided programme awarded to the state in 2008.JICA had in 2007-08 awarded Rs 366 crore to Tripura for restoration of degraded forests and improving the livelihood of villagers, including tribal families engaged in traditional shifting cultivation, promoting sustainable forest management and improving environment and poverty alleviation. However, though JICA had spent 70% of the funds, it has not been able to achieve even 30% of its target, which was discussed in the last review meeting of the project here, said the official.\"In most places, mainly in south Tripura, the administration has issued utilization certificate of funds to JICA, but departmental investigations reveal that more than 40% of such cases are false,\" he said.He added that JICA funds are misused for entertainment , holding meetings, buying new cars and field trips made by a section of top officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261291", "title": "National Law University to introduce clinical course on legal services", "text": "National Law University, Delhi (NLUD), is going to introduce a clinical course on legal services and paralegal advocacy as a compulsory subject in the 9th semester of their BA LLB (Honours) programme from this academic session in August 2012.According to Srikrishna Deva Rao, professor of law and registrar, NLUD, legal education in India is currently facing challenges about the goals, mission and its social relevance. In response, clinical legal education has emerged as a new method of learning to introduce issues on social justice to students and to prepare them as public interest lawyers.He says, The course attempts to develop proactive role in educating the public about law and strategise legal empowerment using legal services and paralegal education. The course will also make an attempt to critically examine the contribution of legal education to bring the law closer to people and to reach out to communities. It will also examine the various efforts in India in strengthening legal aid and institutionalising paralegal education.Elaborating on the subjects concept, Rao says that legal aid is a basic human right and integral to right to life and personal liberty provided in the Indian constitution. The ignorance about law is a major reason behind the perpetuation of injustice. The vast majority of people have no resources to protect their rights. There are not enough lawyers to provide legal aid services. Legal literacy is the first step in the legal aid movement to bring law closer to the communities.Paralegal education is an important duty of the state and academia to build legal knowledge and skills among people. It is an important tool and method to fulfil the unmet legal needs of the people. It will improve the overall quality of professional legal education while expanding the services for the poor.As to the advantages of the course, Rao says, This course will facilitate the community-based initiatives, combining participation and legal empowerment through the student support-groups.As part of this clinical course, students will also visit the NLUD project site of Legal Empowerment of Construction Workers in Noida and Dwarka and engage in two clinical tasks.Admission to the five-year BA LLB (Honours) programme is on merit, based on the All India Entrance Examination. To be eligible for the course, candidates need to have cleared +2 securing an aggregate of not less than 50% of the total marks.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257722", "title": "Visa changes won\u2019t affect students: UK", "text": "CHENNAI: The recent changes in the UK's migration policy won't affect genuine students who will find the entry process no tougher than earlier, say British diplomats.South Asia regional director of the UK Border Agency Thomas Greig said on Monday , \"we haven't made significant changes when it comes to students applying to UK universities . We have placed further restrictions on students applying to private colleges because of incidence of fraud .\" He said rules were restructured to ensure that those coming to study in the UK did only that .Greig said that while applications from India , especially the south, were credible ,there had been a few instances when people were misled \u2014 they believed they were coming to the UK to study but were compelled to work when this was not their intention . He said officials visited private colleges and tried to assess whether they did what they claimed they were doing .British deputy high commissioner Mike Nithavrianakis said the global student market was very competitive , but that the UK had some natural advantages like English as the national language , which almost all who apply to foreign universities from India understand , and a common history . \"But we can't be complacent on this and we want our universities to be driving much more . We want to be clear about why Indian students should have UK on their radar .\" Last year , the British high commission issued 30 ,000 student visas in India . Officials said that 75% of those who applied were successful.While coming up with stringent norms for approving student visas , the UK also introduced a new visa route for graduate entrepreneurs . \"This will allow students who have world class innovative ideas to stay in the UK and develop their business ,\" said a deputy high commission press release .The diplomats reaffirmed that UK welcomes Indian visitors , students , highly skilled workers and business people . Last year the British high commission issued 57,000 business visitor visas in India. This equates to 95 % of those who applied for one. The diplomats said they had a plan to ensure a satisfactory visit to the UK to anyone with a ticket to the Olympic Games this year .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256280", "title": "'Lakshya' of Xavier's alumni: Rs 64 crore for new campus", "text": "KOLKATA: Now that chief minister Mamata Banerjee has allotted 16 acres to St Xavier's College to build another campus, the focus is on raising funds to get the campus rolling. The college is also on the upgrade path, again at the behest of the chief minister, who has encouraged the 150-year-old institution to graduate to a university. With this objective in mind, a month ago, the principal of the college, Father Felix Raj, had appealed to the alumni, to help raise funds to buy the plot. The alumni came forward enthusiastically and have already collected Rs 1.25 crore. And the kitty is growing daily.The college has among its alumni a large number of industry leaders, including ArcelorMittal boss L N Mittal, Sanjeev Goenka and Harshvardhan Neotia, who are expected to chip in in a major way in the days to come and have been deliberately left out of this special initiative of the alumni. The project has been christened 'Project Lakshya', where each contributor donates a minimum Rs 1 lakh to the college funds.\"While some of us, especially those in business, are able to contribute a lakh on our own, there are many from the service sector who are donating a lakh by collecting from connections, both corporate and otherwise, that they have,\" said a member of the alumni association.The college is in an expansion mode. While the Rajarhat campus is in focus, another campus on a plot off the EM Bypass allotted to the college by the previous government is also being built. That campus will be developed as a mass communications hub and a business school powered by sister institutions of the college, like the Xavier's Labour Research Institute (XLRI), Jamshedpur and the Xavier's Institute of Management, Bhubaneshwar (XIMB).The state government has subsidised the value of the 16 acres at Rajarhat and has agreed to sell it to St Xavier's College at Rs 4 crore an acre. The total cost of the plot has been fixed at Rs 64 crore. \"I am grateful to the CM for this. We had asked for 25 acres, but when she said that she would give us 16, we were happy. The market price of the plot is Rs 10 to 12 crore per acre. We couldn't afford that, so the chief minister helped bring down the price for us. However, there isn't much time left and organising Rs 64 crore will not be easy for the institution unless the alumni comes forward to help,\" said Father Felix Raj.For most alumni members, it is an opportunity to pay back. \"No sooner was the appeal made that we were flooded with phone calls and e-mails from alumni all over the world wishing to contribute. We were overwhelmed with the response,\" said Firdausul Hasan, secretary of the St Xavier's College Alumni Association. Needless to say, he has already contributed a lakh to the project and is networking to collect more.\"Had I not been groomed by the Jesuit fathers of the college and my teachers, I would not have been successful in life. Today, when the college needs me, I feel emotional. It is almost like your own parents asking for help,\" said Umesh Goenka, an alumnus of the 1987 batch.Almost on the same note, Sanjib Konar said he was too happy to contribute. \"We typically grew up in a situation where you learn to treat your college, the teachers and your friends like your own family. The feeling is reciprocal, you see. When in crisis we run to the fathers for advise or help. Similarly, the fathers also involve us in the development of the college,\" said Konar, a businessman who deals in gems and jewellery.On July 8, the college will start an international alumni chapter in Las Vegas , US. It already has chapters in Singapore, Dubai, London, Bangkok and Dhaka and has been holding alumni meetings in these countries regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255198", "title": "Remove illegal khatals in six months, HC tells govt", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the state government to get all the illegal khatals (cowsheds) removed and provide proper street lights in the city in six months.A division bench comprising Justice Shivakirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain issued this directive while disposing of a PIL of Barun Kumar Sharma seeking removal of khatal from B N Rai Path in Kadamkuan locality here. The PIL was being heard for more than three years during which the high court had passed several orders for removal of khatals that had encroached upon the city roads causing serious traffic problems.Petitioner's counsel Sunil Kumar argued on different dates of the case that the chronic problem of khatals had not been solved and the people of the city, particularly those residing on the B N Rai Path, had been facing inconvenience due to encroachment of roads by khatals and the related environmental problems.On Monday, the petitioner's counsel argued that the problem of khatals in the city remained unresolved despite the court orders.The court said the petitioner's counsel may file contempt of court case if the illegal khatals were not removed from the town area in the next six months.University teachers vacancies: The same bench directed the state government to file a reply to the PIL in three weeks regarding the decision taken to fill 3,000 vacancies of teachers in the state universities and colleges. The order was passed on a PIL of Vijay Kumar Singh, filed about three years ago, for filling the posts of teachers in all the universities and colleges of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14255504", "title": "Want justice for my little girl: Suja Jones Mazurier", "text": "Suja Jones Mazurier, 37, is fighting for justice for her little daughter , who she alleges has been raped by her husband. In an interview to TOI, Suja regrets the delay in proceedings.It's been four days since you filed a complaint.My children and I are extremely traumatized by the incident and the procedures that are being followed. I had written to the authorities and I'm appealing again to the external affairs minister and the PM to clarify about my husband's status of diplomatic immunity . Only then can the probe progress.How have you been coping with all this?In spite of what happened to my children, I have been doing everything that I have to do. I have been going to the police station, taking my children for counselling and going to the hospital, among other things. After all this, if there is still a pause in the entire investigation, it is very frustrating. We want justice for the little girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14251044", "title": "Intelligence Bureau, Anti-Terrorism Squad seek details of UK consulate \u2018attacker\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Intelligence Bureau (IB) collected details of Ghatkopar resident Sajjad Abdul Pawale (35) from the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police on Monday to find out why he allegedly led a mob attack on the British consulate at Naman Chambers (G block) on Saturday. Officials from the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) also visited the BKC police station on Monday to question Pawale and collected the case file.The BKC police said the IB officials were probing if Pawale had any terror links. \"The sleuths collected his details as they found his claim of meeting consulate officials to get protection and asylum suspicious,\" said a police official.Pawale, who claimed to be a social worker who also ran a share-trading training centre, was reportedly angry at being denied asylum in the UK. \"Pawale said he and his partner had incurred losses in the share market and the latter had threatened him. Pawale also claimed to have lodged a complaint with the Juhu police,\" said an official. \"Pawale said he held candlelight protests twice to get a chance to meet consulate officials. He thought the British would help him as they had ruled India.\"The sleuths learnt that Pawale had been staying in a five-star hotel for the past few months for fear of being killed. He was paying Rs 3.4 lakh a month for the room. \"He also said his mother and brother were UK citizens,\" said an official.Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre-Patil said a probe was on to ascertain Pawale's motive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257939", "title": "Education activists campaign for common school system", "text": "CHENNAI: Activists campaigning for universal education on Monday called for a common school system that would offer education free of cost for all children in the country and help stop the commercialization of education. Briefing reporters about an all India conference to be held in the city on June 30 and July 1, All India Forum for Right To Education presidium member Anil Sadgopal said, \"There is widespread misbelief among policymakers , the judiciary and educationists that the common school system can be improved through private participation.\"\"This has led the government to promote the RTE Act and exonerate the commercialization and privatization of education . We want to expose this farce\" he said. \"As long as commercialization of education is promoted, and the government allows private schools to flourish , the common school system cannot improve.\"Speakers at the press meet said they wanted to promote the idea of a common school system from nursery to Class 12 and to make this a constitutional obligation . They said the RTE Act is afront to pump public money into private schools, with the government passing on its responsibility of providing education for all to private schools by offering to pay self-financing schools for the education of 25% of the students. Organising secretary of the All India Forum for RTE Ramesh Patnaik said the Act has been in effect for two years but many children are still not in school but are working instead. \"Obviously the current model is not working,\" he said. \"Unless commercialization is abolished children will not get equal or quality education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14257042", "title": "Cabinet okays massive greening project for Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab would be a greener place, if the state government is able to implement the decision taken in the cabinet meeting held on Tuesday. A massive greening project, which promises to carry out a massive plantation drive on vacant lands available in rural and urban areas of the state, was approved in the meeting.The meeting also decided that all cabinet ministers would voluntarily offer to forego 10% of their monthly allowances as part of the austerity measures. The decision would also be applicable to all chief parliamentary secretaries of the state.The cabinet meeting also saw approval to budget proposals for the year 2012-13 to be presented by finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa in the state legislative assembly on June 20.Under the Greening Punjab project, trees and plants of different species would be planted across the state. The entire programme would be financed through a corpus created from funds contributed by various boards, corporations, authorities and departments.Even private and corporate sectors would also contribute for the scheme under the clause of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) enshrined in the Companies Act. A society, trust or company would be constituted under the chief minister for this purpose. The plantation drive would be undertaken on lands owned by government departments, institutions, panchayats, clubs, focal points, markets, cremation grounds, etc., besides land in the vicinity of police lines, stations and jails, educational and medical institutions including hospitals, dispensaries and healthcare centres.The cabinet also passed a resolution expressing profound grief and anguish over the recent unfortunate incident of cow slaughter in Joga in Mansa district. The cabinet also gave consent for setting up a Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) to oversee implementation of various traffic/transport measures and mobility projects undertaken by various agencies in the municipal corporation areas in Punjab, besides ensuring effective public transport system in the urban sector.The cabinet also discussed the prevailing situation regarding supply of minor minerals, especially sand and gravel in the state. In order to address the problem and ensure adequate supply of these materials at reasonable rates, a cabinet sub-committee has been constituted which would submit a comprehensive report in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14252938", "title": "'JDA projects over Rs 10L will need minister's nod'", "text": "JAIPUR: To utilize funds effectively and keep a tab on the JDA officials, the urban development and housing (UDH) minister, Shanti Dhariwal, has made it clear that any project over Rs 10 lakh will need the minister's nod.Dhariwal said, \"The officials will now have to make a proposal before carrying out any project over Rs 10 lakh and have to take my permission. However, the process to initiate tenders and other procedures will remain same.\"The new instructions for the government officials have come at a point when the ruling party legislators and office-bearers have repeatedly complained that the state bureaucracy was going unbridled.According to JDA sources, the order released on June 15 stresses on three points. The order states that the officials will have to mention the estimated cost of the civil works requiring the approval. Second, the officials will have to prepare proposal for the civil works for which tender processes have been completed but work orders are yet to be given. Third, the minister has ordered that a list of requests forwarded by the public representatives be prepared.Dhariwal's order will tighten the noose on the officials who initiate costly projects without the ministry's involvement. Even civil works like construction of roads or doing 'patch-work' will now have to be cleared by the minster.\"We have been receiving several complaints that government officials do not pay attention to public representatives' pleas that about undertaking even simple work like repairing roads. Roads are not constructed in areas where there is an immediate need for it, while the same are constructed in areas where they are not required,\" Dhariwal said.Official sources in the department, on the other hand, claimed that the decision was taken as the assembly elections were just a year away. The officers have covertly begun objecting to the change on the ground that the new process would be more time consuming and, moreover, the minister would be busy with the elections. \"The officials will have to wait for the minister's approval,\" said an official.Last week, the UDH minister questioned the bureaucratic nod for a pilot project on ducting in the old city. The officials failed to even bring the project to the minister's notice. Dhariwal also expressed ire over the officials' unilateral decision to give the go ahead to the company for preparing a detailed project report (DPR) of the ducting project. The minister termed the project 'infeasible' and claimed the JDA and JMC does have funds for the project at the moment to support the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14254041", "title": "Rajasthan University extends dates for submission of forms", "text": "JAIPUR: After a loud protest by the students on Monday, Rajasthan university (RU) has extended the dates for online registration and submission of application forms for undergraduate (UG), postgraduate (PG) and law courses for the session 2012-2013.Earlier the last date for registering online was June 18 and June 21 for submitting the hard copy. Bhupendra Singh Shekhawat, public relations officer (PRO) said the deadline for online registration of UG forms has now been shifted to June 21 while the new date for submission of hard copies at the university is June 23.In case an applicant misses the deadline for submission, he/she can register online with a late fee of Rs 50 till June 26 and submit the hard copy by June 29. For PG, PG Diploma and law courses, the new date for registering online has been extended by three days.Now, students can apply online till June 23 and submit the hard copies till June 26.The admission for UG aspirants would be merit based, while those who wish to pursue PG, PG Diploma and law courses will have to clear an entrance exam to get through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14256565", "title": "To improve your memory, spit out the chewing gum", "text": "LONDON: Chewing flavourless gum could hamper your memory, a new British study has revealed.According to researchers from Cardiff University in the UK, people who chewed gum had a harder time recalling lists of letters and numbers than those who avoided the habit.Researchers believe that the motion involved in chewing deters the brain's ability to memorize serial lists. Just like tapping your finger or foot may distract you from accomplishing the same task, continual movements like chewing on a piece of gum can also interfere with your short-term memory.The study challenges the prevailing notion that chewing gum, at least when it is flavoured, is a performance enhancer that can boost brainpower.According to Chicago Tribune, the study provides further proof that human beings are bad at multitasking.Some previous studies have argued that gum improves concentration by triggering an increase in blood flow through the brain, said lead author Michail Kozlov, of Cardiff University. But his team found that oral activities such as gum chewing could interfere with the process that is normally used to remember verbal content, the Daily Mail reported.As part of the study, researches gave subjects tasks to perform while chewing gum and without gum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "14255596", "title": "\u2018German neo-Nazis aided Munich Olympic massacre\u2019", "text": "BERLIN: German neo-Nazis helped the Palestinian terrorist organization, Black September, carry out the infamous massacre of 11 Israeli athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympic Games, intelligence files released nearly four decades after the killings revealed on Sunday.Details from a hitherto secret, 2,000-page document on the massacre, held by Germany's federal office for the Protection of the constitution, were published by Der Spiegel magazine ahead of the 40th anniversary of the athletes' deaths this September.Two Israeli sportsmen died in the initial hostagetaking. Nine more were killed during a bungled rescue attempt by German police at Munich airport in which five terrorists were also shot dead.Until now it had been assumed that Black September bore sole responsibility for the kidnapping and murders which were carried out in an attempt to secure the release of 234 Palestinians held in Israeli jails.But according to the newly-released German intelligence file, neo-Nazis also helped prepare the massacre and planned to carry out further terrorist acts in Germany to avenge the police killing of Palestinians in Munich.The file showed that Abu Daud, the Palestinian behind the massacre, travelled to Germany to plan the attack in July 1972. He was assisted by Willi Pohl, a known German neo-Nazi. It was not clear whether other neo-Nazis were also involved.The files revealed that Pohl put Daud in touch with an expert in counterfeiting passports and other official documents, and acted as his personal chauffeur.Pohl, who has since renounced terrorism and neo-Nazi activity, is now a crime writer who has assumed a new name. He told Der Spiegel, \"I drove Abu Daud all over Germany and he held meetings with Palestinians in various cities.\"He claimed he was linked to the Munich massacre \"without knowing it\".\u2014 THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252237", "title": "Thousands apply on last day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Long winding queues were spotted all over the Faculty of Arts at North Campus on Monday. It was the last day to apply to Delhi University colleges and hundreds of aspirants seemed to have been waiting for the eleventh hour. The temperature was rising by the hour and so was the rush of aspirants flocking to the campus to buy as well as submit the centralized OMR forms.DU has received 1.46 lakh applications in general and OBC categories this year and 23,650 candidates have registered as Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes for a total of 54,000 undergraduate seats.A little over 12,000 are reserved for SC and ST candidates. DU sold 1.45 lakh forms over the counter and received 1.03 lakh forms. DU officials say the online registration process introduced this year turned out to be a success after initial hiccups with nearly 43,300 forms received on the website. \"The online process got a good response from admission-seekers with nearly 30% of them applying online,\" said Gurpreet Singh Tuteja, deputy dean, students' welfare.DU had started the online registration on June 4, however, the payment gateway was introduced only three days later. As a result, many candidates had to fill their form online but send a demand draft by post. Of the forms received online, 32,000 forms were paid for using debit or credit cards. Nearly 3,600 forms were submitted online on Monday alone which was the highest in one day so far.\"My son had applied online but we thought he should apply using a printed form too. So we landed at the campus at 9 am to buy a form. I knew that it would be too crowded on the last day but we still wanted to be sure,\" said Naresh Behl, father of an aspirant.Many aspirants were seen filling up the OMR forms even after 1 pm when the counters were supposed to close in all colleges. Quick to cash in on the situation, ABVP activists started sloganeering against the university administration at the Faculty of Arts when the counters were actually shut at the scheduled time.\"We still have to submit our forms. I hope the counters open again,\" said a visibly stressed Mehak . She admitted she wasted all the days gone by only to wait for her friends to come along. The counters were opened for submission soon after. On the other hand, post offices, which were selling and accepting forms till 4 pm remained almost deserted.Surprisingly, there was not much rush at the South Campus. The process went on smoothly except in some colleges where some confusion prevailed over ECA quota forms. Some aspirants didn't have any idea that the documents were needed to be attested by gazetted officer. They had instead attested the documents themselves due to which they had to be turned away.\"When we came across this problem, we extended the time for submission of forms till 4.30 pm and submission of documents attested by a gazetted officer till tomorrow,\" said K K Sharma, associate professor, ARSD. Most colleges also closed the application process for sports and ECA quota on Monday. The trials for these categories begin on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14253003", "title": "Karnatak University hikes affiliation fees", "text": "DHARWAD: Colleges and institutions in the purview of Karnatak University aspiring to introduce new courses at undergraduate (UG) and post-graduate (PG) level will have to shell out more money to get varsity's affiliation now onwards.The academic council at its meeting held here on Monday gave its consent to the proposal to hike the affiliation fees. The affiliation fees for commerce course at both UG and PG level has been hiked substantially.While the average fees for affiliating UG courses has been hiked by 12 per cent it is 31 per cent hike for PG courses. The deposit amount has been hiked by 9 per cent.Vice chancellor H B Walikar, who chaired the meeting justified the hike saying that the other universities in the region had hiked the affiliation fees for UG courses by 72 per cent and for PG courses by 330 per cent.Now the colleges intending to start commerce course at the UG level will have to pay Rs 45,000 instead of Rs 30,000. For arts and science courses the hike is from Rs 30,000 to 33,000. For PG courses to start MCom the fees has been hiked from Rs 48,000 to Rs 1 lakh, for MA from Rs 48,000 to Rs 80,000 and for MSc from Rs 48,000 to Rs 60,000.Walikar said there has been good demand for commerce courses at both UG and PG level and inflow of students was also high. As such the colleges can accumulate the necessary funds for payment of affiliation fees, he said.The academic council also gave its in-principle consent to allow the lecturers having PhD and working in private aided/unaided first grade colleges to work as guides for PhD students. A committee will be constituted to study the merits and demerits of allowing lecturers to be guides and the recommendations of the committee will be incorporated in the rules.The university also came out with the time table for admission process to various PG courses. Since the results of all undergraduate courses have been announced the varsity will start distribution of application forms for PG courses from June 30. The respective departments will conduct entrance test on July 18 and the admission process will be completed by July 30. There will be no centralized entrance test, the VC clarified and said the concerned departments will conduct the tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250244", "title": "Public interest litigation seeks probe into NCP minister\u2019s assets", "text": "MUMBAI: No industrial house has grown as fast as companies floated by relatives of state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, states a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in the Bombay high court on Monday. The PIL has sought a CBI probe into the minister's assets.Tatkare has denied all the allegations against him and his family.According to the PIL filed by Thane-based activist Rajendra Phanse, Tatkare started his career as a road contractor and amassed wealth through his relatives. Phanse's petition is based on news reports, especially those published by TOI.Phanse's advocate V P Patil mentioned the PIL before a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar, who posted the hearing on June 21. \"This matter is similar to that of Kripashankar Singh,'' said Patil. Singh was the Mumbai Congress chief and was forced to step down after the high court ordered an inquiry into his alleged disproportionate assets.Phanse urged the court to direct the CBI to probe Tatkare, his son Aniket, daugher-in-law Vedanti and daughter Aditi, saying he had no faith in the state police. In his petition, Phanse said \"a free and independent inquiry by the state police is impossible\" as Tatkare and home minister R R Patil belong to the National Congress Party . \"The only remedy is an inquiry/investigation by the CBI, which is an independent body,\" the petition states.Phanse has also sought directions to the state government to take action against Tatkare for committing breach of oath taken by him \"to do right to all manner of people in accordance with the Constitution and the law without fear or favour, affection or ill-will\". He argued that the property amassed by Tatkare's relatives could not be without favour of Tatkare, who is a sitting minister in the state cabinet.\"... breach of oath is a serious illegality and thus intervention by this court is necessary in the interest of justice and democracy,\" the petition states.Pointing out that Tatkare has been a minister since 2004 and is the guardian minister of Raigad district, Phanse's petition states that his son Aniket is a director in 25 companies. Aniket, Vedanti and Aditi have \"been instrumental in floating these companies\", the petition states, adding, \"Such growth in such short time is not done by any industrial house in the country'' and this shows that Tatkare and his family are involved in corrupt practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249752", "title": "Cops seek more time to probe Gujarat University vice-chancellor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) police on Monday sought six more months to complete its probe and submit a report on graft cases lodged against GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi.Special judge hearing cases of anti-corruption bureau, M P Sheth, granted the time till July 30 to cops to complete the process of investigation.In April also, police sought six months' extension on various grounds, but the court had granted 45 days. However, the probe could not be completed and further time was sought.The cops submitted in their plea for extension that part of investigation has been done and that they have already summoned authorities of five colleges for interrogation in near future. They cited various pending cases and events including the Rath Yatra that may engage policemen for bandobast and stated that it would be difficult for them to complete the probe within a short period.Complainant Pradeep Prajapati's lawyer Sumit Sikarwar strongly objected to the request for extension and told the court that some prima facie evidences show the involvement of the VC and other accused persons including chief account officer Minesh Shah in the fixed deposit scam. He also placed various documents before the court along with Prajapati's affidavit stating that the education department had also recommended Shah's transfer.An FIR was lodged in February against Trivedi on the basis of the complaint by university senate member Prajapati who accused the VC, Shah, development officer Vaishali Padhiyar and Wilson Printcity Pvt Ltd of swindling crores of rupees. Prajapati alleged that the three misused their office and gave away printing jobs of exam papers, answer sheets and other materials to Wilson between 2007 and 2011 which caused the exchequer a loss of Rs 1.3 crore.The former senate member has also alleged that Trivedi and others divided GU's Rs 100-crore fixed deposit with SBI to make deposits in separate banks, incurring Rs 4 crore losses to the university. Prajapati has also alleged that Trivedi manipulated income figures of the university during his tenure.Prajapati moved the court after police refused to investigate the charges. While asking cops to lodge an FIR, the court had also sought probe report by April 30. But the cops have been seeking extension since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14253836", "title": "Former village headman shot dead in Surajpur, gang rivalry suspected", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A former village headman was shot dead on Monday when he was returning to his residence after morning walk in Janpad, Surajpur. Police said the incident was the result of a 22-year-old rivalry of the deceased, Vijender Singh, with another group. Singh's family has blamed the current village head for the incident. On the basis of the complaint by Singh's family, four people have been booked.Police said the incident took place in Junpad village around 7am. \"Singh's son, Pankaj, was a few meters away when four bikers, two each from Makora and Junpad villages, shot him with several bullets,\" said SP (rural), Ashok Kumar. Even as Pankaj reached near his father, the bikers sped away towards Pari Chowk.Police said Singh had allegedly murdered one Vijaypal (22) after which a rivalry began with the latter's family. At the time, Singh was in Delhi Police. He had been suspended from service, but was later found innocent by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250598", "title": "Sickle cell cuts short active life of a Guide and trekker", "text": "NAGPUR: She once climbed mountains and trekked in the hills of Pachmarhi, but now she is completely crippled and cannot move a single joint of her limbs. She is literally a bundle of diseases, primary being sickle cell and tuberculosis. She has been prescribed both knee and complete hip joint replacements. But unable to raise the huge amount involved in the treatment, she cannot even dream of being back on her feet again. Only a government initiative or an NGO willing to take up her cause can bail her out now.Ulka Meshram (32) remembers her school days with both delight and despair. She remembers with pleasure the Scout And Guide activities, cultural programmes at school, trekking activities at Chhindwara and Pachmarhi hills. She was a recipient of President Shankar Dayal Sharma's certificate for her exemplary work as a 'Guide' in 1996. Now, she sits on a wheelchair looking down at her swollen feet and legs, dependent on her family for even basic chores like going to the toilet or changing her clothes.\"I want to be back on my feet once again. How? I really don't know,\" she says as tears roll down her cheeks as she speaks to TOI on the eve of World Sickle Cell Day.She recalls her journey from a happy childhood as the most loved of four daughters of a locomotive driver, when she would sit on his shoulders to watch trains, to the present days of sleepless nights due to severe pain in all joints with no respite even with medicines. Her mother Rekha, a housewife and former RPI leader, too tries hard not to let her emotions wet her eyes, but in vain.Ulka was diagnosed with sickle cell disease as early as 5-6 years of age, but couldn't get the right treatment due to lack of awareness on the part of her parents as well as doctors at that time, which is true even now to some extent. One day, at the age of 9, she returned home with a terrible pain in one knee after a Guide camp. Everyone attributed it to strenuous activity at the camp. But when she finally couldn't tolerate the pain, she was taken to a probably incompetent doctor, who plastered her knee. Unfortunately, her experience with doctors has not been too good even later.The family, though, does mention a few good doctors who helped them a lot. These include Dr Sudhir Bhatnagar, Dr AV Shrikhande and Dr Amol Dube at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, and Dr Dipti Jain, Dr SV Ghorpade and Dr SK Mitra at GMCH.Ulka's elder sister Deepa says, \"We preferred to take her to a railway hospital, as my father was in the railways. But there were no facilities to treat sickle cell then, and even now. In fact, she contracted tuberculosis in one of common wards at the hospital. She has developed into a multi-drug resistant (MDR) patient, with doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) also finding it hard to treat.\" Deepa has decided to remain a spinster and help her sister live a comparatively better life with her support.The doctors at GMCH have suggested replacement of both her knees and hip joints, and expect expenses of Rs 4-5 lakh, which the family cannot afford on the pension of a retired railway employee. \"I was once the little baby of my father. Now, he cannot bear to face me, as he is helpless. His relationship with my mother has also changed. How can one man take care of his wife and two handicapped daughters (me and my mentally challenged sister) on his pension? I feel terrible to see his frustration,\" says Ulka.To help father with the financial burden of Rs 3-5,000 spent every month on the sickle cell and TB treatment, Ulka, herself a standard IX pass student, teaches students from nursery to standard IX. All efforts to seek help from local politicians have failed. \"Right from the MPs to MLCs, we have tried every one. But most feel it would be a waste of money on a person not destined to survive long,\" says Ulka's mother.Sampat Ramteke, president of Sickle Cell Society of India, sees Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Yojna as the only hope to get her treated properly. He says there is no dearth of funds in the state government for sickle cell disease programmes, citing figures in crores, but regrets lack of a focused programme to tackle the disease recognized as a public health programme nationally and internationally. \"There are no dedicated schemes to spread awareness and treatment. Medical colleges are running some diagnostic schemes, thanks only due to individual doctors, who brought some central government schemes to the hospitals,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250466", "title": "At last, Nagpur University implements credit system in PG courses", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long wait, Nagpur University has finally implemented the much-awaited Choice-based Credit System (CBCS) from the forthcoming academic session in postgraduate (PG) courses. TOI had on February 22 first reported about NU's move to go with CBCS as per UGC guidelines.NU is the only university in Maharashtra without the CBCS in postgraduate courses, after neighbouring Amravati University implemented it last year.A notification was recently issued by registrar Mahesh Yenkie after Academic Council cleared the proposal on February 23 and Management Council gave its nod on May 11. After this, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal put a final stamp of approval.The CBCS would also be implemented in LLB five-year and three-year courses, MA, MCom, MSc, MLib, MPharm, MBA, MCM and post graduate diploma in computer applications (PGDCA). However, currently, only credit-based system will be implemented while choice-based would be taken up later.\"The CBCS will be implemented across all PG courses and colleges have to follow all rules and regulations,\" Yenkie told TOI. He said there will be semester pattern in all PG courses and exams would be conducted twice in an academic year.\"Additionally, colleges will get 90 days to complete the syllabus of each semester. The workload of colleges will definitely increase. Accordingly, their expenses will also grow, as they have to offer better infrastructure and facilities,\" he said, adding that even NU's workload will increase as they will have to conduct exams twice a year, including setting and moderating question papers.Agreeing with him, principal of Central India College of Law SM Rajan said they will face some problems in first year but will adapt to it gradually. \"In this credit-based system, we have to keep all records of students and therefore paperwork will increase. Even evaluation pattern has been changed and now 20 mark sessional has been reintroduced in law faculty,\" he said.The CBCS is followed globally, and many top-ranked institutions admit students on the basis of these grades. Even apex bodies like UGC, Union HRD ministry and National Knowledge Commission (NKC) have recommended the system for enhancing quality of higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14251918", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata may abstain from voting", "text": "KOLKATA: Given APJ Abdul Kalam's withdrawal from the presidential race and her inability to support PA Sangma, Mamata Banerjee may have no option left but to abstain from the voting to save face. This perhaps suits Mamata best as otherwise many of her own MPs, like Kabir Suman and Dinesh Trivedi , and MLAs would end up voting in favour of UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee.After a meeting of party MPs and MLAs in Kolkata on Monday, Trinamool parliamentary leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay said, \"We have heard that APJ Abdul Kalam has declined to contest, but there are still some days left. Our party leader will call a meeting of all MLAs and MPs to chart out our future course.\"He denied reports that the party's six Union ministers, including railway minister Mukul Roy, had given their resignations to Mamata. \"There has been no such decision. We will continue to support the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre. We don't want the government to fall. But if the Congress thinks that we are a burden for them, we are mentally prepared to quit,\" Bandyopadhyay said.Union MoS for rural development Sisir Adhikary endorsed Bandyopadhyay's view. \"We aren't quitting on our own. It was decided in the meeting that we are not going to take the humiliation lying down,\" Adhikary said.In the meeting, Mamata called upon her party colleagues to be prepared in case the party faced \"humiliation\" from the Congress.In her Facebook post on Monday against what she called \"corruption, backroom-dealing, and Machiavellian manipulations and machinations\", Mamata wrote: \"Kalam Saheb, you have touched our hearts and our spirit. You were a People's President and bridged the gap between the high office and common people. After waiting for three-four days some political parties simply failed the people at this critical moment in responding to the clarion call... I have unshakable belief in the indomitable will if the people of our country. They will rise to cleanse Indian politics and bring back honesty, value and ethics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255419", "title": "Woman hangs self", "text": "RANCHI: A mother of 10-year-old child hanged herself with her dupatta from the ceiling of her house on Monday. Vinod Mirza, a mason, woke up in the morning to find his wife Rahila Devi hanging from the ceiling. The incident occurred at Latma Road locality. Sanjay Kumar , the officer in charge of Jagannathpur police station, said a case of unnatural death was lodged.Parents of Rahila had attempted suicide four years ago also\"She was in extreme depression and had become introvert these days,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14265095", "title": "Saina Nehwal returns to India after winning Indonesia Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ace badminton star Saina Nehwal returned to Hyderabad on Tuesday, days after winning her third Indonesia Open Super Series title.Saina, 22, is currently ranked fifth in the world and is behind four Chinese players.Saina defeated Li Xuerui of China despite being a set down, outsmarting her opponent 13-21, 22-20, 21-19 in the final of the Indonesia Open on Sunday at Jakarta .The match lasted an hour and four minutes and incidentally, this was her third victory this year in international tourneys.Speaking to reporters, Saina said that victory has given her confidence to eye a medal at the London Olympics next month.\"\"I am happy that I won two tournaments in a row and yes the win was quite after sometime so really happy that results are very good. I defeated quite a few top players in these two tournaments so really happy. Want to thank my coach Gopi sir, my parents and of course all my well wishers who were praying for me and I hope from here on I train even more harder and get ready for the Olympics,\" said Saina.The odds were against Saina since she had lost four times and won just once against her Chinese opponent, Li Xuerui.Saina lost three finals to her Chinese opponents last year, raising concerns about her vulnerability against them.The victory at Indonesia Open came a week after Saina won the Thai Open on June 10.Saina had a standout year in 2010 when she won three Super Series titles and the Commonwealth Games gold in Delhi, also reaching a career-best world ranking of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250737", "title": "\u2018Detained sisters\u2019 kids in trauma\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The father of the two sisters, who has been sent to a women's protection home after a police raid on Masala Curry, an Andheri eatery, has told the Bombay high court that his grandchildren are facing trauma without their mothers.\"The children of both my daughters are in trauma. It is difficult for us to explain to them where their mothers are,\" stated C Bala (56) in his affidavit. He said his four-year-old autistic grandson \"was uncontrollable without his mother\".The two women were produced in Mazgaon court on Monday for a hearing. Last week, the magistrate heard four of the 11 women sent to Mahila Sudhar Gruh. On Monday, seven others and the two women's mother were heard. The magistrate is likely to pass an order on their detention on Wednesday. The high court will hear the matter on Tuesday.Bala's affidavit said his wife, along with his elder daughter Sunitha Gowda, came to Mumbai from Delhi eight months ago for the treatment of his autistic grandson. His younger daughter, Beena, arrived from Delhi on June 4 with her daughter. On June 5, when the sisters were detained by the police, Sunitha and Beena were invited to a birthday party hosted by Mohan Tolani whose son also suffers from a similar disorder, Williams Syndrome.Bala said as he suffered from paralysis in his right hand and leg, he went to bed early. That night, his wife waited up for their daughters till 2am. Till 5am, when they did not return, the parents headed for the police station. On their way, they received a call from Beena from an unknown number, telling them that they were being detained at the Oshiwara cop station. \"We tried to explain that my daughters were innocent, but none at the police station listened to us,\" Bala said.When the couple went to Mahila Sudhar Gruh, they were not allowed to talk to their daughters. \"Cops said they were not accused but victims, and so we could not speak to them. They said my daughters would be released after 21 days and the two had been rescued from a sex racket,\" his affidavit stated.Bala's affidavit annexed Beena's I-T returns, a report certifying his grandson autistic and a certificate from a housing society certifying Beena's family as \"decent and respectable\".(Names changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257052", "title": "Lakshmi Bai\u2019s birthplace to be turned into memorial", "text": "KANPUR: After years of struggle and disputes, dust is soon going to be cleared over the birthplace of Rani Lakshmi Bai which is located at Bhadaini area near Asi ghat.The place, which was lost into oblivion over the years, is being given finishing touches in the form of a memorial for the female warrior, who gave a tough fight to British during the 1857 War of Independence. \"The memorial will be inaugurated, once the process of upcoming local body elections is completed after July 7,\" regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar said while talking to TOI on the occasion of day of martyrdom of Lakshmi Bai on Monday. According to Kumar, no events were organized by tourism department.However, local organizations were holding ceremonies to mark the event. \"There were some legal disputes too and families staying there were rehabilitated at a different place. This process took time and in 2009, the project was sanctioned, years after, when the project of the building was first proposed in 1978,\" said Kumar. According to him, a budget of Rs 52.24 lakh has been allotted to this project and construction work was started in 2010.The memorial comprises a golden colour statue of Lakshmi Bai, accompanied by pictorial representation of major events from the life of the warrior queen on the side walls. The boundary lines of the campus have been constructed with pink stones.\"At present, almost all the major works have been completed and finishing touches are being given to the memorial with pink stones on the floors. It is expected that the work will be completed in 10 days,\" an engineer present at the site said. The motivational stories and events from Lakshmi Bai's life have been carved out. However, the inscription of lines from the poetry (Khoob Ladi Mardani ...) written by Subhadra Kumari Chauhan on the side walls and setting up of fountains near the statue are yet to be finished.The birthplace had been lying neglected for a long time. According to a local resident Shamshad, very often tourists and educationists used to come in search of the birth place of warrior queen but witnessing the condition and the homes of others at that place, they had to return dejected.The tourism department is hopeful that the memorial will attract thousands of tourists, educationists, historians and students to witness the birth place of the woman, who was an epitome of bravery and empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250431", "title": "Operator murdered at Khaparkheda power plant", "text": "NAGPUR: The murder of a 54-year-old technician and operator while on night duty in the air compressor unit of Mahagenco's Khaparkheda thermal power station has left the rural police department puzzled. The body of Dilip Ambekar was found with deep injuries on the head in his cabin on Monday morning. The incident has raised a question mark on security at the sensitive installation.The murder was first noticed by an employee who spotted Ambekar's body in the cabin through a glass window. Khaparkheda police and Mahagenco's senior authorities were alerted. Police are still unclear about the motive of the murder and the identity of the culprit.Cops feel that the assailants may have been known to Ambekar and must have come to meet the deceased with ulterior motives on Sunday night.It is learnt that there were four access doors to the particular cabin in the unit where Ambekar was present. While three of these doors were closed at night, the assailants could have entered the cabin through the staircase that connects the room to the basement that houses the turbine. There is a way to go outside from this basement towards a nullah.Khaparkheda police have registered an offence of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14255199", "title": "Abducted baby reunited with its parents", "text": "MYSORE: An eight-month-old girl child, who was rescued by KR Hospital security staff, is now reunited with her parents. Police said the child's parents were identified as Shekar and Lakshmi, labourers from Keeelangere at Kanakapura taluk in Ramanagara district.The kid went missing when they were travelling to Bangalore by train. While taking rest at Mysore railway station, the accused Jayamma, a middle-aged woman hailing from Mandya, allegedly kidnapped the child.However, the worried parents never approached police, but kept on searching for her. They noticed their child's photo displayed in newspapers and rushed to Devaraja police station where a case was registered against Jayamma on charges of kidnapping the child.The child, who was sent into the custody of the Child Welfare committee, a quasi-judicial body, was handed over to the parents by the committee after cross verification, police said. Jayamma had misguided the cops saying that the child was kidnapped from Mandya railway station. It is said the accused was in debt and hatched a plot to kidnap a child and make quick bucks. She had told police that she had no intention to sell the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "14255005", "title": "Five more kids die of AES in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Five more children died of acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) and an equal number of patients suffering from the same disease were admitted to SK Medical College Hospital (SKMCH) and Kejriwal Hospital here during the last 24 years.However, a further improvement in weather condition has reduced the number of AES patients in Muzaffarpur district. But there was no sign of improvement in the condition of patients undergoing treatment at the two hospitals. The lack of the right kind of medicines was adding to their problem. Doctors said it would be possible only after the experts diagnosed the disease. Members of the central team were still engaged in collecting blood samples of the patients and the doctors of primary health centres (PHCs) were assisting them in the job.A visit to the SKMCH and Kejriwal Hospital makes it clear that the parents of the ailing children are still panicky. Improvement in the weather condition has definitely given them hope.A few children were put to MRI test to identify the inner spots of disease but it failed to help the doctors in providing them a better treatment. The doctors are still helpless. The SKMCH superintendent, Dr G K Thakur, said the disease does not give enough time to the doctors to save the patients. Altogether 126 children suffering from AES have died at local hospitals so far. But unconfirmed sources put the death toll at 173 taking into account the deaths outside the hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14255440", "title": "Siblings use vacation to nature's cause", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: When rest of the children of their age are busy with their favorite pastimes during the summer vacation, these two children of Ghorabandha are spreading the message of peace and brotherhood on the canvas.For 10-year-old Rajashree and nine-year-old Shibajyoti Choudhury, this summer vacation has been very special. \"This is just a small contribution on our part to spread the message of tranquility, harmony and environment conservation,\" said Shibajyoti, Telco's Little Flower School student, following his successful week-long art exhibition on Sunday at Telco Officer's Club.Shibajyoti, who happened to stumble upon the chance to take part in the theme-based art competition while browsing the internet, said the meet was organized under the aegis of Peace Pals Art exhibition.Peace Pals International is a programme of The World Peace Prayer Society, New York which promotes the message of peace across the globe.The paintings put up for display contained one painting each from 68 countries across the world, all of which had been given shape and colour by children between the age of five to 16 years.Rajashree who has been named as an ambassador by Tunza eco-generation programme of the United Nations Environment Programme in India at her tender age has 17 reports on environmental conservation at Tunza's eco-generation website to her credit.\"Through our art, we have tried to tell the society environment conservation is equally important tool of non-violence and peace for sustainable growth and existence on the earth,\" said Rajashree.\"We can help to build our civilization to become one in which there is a harmonious balance between material and spiritual values,\" Rajashree said.Shibajyoti and Rajashree are the founders of the year-old Jharkhand Childrens' Green Club, which works for the environment conservation in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14251835", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to develop hockey stadium in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Passion for playing the national sport hockey in a proper stadium will be ignited soon after the development of world class hockey stadium near Kamla Nehru Zoo, said Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) would construct a hockey stadium on a 2.2 acre of land near the zoo, she said.Sports in-charge Ajay Naruka said that the proposal for the stadium will be prepared in a week and would be presented before mayor-in-council for the approval. Cost of project and other technicalities will be discussed in MiC meeting.This comes as a pleasure to the hockey players in city who have been complaining about the lack of infrastructure that forced them to keep their passion aside. Sunil Saxena, a hockey fan said that the lack of basic facilities discourage youngsters from taking up this sport. \"I gave up my passion for the same reason but establishment of the hockey stadium would hopefully infuse a fresh life of sport among the sportsmen,\" said Saxena now working as a software engineer.Another hockey lover Atul Rastogi remembers the time when MP had one of the best hockey teams but eventually the game died down in the state mainly due to lack of encouragement and infrastructure.President of hockey club, Tulsi Silawat said that Indore has produced few good hockey players like Niranjan Neggi. Now the state would have atleast one hockey stadium which might produce more of them.IMC has recently got an approval from state government for setting up a sport cell as well. Now a 35-member sport cell will start functioning with a class I sports officer, two assistant sports officers and 32 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14253257", "title": "Karnataka University vice chancellor replaces the clueless registrar", "text": "DHARWAD: In a dramatic turn of events Karnataka University vice chancellor H B Walikar on Monday relieved registrar (evaluation) J S Bhat from his responsibilities and appointed prof. Ninnekar of PG department of biotechnology as the in-charge registrar (evaluation).The sudden development took many by surprise and Bhat himself was caught off-guard as the announcement came during a media briefing by the VC on Monday. Bhat and registrar (administration) SB Hinchigeri, who had attended the academic council meeting, were sitting by the side of the VC during the media briefing. They were stunned when the VC announced that Bhat has been relieved and Ninnekar will take his place.Bhat later told the media that he had no clue about the development and would consult his legal advisor on the future course of action.Defending his spur-of-the-moment action, Walikar said his decision to relieve Bhat and appoint Ninnekar was in accordance with the order issued by the Karnataka High Court Circuit Bench (Dharwad) on Monday morning, the copy of which he had received just then. He said he was just following the court's direction.J S Bhat, professor in the department of physics in Karnatak University was appointed as the registrar (evaluation) two years ago during the regime of S K Saidapur as vice chancellor.After Saidapur's term ended, the university had filed a petition in the high court challenging the appointment of Bhat claiming that he had been appointed overlooking the seniority of others.Subsequently, Bhat had also approached the court and had managed to get a stay order from the high court which had barred the varsity from relieving him till May 30, 2012.In the meantime, the department of higher education had also sent a letter to the university to continue Bhat as registrar (evaluation) till further orders.On Monday the high court circuit bench took up the case and decreed that Bhat's appointment was against the norms and asked the vice chancellor to relieve Bhat from the post and appoint the senior professor as registrar (evaluation). The court has also directed the state government to appoint a suitable person as regular registrar (evaluation) for a period of two years before July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14257375", "title": "Anti-DV Sadananda Gowda camp is active again", "text": "BANGALORE: After a lull, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's camp has renewed its campaign to oust DV Sadananda Gowda and install rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar. The legislature's 60th-year celebrations on Monday turned out to be a regrouping event for the camp. Some MLAs reportedly restarted a signature campaign against Gowda and later held talks at Yeddyurappa's residence.Following the development, Gowda has cancelled his tour to Bijapur district on Tuesday. \"We want the CM to convene the legislature party meeting in three days because we have several issues to discuss,\" public works minister CM Udasi said . However , he denied there is any signature campaign. Another senior minister said regardless of the out come of Yeddyurappa's case in the courts , his camp will persist with Gowda's replacement . \"We have made this clear to party general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan and will convey the message to BJP president Nitin Gadkari ,\" he said.The Gowda-Eshwarappa camp is eyeing early elections in December after BJP bosses in New Delhi indicated that Karnataka will benefit if it goes to polls along with Gujarat in December . A senior leader said BJP higher-ups feel there is a pro-BJP wave in Narendra Modi's state , and Karnataka will gain from that . The bosses are said to have told that top leaders will campaign in Karnataka if both states go for elections at the same time . The BJP's victory in five of the six seats from teachers' and graduates' constituencies and the Upper House has come as a morale-booster for the BJP, which has been dogged by infighting .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250462", "title": "Five burglars arrested, Rs 7.5 lakh worth property seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: City police on Monday arrested five property offenders and recovered Rs 7.5 lakh worth property from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, Chilakalguda police nabbed K Saraswati of Warasiguda, Feroz Ali Khan of First Lancer and Mirza Akbar Baig of Rajendranagar at Secunderabad railway station on Sunday evening. During the interrogation, the trio confessed to having robbed a 70-year-old woman, Naga Ratnamma, at Warasiguda on June 11 and escaped with Rs 6 lakh worth jewellery from her.Based on the information given by them, police recovered the stolen property from their houses and produced them before the court on Monday.In another incident, Vanasthalipuram police nabbed two thieves, Mohammed Imran Khan of Tolichowki and Mohan Jagadeesh of Nampally, while they were moving suspiciously near parked vehicles at Auto Nagar on Sunday night. Police recovered 40 cellphones and other electronic goods worth Rs 1.5 lakh from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14255971", "title": "DEO guides teachers on Inspire Award scheme", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The district education officer (DEO) has provided guidelines for better implementation of Inspire Award scheme 2012-13 of the Union department of science and technology at the meeting hall of Nadia Hindu High School on Monday.\"The scheme is an endeavour to foster science leaders of tomorrow which must be joined by children studying in government or non-government schools from Classes VI to X under guidance of their teachers and guardians,\" said DEO Prem Prakash Jha. He was providing guidelines to teachers of various schools on filling up proposal forms to be submitted to his office by June 20.Inspire Award National Science Exhibition and Project will be held this year under the 12th Five Year Plan that will provide Rs 80,000 to the winners for completion of their BSc and MSc besides additional economical support for research works.The DEO expressed displeasure over poor attendance of the teachers and said all absent teachers would be served show-cause notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14257564", "title": "Honour killing: Man sets daughter on fire in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A 20-year-old girl was set on fire in the city on Monday by her father, who had a heated argument with her for insisting on getting married to her boyfriend. The victim died on the spot.Rubina Shaikh was allegedly set ablaze by her father Urhan at their house in Azad Nagar slums at Bhatar. The father sprinkled petrol on the victim after a heated argument and then threw a burning matchstick on her. Rubina was completely burnt within seconds.On witnessing smoke coming out of the house, neighbours rushed in and tried to help Rubina but were attacked by other family members of the victim.Police investigation revealed that Rubina was in love with one Javed Yusuf, who lived in the neighbourhood. Both had run away and lived together for sometime. Rubina's father asked her to return home and promised that he would get the two married. The couple returned home and Rubina started living with her parents again.However, Rubina's father refused to keep his promise. The issue was discussed several times in the family. Everyone in the family was opposed to Rubina's marriage with Javed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14256282", "title": "Vidhana Soudha: It\u2019s an icon of our power, pride", "text": "As the majestic Vidhana Soudha turns 60, veteran architects K Jaisim and Naresh Narasimhan talk about its engineering and style of architecture.\"The people who made the decision on the design of the edifice were the British Empire and the Maharajas of the princely state of Mysore. The architects, under the direction of the then divan and ministers-in-charge, reverted to the common practice of referring to history and the culture of their ingrained past, both immediate and ancient,\" said K Jaisim, veteran city-based architect and chief of Jaisim - Fountainhead, Architects, Planners, Engineers, Ecologists. Jaisim explained that the decision was to build a grand and supersized expression.\"Vidhana Soudha, when it was finished, sat in the midst of the most magnificent park in the city. It was built as the tallest structure with one of the biggest domes that Indian engineering could design . The style of the dome and columns reflect the Hoysala empire , one of the finest structures that existed in the Deccan then,\" said Jaisim.\"They wanted a modern building , which would go on to become the expression of unity and strength of the people of the then Mysore state. All elements of old monuments got incorporated in the architecture. It was designed as a symbol with which people of the state could identify. The Vidhana Soudha, to a large extent, has achieved it in its architecture and today, is certainly the monumental symbol of the aspirations and seat of people's power in the state and city. It is our pride,\" said Naresh Narasimhan, principal architect, Venkataramanan Associates - Architecture, Engineering, Interiors.What one sees today draws the masses in awe to its majestic structure. Not just tourists, engineers and architects too are amazed at its brilliance.\"To add to its myth, it has a pretentious twin in the Vikasa Soudha. Together, they surely make the power of governance felt,\" said Jaisim.5 RED-LETTER DAYS1962: Former president S Radhakrishnan unveiled portrait of Mahatma Gandhi in assembly hall1986: SAARC Summit2002: All India Speakers' Conference2005: Address of joint session of assembly and council by then President APJ Kalam2012: Diamond jubilee celebrations of assembly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "14254845", "title": "\u2018Rapist\u2019 French envoy can be held, cops await letter", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Having messed up the investigation into the alleged rape of the four-year-old girl by her French diplomat father, the Bangalore Police on Monday refused to arrest the man despite the French embassy in New Delhi stating that Pascal Mezuier, the accused, did not enjoy diplomatic immunity.French embassy in New Delhi confirmed that Mezuier (39), deputy head of chancery in the French consulate in Bangalore and accused of raping his daughter by his wife, does not hold a diplomatic passport, but the police here said it's waiting for a written statement from the ministry of external affairs on Pascal's status before arresting him.Just how badly the investigation has been botched up was evident when Bangalore Police said it's still waiting for the results of the tests conducted by Bowring Hospital on the child to establish abuse, whereas Karnataka's medical education minister SA Ramdas asserted that neither the girl nor her father had so far been subjected to any medical test.This when a team of doctors at the Baptist Hospital examining the child confirmed physical abuse and forced sexual intercourse. The team made at least 15 remarks in the report about injuries on the child's private parts and physical abuse. This was on Friday, after the child's mother, Suja Jones Mazurier, suspected she was raped by her father earlier in the afternoon, and took her to Baptist Hospital.But the police want confirmation of abuse from government-run Bowring hospital where, according to minister Ramdas, no such test has taken place.When TOI asked Ramdas over phone on the delay in releasing the test reports by Bowring Hospital, he said, \"Police brought the child to Bowring Hospital only to register a medico-legal case. No tests were conducted. So there is no question of any report to be given by the hospital. The tests were performed at the Bangalore Baptist Hospital and those reports stand.\"Following a complaint from Suja on Thursday, cops registered a case against Mazurier under Section 376 of IPC but did not arrest him, first saying he may have diplomatic immunity, then seeking the confirmation that he does not, in writing. Sources in the French embassy said they have received the letter from Bangalore police to this effect and will send a reply soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256284", "title": "AMRI Hospital may be ready in 2 months", "text": "KOLKATA: The main building of the ill-fated AMRI Hospital in Dhakuria could be ready to operate in two months following an extensive renovation work, which is now under way. The hospital has sought an inspection by the fire department as a first step to the direction. Safety measures, especially fire-prevention arrangements at the five-storey building, are being spruced up.A new flame detection system is being installed along with fire-proof doors that can keep entire floors safe even after a major blaze occurs. The health department has no plans to check the progress of the renovation, though. It will not consider withdrawing the prohibitory order slapped on the main building either, till the work is complete, according to a health official. The annexe building of the hospital had its license taken away after a devastating fire which claimed 91 lives on December 9, 2011.A central fire detection system is being installed on the ground floor of the Dhakuria main building. It will be connected to automatic smoke and fire detectors on each floor. Once a fire breaks out, the detectors will catch the signal and transmit it to the central detection unit on the ground floor. It will also indicate the exact location of the fire. \"This will help security personnel rush to the source of the fire without wasting time searching for it. It's a major innovation that we are introducing and should help tackle emergencies in future,\" said a senior AMRI official.Each of the five floors of the hospital is being fitted with fire-proof doors. These can prevent flames from sneaking through them and spread to the rest of the floor. \"The doors can hold a fire up to five hours which is sufficient time to get the flames doused. In the case of a December-like fire, these will make sure that none of the other floors are affected. They are so secure that patients will not even come to know that a fire is raging outside. We will have elaborate arrangements to evacuate patients, though,\" the official added.Sprinklers are being installed on the floors as well to help douse flames faster. The hospital's Salt Lake unit, too, will have identical safety arrangements including a fire detection system and fire-proof doors. While the renovation started simultaneously at both hospitals about four months ago, the Dhakuria building could be ready first.\"We are making sure that whatever the fire department had recommended for AMRI, Salt Lake is put in place. A lot of work had to be done. While the major portion is done, quite a bit remains incomplete. It should be completed in the next two months,\" said T S Kuckreja, president, AMRI, Salt Lake. Both hospital buildings will now have their basements cleared up along with a new water pipeline system. The Dhakuria fire had started from the basement.The health department, on the other hand, said it was not yet considering either an inspection of the hospital or a review of the decision to give AMRI a license to operate. \"It's still too early to consider a review. Only the chief minister can take a decision on this,\" said a health official.The final phase of the renovation work will commence after a fire safety inspection has been done, said a hospital spokesperson. \"We need to know if we are on the right track so far as the safety measures are concerned. Once the fire department confirms that, we shall wrap up the rest of the work,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253529", "title": "2 minors raped in Bassi, Dausa areas", "text": "JAIPUR: Two minor girls were 'raped' in separate incidents in the Bassi and Dausa areas of the state during wee hours on Monday.The 16-year-old victim who hails from Manpur village of Dausa district came out of the courtyard of her house to attend to nature's call early on Monday. A youth identified as Jeetu (22) and his aide were already hiding in the bushes. They forcibly covered the girl's mouth with a cotton cloth and put her on their bike and fled the scene, the police said.\"The girl was taken to an isolated place at Adepura area, nearly 10 kms from her village, where she was allegedly raped by the two youths. Her parents, after realizing that she has gone missing , raised an alarm and informed the police,\" said a senior police officer.A massive hunt to trace the girl was launched. At 6 in the morning, she was found lying unconscious near a nullah at Adepura village.\"The girl was admitted to a hospital in Sikarai village. After regaining senses, the girl narrated the chain of events to her parents and the police. She said she was abducted and raped by two youths,\" said a senior police officer with Dausa police.Based on her allegations, a case of abduction and rape has been registered at the Manpur police station and search for the accused is on.In another incident, a 13-year old girl studying in Class 8 was abducted and allegedly raped by a man whom she called uncle in the Bassi village in the outskirts of Jaipur.The incident occurred on June 8 when the accused Ramratan Meena took the girl to an isolated place and raped her. The girl stayed mum for many days before breaking her silence on Sunday. A case of rape against Meena has been registered at Bassi police station. \"Teams have been sent to various places and we are raiding shis possible hideouts,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14252137", "title": "Euro 2012: Finding Neverland: No points, no style", "text": "It is often said that one of the most famous half-time talks in recent times came in the Dutch dressing room during the break in the World Cup quarterfinal against Brazil in 2010.Euro 2012: Points Table | Results | ScheduleDown a goal by Robinho and Brazil looking very much in control, coach Bert van Marwijk instilled such belief in his men that they went out and turned it into a famous victory - little Wesley Sneijder dictating play in his happy, ferret-like manner.When it was again needed the most, this time against Portugal on Sunday night, it is possible that Van Marwijk ran out of words. Why? Like the Dutch themselves, this too will remain an eternal mystery.The Netherlands, foremost provider of footballing ideas in the modern game, ran out of ideas when they themselves needed it the most. It is not as if the Dutch haven't lost to the Portuguese earlier - the Euro 2004 semifinal and the infamous '16 bookings and four red cards' defeat at the World Cup two years later, also came against the Iberians. But Sunday's clash, far from ending up as the classic that it promised, instead threw up some uncomfortable truths.Just when you thought Dutch football teams had moved on from being afflicted from a lack of inner belief, it returned to haunt them. And, just as crucially, a lack of creativity of what to do next with the ball when you finally managed to find it in your possession. Who would have ever thought that the Dutch, otherwise brimming with ideas and opinion, would be at a collective loss?Four years ago at the Euro, the Dutch were providing some of the greatest exhibitions of scoring on the break, when Rafael van der Vaart and Sneijder combined with a skip in their step and murder on their minds to blow the then world champions Italy and France off the map.That breathtaking show of attacking football at full tilt was in total contrast to the technical finesse and control showed by Spain, a team which liked to keep the ball, play it around and then go for the kill.Even though they most inexplicably lost to Russia, it immediately set the tenor for a rivalry of high-calibre and great class. The Netherlands vs Spaniards is a rivalry to excite the purists and as the two teams eventually met in the final of the World Cup two years on, it looked like things were actually coming full circle.Instead, what followed was a skirmish in the garb of a World Cup final. Was it years of feeling inferior suddenly showing up at the worst possible time?There is no doubt, that on their day, the Dutch can still take your breath away, but then they are also a shrink's delight, something which playing in the world's leagues still cannot cure. Is it one of those things that no one - not even India's new football coach, the Dutchman Wim Koevermans - can explain?It is possible that the Dutch may have reached the end of a cycle but it is not as if this current team is ageing. The current generation of players led by Van De Vaart, Sneijder and their excellent goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg is yet to reach the peak.The average age hovers not above the 27s and the 28s. So, what caused this sudden implosion is baffling.Even if it was amply clear that to bow to petulance and start with Huntelaar, relegate Robin Van Persie to the deep and persist with Robben along the wing, would prove suicidal, the Dutch enigma goes beyond mere team formations.Seldom have you seen momentum in top-flight sport shift so discernibly as it did after the Dutch took the lead against Portugal on Sunday. And never since the time they were so supremely reborn under Ruud Gullit , Marco Van Basten and Frank Rijkaard in 1988, have the Dutch looked so out of depth as they did when allowing Ronaldo power past them to turn it into a no-contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263605", "title": "It's all about the challenge", "text": "The first Indian to have completed the Polar Trilogy - having skied to North and South Pole and across Greenland Icecap - Ajeet Bajaj had the proud privilege of unfurling the Indian flag at the South Pole on Republic Day (January 26, 2007). \"It's all about the challenge. Why else would one climb a mountain or freeze in the ice?\" says Bajaj, managing director of Snow Leopard Adventures. The honorary director of Himalayan Environmental Trust and a fellow, Royal Geographical Society, Bajaj was awarded the Padma Shri in March 2012, for his contribution to adventure sports.Introduced to the outdoors at an early age by his father, he pursued his passion for travelling and adventure through school and college. On completing his graduation from St Stephen's College, he decided to take a year off and travel six countries working, trekking, rafting and also taking instructor courses in adventure sports. On returning to India, Bajaj decided to follow his heart and set up Snow Leopard Adventures, the first ISO certified company for adventure tourism. In 1990, no one had heard about adventure tourism but my family was very supportive. I consider myself lucky to get the opportunity to turn my hobby into a profession, he says.He adds, In this profession, you need to know your subject well and be willing to work hard. You also need the business acumen to start and manage an enterprise and develop a certain mindset which can drive you through tough times. Bajaj also skied across Greenland, from the West to East coast, a distance of 550 kms, with his 17-year-old daughter (see photo), as part of an Indo-American team last year. According to Bajaj, \"Gone are the days when the sector was in its nascent stage; now it's all about the boom. India can lead the race in adventure tourism because it works as a onestop destination for adventure seekers as it has varied landscapes. Even Indians are seeking adventure and a break from the mundane, and form two-third of our client base. He feels there is a need for more institutions to provide quality training and professional development.\"A part of the company's vision is to work with schools. Reiterating the importance of making children value the outdoors, Bajaj says the school programmes are a blend of cultural immersion, leadership values, bonding with nature and adventure sports. Recently, the company tied up with the Shri Ram School and Aspen Institute India on summer leadership programme.The two-week residential programme for students of classes IX-XII will enable students to develop skills to become leaders of tomorrow, to enlighten within them a desire to move from thought to action and from success to significance, he elaborates.The programme, to be held from May 26 to June 9, is open to all children across India and will have an intake of 50 students. It will take place at a camp-site close to Rishikesh, near the Ganges. The programme will use a blend of Socratic dialogue, experiential learning, motivational lectures, adventure sports and other activities, he adds.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255800", "title": "MADA staff stir continues", "text": "RANCHI: Strike by 1800 employees of the Mines Area development Authority (MADA) continued in Dhanbad on Monday as the talks between the MADA authorities and the employees union failed. Alok Trivedi, managing director of MADA, had called the employees for talks on Monday afternoon. After an hour-long discussion, the negotiations failed and the management asked for more time to discuss their demands.MADA employees' union general secretary Lakshman Prasad said the employees were not getting their salaries for the last 18 months and their families were starving. They have no alternative but to go on strike. MADA is responsible for supplying drinking water in the mines bearing areas of Dhanbad and Jharia townships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264048", "title": "Shiv to Anandi\u2019s rescue once again in Balika Vadhu!", "text": "Once before on Balika Vadhu, Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla) came to Anandi's ( Pratyusha Banerjee) rescue when her horse went haywire and for the first time, the two were introduced to one another.And now, Jaitsar's sarpanch is in trouble again! When Anandi notices that Jyoti has been absent from her school, she sets out to look for the girl. To her utter dismay, Jyoti's parents are getting the child married. Anandi tries to stop the marriage and reaches the nearby village where Jyoti is has been taken. But Anandi has no say in the matter as she does not belong to that village. Dadisa (Surekha Sikri) and Bhairon ( Anup Soni) also accompany Anandi but the two of them are held captive and Anandi is ill treated.And Shiv being the hero that is, comes to their rescue and saves Anandi, dadisa and Bhairon. Sources inform that this sequence will mark the beginning of a romance between Anandi and Shiv.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251319", "title": "Dhavalikar baits CM over Sena", "text": "PANAJI: The not so cordial relations between PWD minister Ramkrishna Sudin Dhavalikar and chief minister Manohar Parrikar saw the former bait the latter into ensuring that the Shri Ram Sena does not set up a branch in Goa.Dhavalikar said he would ensure the same, while speaking at the inauguration of the beautification of a promenade at Calangute, on the occasion of local MLA Michael Lobo's birthday, on Monday.Sources said Dhavalikar is miffed at not being consulted by the CM over the decision to suspend three PWD officers following the suicide of contractor V Harmalkar.Sources told TOI that the CM has now declined to order the suspension of the three officers and they might be transferred instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14251460", "title": "Fugitive Hitler back in police net", "text": "MARGAO: Following an extensive combing operation in the jungles of Kalay in Sanguem taluka, that lasted well into the night on Sunday, the South Goa police nabbed the fugitive Hitler Rosario Fernandes, 38, a convicted accused, who had escaped from the Sada jail, Vasco, along with two other prisoners, in August 2010, and has been on the run ever since.Of the three, Fernandes and Seby Ferrao were serving time in prison in two murder cases, while Abhijit Patil was an undertrial prisoner accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend. They had made good their escape from the jail by drilling a hole in a toilet. While Patil was later nabbed, Ferrao is still at large, police sources said.Incidentally, both Fernandes and Ferrao have a history of jailbreaks, police sources informed TOI.Fernandes, serving a life sentence for murder had earlier escaped from Sada sub-jail and went on to kill another woman at Joida in Karwar before being nabbed again. Ferrao was among the 12 inmates who had run away from Margao sub jail in 2008.DySP Mahesh Gaonkar, who supervised the operation, said that the exercise involved concerted efforts by police teams from Curchorem, Quepem and Sanguem police stations.\"We were tipped off at around 2pm on Sunday about Hitler being sighted near his house at Kalay riding a motorcycle. We soon sent a team of plainclothes policemen to his house but he could not be found. Later, at around 5pm we received confirmed information that Hitler had come to his house and that he was drunk,\" Gaonkar said, adding that he along with a team of policemen from Curchorem, Quepem and Sanguem police stations rushed to Kalay.After making certain that Hitler was holed up inside, the police raided the house.Fernandes put up stiff resistance, and even tried to attack the police with a koita (sickle), but was soon overpowered by the cops and arrested. The exercise ended well past 11pm.Police sources informed TOI that Hitler's house was under the police radar, as Hitler was known to be attached to his ailing mother and the cops were certain that he would visit her.\"Hitler was taking shelter at various places in Karnataka. However, for the past three days, his movements were traced to the jungles in Kalay,\" PI Sidhant Shirodkar, who led the team of Curchorem police in the combing operation, told TOI.Fernandes was on Monday remanded back to judicial custody, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14257118", "title": "Dhumal Cabinet makes e-declaration of VAT compulsory", "text": "SHIMLA: Amending the VAT rules, a cabinet meeting on Monday decided to make e-declaration compulsory even as it amended goods entry terms so as to restrict its misuse and approved handing out two parking-cum-commercial complexes on public private partnership (PPP).Presided over by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , the cabinet gave its nod to amend HP VAT Rules, 2005 and make e-declaration for certain class of dealers compulsory before dispatch of taxable goods in intra-state transactions.The cabinet also amended Schedule-II of HP Tax on Entry of Goods Into Local Area Act, 2010 for a clearer demarcation and to avoid its misuse by industry.The cabinet approved two built-up parking spaces with a commercial complex at Vikasnagar in Shimla and Mandi town to be let out on PPP mode. To create parking spaces in the capital, three such parking-cum-commercial complexes are already under construction under the PPP model.Other cabinet decisions included relaxing of the construction period of small hydro-electric projects, providing land on lease to HPMC, a state owned company, at Nadaun for setting up a vegetable packing house. It also approved shifting of an IPH sub-division with posts from Una to Jhalera.The cabinet gave its nod for issuing essentiality certificate to Kalgidhar Trust, Baru Sahib, Rajgarh in Sirmour district for opening Akal Institute of Medical Education and Research in which 50% seats would be availed by those who qualify under HP PMT merit examination.The cabinet also approved launch of Atal Adarsh Gram Puruskar Yojna, wherein panchayats to be given cash awards from Rs 5 lakh to 20 lakh for implementation of developmental schemes from sub-division to district level.Medical allowances for employees and pensioners, travelling allowances for health supervisors and salaries of computer operators with MNREGA were also raised by the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254582", "title": "2G scam: JPC set for stormy meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The joint parliamentary committee (JPC) on telecom might be set for a stormy meeting on Tuesday with Opposition members expected to insist the panel probing the 2G scam and other issues be allowed to examine political witnesses and top PMO officials.Opposition MPs are likely to oppose JPC chairperson P C Chacko's moves to wrap up proceedings and plan to press for the examination of witnesses like former telecom ministers A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran apart from Prime Minister's principal secretary Pulok Chatterjee and adviser T K A Nair.While Chacko feels relevant witnesses have been examined and the committee only needs to recall CBI, law and finance ministry officials for a final hearing, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has submitted a list of witnesses that includes political figures.The JPC chairperson is believed to be open about calling former telecom secretary Sidharth Behura, who was jailed along with Raja. But Raja is keen to appear before the committee and has the support of his party DMK in doing so, while Congress does not favour such a development.The polarized politics over the 2G scam are likely to be reflected in the committee's proceedings as Opposition MPs press for an examination of Raja and PMO brass, while Congress members can be expected to demand former BJP ministers be summoned too.A compromise might mean the committee examines some political witnesses and these could include some NDA figures. Some MPs on the panel also feel industrialists, who were in jail for their alleged roles in the scam, should be called for questioning too.Interest in the JPC has dwindled after the Supreme Court ruling cancelling tainted licences awarded when Raja was the telecom minister, but the Opposition wants to ensure that the versions of some key players be placed on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14253817", "title": "Tech snag, weather ground Air India flight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Air India's infamous flight between Delhi and Ludhiana was cancelled on Monday morning with officials citing technical fault and bad weather conditions as the cause. The flight was cancelled on Friday too.Sources said there was uncertainty on whether the flight would land and take off as the aircraft had developed some technical fault in Kullu. The dust storm and light drizzle nullified chances of the flight's landing, forcing AI to cancel it.Manager with Air India at Sahnewal Airport, Amrik Singh said, \"We cancelled the flight due to operational reasons, plus the weather was also not very good. We waited for the directions from higher officials for over an hour and later announced the development.\"Sources said AI sends the same aircraft to around three airports and before coming to Sahnewal airport it goes to Kullu. On Monday morning the aircraft was in Kullu around 10am when a snag was detected in it.Initially, the technical staff tried fixing the fault but they were unable to correct it and officials at Sahnewal airport were not clear whether they would be able to make the flight operational, once it arrives here, considering the bad weather. Around 11am the officials received a message following which the flight was cancelled for Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14261094", "title": "Law as a career option", "text": "University School of Law and Legal Studies of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU), has introduced two new papers on sociology and history in their Bachelor of Laws (Honours) programme, which is a five-year integrated law degree programme from this academic session.The reason behind introducing these new papers, according to D K Bandyopadhyay, VC, GGSIPU, is for young lawyers to make fair decisions. He says, \"Today, people in our society deal with a number of problems in their day-to-day lives and sometime seek courts help in solving them. However, today's lawyers and judges dont have an in-depth understanding of the cases. With these add-on papers, our student lawyers will learn to understand the context of every problem and make fair judgments.\"The university has also increased the total number of seats for the BA LLB course. This year there are 120 seats as compared to 60 seats till last year. Bandyopadhyay says, It is because of the rising popularity of the course among students, which has increased its demand and, therefore, we have doubled the seats this year onwards. Also, the number of applications we receive for the course is around 12,000 every year.Because of the popularity of the course, the university has also introduced two new programmes in law at the Masters level. These are, LLM in cyber law and intellectual property right (IPR) programme.To be eligible for the course, students need to have cleared +2 with a minimum of 50% marks. There is also an entrance test conducted by the university. The fee for the course is Rs 53,000 per annum.Talking about job opportunities, Bandyopadhyay says the field opens a lot of avenues in terms of career for students. They can join the judicial services, corporate firms and can even opt for teaching.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14250296", "title": "Suspected poachers remanded to magisterial custody", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials investigating the Borda tiger poaching case failed to obtain any concrete evidence about poaching from the five suspects during their forest custody remand. As their FCR ended on Monday, they were remanded to magisterial custody for a week by the court.Five accused poachers were arrested on June 15 on suspicion of their involvement in poaching a tiger whose carcass was found chopped into 11 pieces without head and paws at Borda jungle under Chandrapur forest range. Accused Mengorao Todase, his son Prakash Todase, Swarup Talande, Rambhau Gawde and Ashok Gawde belonged to village Ghanta Chouki and were connected to FDCM as waterhole watchers and casual labourers. Forest officers had managed to recover a bunch of wire snares and some antlers from the accused, but the investigators failed to get any concrete proof of their involvement in tiger poaching.Officers were hoping to gain clues about weapons used to chop the tiger, its missing body parts and other accomplices involved in the poaching. Sources claimed that the accused remained mute over the poaching and continued with evasive answers about closure of waterhole. After their FCR ended on Monday, all of them were produced before the court which sent them into magisterial custody till next Monday. Court will decide over the bail of the accused during next hearing, forest department sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14253453", "title": "Redefining quality education", "text": "Education is a dynamic, continually evolving concept that keeps adapting to the changes around it. Likewise, the methodology used in teaching is equally transitory in nature and demands contemporary approaches too.We educationists have to imbibe the essence of the evolutionary character of education in our academic curriculum, empowering students to create a learning process that is experiential, effective and thoroughly impactful.Careful and deliberate effort over the last three decades have put in place a set of practices within our institutions that provide the most engaging opportunities for the students to acquire competencies and skills. This enables them to be fully equipped for the challenges now emerging in our global community.In this age of information overload, it is important for the schools in general and teachers in particular to trickle down and share information that has relevance in terms of developing specific employable skills. When the educators and administrative leaders in our country's schools strictly and whole-heartedly dedicate themselves to implement guidelines for themselves and for the students in their realm of responsibility, the children grow up in an environment where they are more than able to develop holistic capabilities.One can foresee a drastic turnaround in the way classroom education will be made available in the next few years. The dependence on the already popular teaching aid - technology will soon become an indispensable tool that will offer more flexibility to the students and the teachers. The traditional classroom set-up is fast being replaced by methods that encourage greater participation and interaction between the students and the teachers. With such a set-up in the offing, education will never remain confined to mere information but will be an experience that touches lives forever.In order to redefine quality education, schools need to blend high value deliveries with modern learning tools to ensure that each institution has a safe, healthy, energizing, intellectually challenging, and joyful learning environment. The pedagogical fraternity needs to be committed to engage students in active, collaborative and technology-based learning methodologies to develop formative and summative assessments of student progress and learning.As educators, it is our mission to facilitate the development of global citizens - individuals with self-confidence who are able to contribute to community life, to build tolerance, and to be accountable. Additionally, they should be capable of dealing with intellectual, emotional and spiritual platforms constructively. A constant introspection of our teaching methodology and curriculum can go a long way in making our learning process more relevant and dynamic in the wake of changing times. Educators at all levels must personally and professionally take on the vital task of equipping our students to face every challenge and use every opportunity as they become effective and productive global citizens and leaders of tomorrow.-- Grace Pinto, managing director, Ryan International Group of Institutions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249755", "title": "Traffic regulated for Ambubachi mela", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati traffic police on Monday announced restrictions on vehicular movement from Thursday to Wednesday next in view of the Ambubachi mela at Kamakhya temple starting June 22.City SP (Traffic) Bibekananda Das said the movement of inter-district and long-distance buses, including ASTC buses, on DG Road, MG Road and TR Phukan Road, will be restricted in view of the confluence of thousands of devotees in Nilachal hills, where Kamakhya temple is situated. During the same period, movement of all goods-carrying heavy and medium commercial vehicles, except those allowed by the authorities from Maligaon to Bharalumukh on DG Road, will be restricted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250401", "title": "Haj pilgrims feel the pinch of fare hike", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Haj quota for the state may have been enhanced this year but a large number of pilgrims eager to perform the ritual are now cancelling their trips to Mecca due to a steep hike in fare by around Rs 35,000. The total cost is likely to touch Rs 1.45 lakh as against Rs 1.07 lakh last year.State Haj Committee officials said that those opting for the economical Azizia category would be the worst affected since an increase of even Rs 1,000 would affect them severely. Azizia and Green are the two categories announced by the SHC. Many pilgrims from the lower and lower-middle classes opt for the Azizia category. They are given accommodation located around 5 km from the holy mosque where as the pilgrims in Green category pay extra and get accommodation close to the mosque.SHC officials confirmed the increase and described it as a 'crisis situation for poor pilgrims'. They pointed out that the largest affected would be from the lower-middle class and middle class Haj hopefuls who have been saving money over several years to make the pilgrimage. Pilgrims are in a fix as both SHC officials and Islamic scholars say that taking a loan for performing Haj is in direct contravention with the principles of Islam.Officials from the SHC said that the Central Haj Committee would declare the amount that has to be paid as second and final installment within a week.Further, there are concerns put across by pilgrims at the bottom of the waiting list and those unlikely to be selected by the SHC that private Haj operators may hike their fares. In 2011, private operators charged around Rs 2,10,000 and operators indicated an additional Rs 50,000 this time.S A Rehman, a Haj hopeful from Tappachabutra, said that the fares are making him rethink his pilgrimage. \"I was very happy after being selected. But finding that the rates have been increased, I am thinking of withdrawing the first installment of Rs 51,000. My son works as a clerk in Jeddah. He is trying his best to arrange for funds, but it is difficult,\" he said.Private Haj operators agreed that gloom among pilgrims could affect their business. Farooq Ali Husami of Husamia Haj Operators said, \"There is indeed a strong concern among pilgrims. While no bookings have been made yet, things already seem difficult. If the Umrah (smaller pilgrimage to Mecca) rate for Ramzan this year is already Rs 1,02,000, just imagine the rates for Haj.\" Another travel agent Mohammed Adeeb from Link Travels too noted that pilgrims have been feeling the pinch.The SHC is in damage control mode and is looking at other cost-effective models of sending Haj pilgrims, such as the one in Malaysia. Syed Khaleeluddin Ahmed, SHC chairman, said, \"There is indeed fear among the pilgrims. We are worried that a lot of poor pilgrims will not be able to go to Mecca due to the increase in fare. The Saudi riyal is at Rs 15.23 today. Food and travel within the Kingdom would be unaffordable for them. Further, the airport user fee of Rs 1,800 too can cause trouble. We have written to the authorities to waive 50 per cent of these charges. We are looking at ways to help them as best as we can. There is a conference in New Delhi tomorrow which aims to look at the Malaysian model. We are trying to understand how points from this model can be adopted to benefit pilgrims.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254915", "title": "High courts cannot frame question papers: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday frowned at the Rajasthan high court's attempt to reframe questions in Rajasthan Judicial Services (RJS) Preliminary Examination, 2011, and said a HC could not substitute its views with that of the Public Services Commission (PSC) that is tasked with the conduct of screening tests.A bench of Justices H L Gokhale and Ranjana P Desai found that the HC had made substantial changes in the question paper on the complaint of a PIL that many questions were wrong. \"If a PIL petitioner goes to High Court, can the HC and the PSC reach an agreement to reframe the question paper?\" the bench asked.It said the only option appears to be a fresh examination and asked the Rajasthan PSC, which had conducted the preliminary examination, to file its response within three weeks. It also stayed the main examination scheduled for June 30, which was to be taken by candidates who had cleared the preliminary test.The HC had ordered the PSC to reject 12 questions and change the optional answer for 14 questions, take expert's advice regarding two language papers and follow the norms about 70% questions from legal subjects and the rest (30%) to test language skills.Appearing for some of the candidates, senior advocate R Venkataramani said one of the options was to conduct a fresh preliminary examination since a large number of discrepancies in the question paper was detected by the HC.Senior advocate Raju Ramachandran said the PSC had appointed an expert committee, which had directed deletion of 14 questions. But, the HC on the suggestion of amicus curiae deleted/changed additional questions. \"There was no occasion for the HC to seek the opinion of an advocate, howsoever eminent he was, for his personal views,\" he said.The apex court rejected a suggestion to conduct fresh preliminary examination only for those candidates who had not cleared the test that was under challenge. \"The examination has to be one and same for all candidates,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263242", "title": "KK's live in concert", "text": "The livewire performer, singer KK loves to rev up the energy while on stage. Little wonder then that this immensely talented singer is popularly in demand for live performances. \"In live performances people are out just to have fun. So, the ambience is full of enthusiasm which instantly lifts my energy. The dynamism while performing live is unmatchable. It's beyond just Bollywood music as lots of experimentation happens on stage,\" said KK who was in city for a concert on Saturday. KK shot to fame with his first solo album 'Pal' in 2000 and fetched him the prestigious screen award for best singer, followed by another album in 2008, where his son also pitched in a few lines. \"Singing with son was pure fun. While recording the song the crew present in the studio really admired his singing. It feels great to see your son doing well in your field,\" he smiled. While KK remains a background Bollywood singer on priority for many directors, personally, solo albums are more gratifying for him. But he also added, \"Popularity wise certainly Bollywood is important, also since you get to work with different music directors so you grow.\" Though KK too had been part of a music reality show, he doesn't intend returning to the platform. \"I had put down the idea of returning to small screen ever after that show as there's nothing real about these shows. It's all about fun only,\" he said, \"But I think it's a good platform for budding talent in India that needs to be recognized.\" The singer who credits his singing talent to his mom and grandma who was a music teacher is lending his voice to crucial forthcoming films like, \" Krishh 2 \", \" Jism 2 \", \" Shiri Farhad Ki Nikal Padi \" and Sanjay Leela Bhansali's next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251383", "title": "Flesh found in pit a fetus?", "text": "PUNE: A mass of flesh resembling an aborted underdeveloped foetus was found by a labourer while widening a pit to construct a compound wall in Kothrud on Monday.Police have sent it for medical examination to Sassoon Hospital to ascertain whether it is a human foetus. The report is expected in two days.\"We cannot say whether it is a foetus or some animal. We have sent it to Sassoon Hospital from where it would be sent to the forensic laboratory for further examination. The next action depends on the medical report,\" said police inspector S B Navale of Kothrud police station.Site labourer Gokul Rathod was the first to spot it. A pit had been dug to raise a pillar to support the compound wall of the civic body-run Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Vidyamandir located on Paud phata.\"The mass of flesh spilled out from beneath a stone after we had dug a deeper two and a half feet pit. It got cut into two or three pieces in the process. When I found the parts, I immediately told the school employee who in turn informed the police and Pune Municipal Corporation officials,\" Rathod said.An official from the civic health department said, \"It is difficult to say anything from the appearance and premature to say if it is an aborted human foetus. We will wait for the medical report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14253479", "title": "Hubli Electricity Supply Company officials lock horns over 'power'", "text": "HUBLI: When people of the twin cities are reeling under irregular power supply and blaming the Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) for their plight, two Hescom officials locked horns over the holding of the post of financial adviser on Monday.It was high drama at the Hubli office involving the incumbent financial adviser, Hescom, R R Joshi and the new appointee to the post, Suresh Teradal.According to sources, the government transferred R R Joshi, financial adviser, Hescom, Hubli, to Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company (Gescom), Gulbarga, on June 8 as financial advisor with immediate effect. On the same day, the government also transferred Suresh Teradal, financial advier of Gescom to Hescom with immediate effect.Suresh Teradal was relieved from his duty in Gescom on June 13 and came to Hescom to take charge as the new financial advisor. He decided to assume office on Monday reportedly at the instruction of managing director of Hescom.Much to the chagrin of Teradal, incumbent financial advisor Joshi reportedly refused to hand over the charge to him. A visibly vexed Teradal sat and waited for hours in the same office while Joshi continued to do his work.Joshi told TOI that he was not instructed by the Hescom MD to hand over charge to Terdal, the new appointee.However, Terdal said, \"The MD clearly instructed me to take charge. But when I came to office, Joshi refused to give his chair. Even after I showed the government order, I was not allowed to work in the capacity of financial adviser.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14265183", "title": "Shahid, Priyanka promote 'Teri Meri Kahaani'", "text": "With just three days to go for the premier of the Bollywood flick Teri Meri Kahani, actors Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra spent some time in Bangalore promoting the movie.Teri Meri Kahaani is a triple-treat tale of love and romance, which weaves three stories spanning over different eras into one single flick.Kapoor and Chopra, who were romantically linked in the past, essay roles in three periods -1910, 1960 and 2012.Chopra said the movie was about soul mates, with the same two people falling in love with each other again and again.\"Shahid and I both play three characters in the film. The film is three love stories, which happened in three eras-one is 1910, 1960 and 2012. So, its basically its not about reincarnation, nobody dies or nobody realizes that I have met you in past life none of that but its just three love stories which happen to the same two people. So, you can call it story of love soul mates,\" Chopra told reporters while interacting with them.The stunning pair has also starred together in Kaminey, which was released in 2009.Chopra added that her three characters were entirely different from each other and that she loved them all.\"I play Aradhana, which is a Sikh girl, a daughter of a freedom fighter in 1910. In 1960, I play a superstar who is an actress in the golden era of cinema and she is from small city of Lucknow. In 2012, I play girl who goes to university and she is pretty much like me and that's Radha. All three characters are tremendously different from each other,\" said Chopra.The movie begins in a small village outside Lahore in 1910 and ends in England in 2013. In between the story also takes a trip to the heart of the groovy film industry of Bombay in 1960.Kunal Kohli , who gave blockbuster film like Hum Tum , which was a treat to watch and thrilled the country's youth, directs the film.Sajid Wajid, which is already topping the charts, composes the music of the film and the lyrics are by Parsoon Joshi.The movie will be released on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249632", "title": "Outstation students face hostel blues", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati is the educational hub of the entire northeast but lack of enough hostels is forcing many outstation students to seek private accommodation or head back home.With hostel seats being limited, colleges allot seats on the basis of marks, which leaves the less meritorious students with no option but to opt for paying guest accommodation, private hostels and rented flats, which burn a hole in their pockets.Often, even those fortunate enough to get hostel accommodation go in for alternate arrangements if they can afford it because of the crammed space and dilapidated condition of some of the reputed colleges' hostels that date back to more than 50 years. Meanwhile, students from economically-weak backgrounds end up spending their college life within the confinement of the old, dilapidated hostels which are barely livable.\"I am from Digboi and have applied to both Handique and Cotton College. I am decided that I will be staying in a PG accommodation,\" said Mritanjali Chakraborti. Asked why she doesn't want to stay in the college hostel, she added, \"I want to be in an environment that has fewer restrictions and, besides, the hostel rooms are dilapidated and uncomfortable.\"Similarly Bibedita Baitchury, Nita Borah and Nuri Gogoi, a group of girls from Margherita in Upper Assam trying their luck in various colleges, said, \"We all have applied to Handique, Cotton and B Barooah colleges as we want to keep our options open. We want to stay in a rented flat as the three of us want to stay together. Hostel accommodations are very limited and the buildings are very old and run down; besides, the food and time constraints are a problem as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14260717", "title": "Kullu to witness symbolic human sacrifice on July 2", "text": "SHIMLA: On July 2, thousands of devotees from different parts of Kullu district would assemble at Diyar village to celebrate traditional 'Kahika fair' in which a \"dead man\" would become alive with divine intervention.In Kahika fair, mock sacrificial ceremony of a member of Naur (a tribe) and getting his life back from the gods is main attraction. While Naur remains unconscious for one or two hours, his wife called as \"Naurhan\" dances around the temple of the local god. She depicts that she has offered her husband to the god and if he does not return his life, she will take away all the belongings of the temple. Kahika dance, performed on the occasion of Kahika fair is a religious dance.Diyar fair, though, would start on June 20 but the main event would be held on July 2, the Naur would be offered water with some \"divine powers\" to drink after which he would become unconscious and his family members start wailing. After couple of hours, deities would return life in him. Mast Ram a resident of Diyar village said that during Kahika fair, entire village would bore festive look with colourful canopies and the sounds of hymns would mark the beginning of the festival in the village. He said that during the fesival, it is common belief that all gods and goddesses come under a tree and an arrow is shot in the air. \"The arrow is considered so powerful that it takes the life of the Naur and he is declared dead,\" he added.Ashwani Guleria another resident of Diyar village said that \"dead man\" becomes alive with the powers of gods and goddesses. He said prayers performed during the festival sanctify the village by shunning evil spirits and purify the souls of the people participating in it. Kahika is a festival of repentance of past sins and misdeeds. It is also said that the celebration of this festival helps in the purification of human soul.In some places, this fair is held every two, five or seven years. Besides Diyar village, the Kahika fair of Shirar is most popular in Kullu district. According to legends, once a local deity came to Shirar village along with his friend Naur. Both felt hungry and the deity went to the local chief for food but the chief refused. \"This enraged the deity and he went at the top of a hill and brought about flood. The turbulent flood destroyed everything making its way. The deity soon realized that his friend Naur had also became a victim of the flood. He felt himself responsible for his death. So he started commemorating this festival every third year in his remembrance,\" said Rakesh Mahant, a Shirar resident.A square altar is prepared with the branches of a Deodar tree at its four corners. A person from the Naur tribe sits in it and Deo Khel (a form of dance) is performed here. During the festival, he is killed and revived by a special procedure. People confess their sins and repent. This is how the whole incident is symbolically repeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "14250314", "title": "Former Sena corporator held for murder", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The police arrested a former Shiv Sena corporator and an MNS worker for allegedly stabbing one person to death and injuring his friend inside a bar early on Monday. The killing is said to be the fallout of an old rivalry.The incident occurred inside Dhuru Bar around 2.15am. The deceased, Rajesh Kukreja (32), and the injured, Suresh Bagchandani (30), were attacked by former corporator Shekhar Yadav, MNS worker Sunil Chikne and their aide Kisan Danglekar. While Danglekar managed to escape, Yadav and Chikne were caught by employees of the bar, said the police.Alleging that more people are involved in the killing, Kukreja's family claimed he was murdered because he had a dispute with a local bookie, who is close to Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252155", "title": "Last-minute flight bookings may become cheaper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air fares for last minute bookings might become cheaper in the coming days. After directions from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, domestic airlines are looking at reducing airfares in the highest fare bucket on various routes in the domestic network by 5% to 20%.In view of the Kingfisher crisis in which several of its flights were cancelled, followed by an Air India pilots' strike which initially also affected its domestic flights, air fares have been steadily heading north. In fact, now one is likely to find cheaper Air India and Kingfisher tickets compared to those being offered by low cost carriers.DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan has taken a stern view of the situation and met scheduled domestic airlines' CEOs on Monday.He took airlines to task for various problems with their ticketing systems that included a disproportionate rise in average air fares since last year compared to a 16% rise in air turbine fuel in the same period.It has also been found that instead to making their lowest air fares available first, airlines are selling their most expensive tickets once bookings open and then moving to lower fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14251476", "title": "This JJ colony gets ample water on time, every day", "text": "Started Storage In Overhead Tanks 15 Years Ago; Valve System Launched In 2007 Regulates Quantity Used By Each FamilyNeha Lalchandani | tnnNEW DELHI: About 15 years ago, residents of Ismail Camp in southwest Delhi decided to take their water supply in their own hands. At a point when most of Delhi is reeling under water shortage, this little JJ Colony located on Rangpuri Pahari \u2014 a little distance off the main road leading from Vasant Kunj to Mahipalpur \u2014 is enjoying a continuous water supply. All thanks to its pradhan Ismail Khan who has lent his name to this settlement.Till about 35 years ago, when Khan moved here, residents were dependent on one well and used buckets to carry water back to their homes. A few years later the area councillor and MLA sanctioned tubewells here though the method of collecting water remained unchanged \u2014 in buckets and other containers.\"Around 15 years back we decided to change the system as not only was the water being wasted in the process, but it was also very unhygienic. We formed a committee, collected money and purchased a motor. Then we started collecting water in overhead tanks from where residents started taking water,\" said Khan.Another innovation was introduced in 2007. With the help of NGO Force and WaterAir India, the committee evolved an improved mechanism to make sure that people had sufficient water at the same time ensuring that none was wasted.\"We brought in a valve system through which we could regulate water taken by each family. Now there are pipes running from the main tank into each home, most of which also have their separate tanks. The water supply starts at 4am and lasts till 7pm. In winter, the supply stops earlier. Two boys have been employed to monitor the system, both of whom are paid Rs 4,000 per month,\" said Jaswinder Kaur, the local area coordinator from Force.The system used for water distribution can put most upscale colonies to shame. Each household has been allotted a time slot in the day when they can take water. At their specified time, they turn on the valve to their line which is located at the main pump house. This is monitored by the operator who times the water flow. Once the 30-minute or one-hour period, as specified earlier, is over, the valve is turned off. \"This is an extremely efficient system to ensure that everyone has sufficient water. If you miss your turn, you can also request the valve operator to let you take water before the system is shut for the day. It is a highly flexible system that ensures that water is distributed equitably. The cost is also nominal. The monthly cost for someone taking water for an hour each day through a .75 inch pipe adds up to only Rs 240, including power, billing and salary paid to the operators,\" said Kaur.Residents have also put in requests to the forest department for rainwater harvesting, since they are dependent solely on groundwater, but have received no response so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250035", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation rejects lowest bid, gives work 2 years later to higher bidder", "text": "NAGPUR: For Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), there seems to be financial wisdom in striking down a lower offer and go for a higher bid. The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), which has audited VIDC since 1997, has found that VIDC turned down the lowest bid of Rs 13.98 crore for a tender, and two years later handed over the job to another bidder for Rs 19.50 crore, without inviting fresh bids.This contract pertained to construction of a cross regulator and escape-route along the right bank canal of the ambitious Gosikhurd project. This is a mechanism to control the flow of water in a canal. In case the front portion of the canal is not working, water is released through the escape route attached to the cross regulator.When the tenders were invited in December 2007, the lowest bid was Rs 13.96 crore, which was 12.75% higher than the estimated price of Rs 12.38 crore. However, the bid was cancelled and the chief engineer in charge said this was done because the bidder was not ready to negotiate. It is normal practice to have a round of negotiations after bids are received, to help reduce the offer. But in this case VIDC ended up shelling out a much higher amount for the same work.Two years later, instead of inviting fresh tenders, the work was allotted to another contractor, by attaching it to the existing job being carried out by him. This was done by evoking clause 38 of the general agreement, which governs terms and conditions between VIDC and contractors. This time, the estimated cost was pegged at Rs 16.60 crore as against Rs 12.38 crore earlier, when the bids were invited in 2007. The new contractor finally took up the work at a mark up of 17.5% of the estimate, at Rs 19.50 crore.CAG has pointed out that it has led to a loss of Rs 5.52 crore. It also says that attaching of the work to an existing contractor is not permissible and fresh tenders should have been invited.The VIDC however argues that the work was given to a different contractor only because the earlier bidder was not ready to negotiate. It claims that the entire exercise led to a saving of Rs 64.95 lakh. However, no explanation of this claim has been given in the CAG report. The CAG finds the reply to be 'not acceptable', saying that fresh tenders should have been invited instead.TOI has earlier reported about a common occurrence in VIDC of bids being received at a particular percentage above the estimated price, which is followed by negotiations as VIDC finds the markup to be rather high. After negotiations, the estimate itself is raised and bids are received at a moderate markup price. However, even if the markup is lower in the second round, the final rate is ultimately higher than the previous bid. Strangely, in almost every case the markup is just 4.5% of the fresh estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14257020", "title": "Hindi play \u2018Khel Khel Mein\u2019 staged at NCZCC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The play 'Khel Khel Mein' was staged at North Central Zone Culture Centre (NCZCC) in which artists exhibited their talent.The play was organised under the auspices of 'Vinod Rastogi Smriti Sansthan.' The story revolves around the protagonist who adopts different types of tricks to get promotion in the office. The protagonist is a clerk in a government office who aspires to get promotion through different methods.However, when the boss knows about the tricks, his plan fails to materialise. Through the play, a message has been sent that adoption of tricks to get success in life proves detrimental. The play was staged under the effective direction of Abhilash Narayan.The artists who participated in the play included Kareem, Kirti Sharma, Amit Gupta,Priya Sahu, Priyavansh Singh, Himanshu, Prateek and others. The music in the play was given by Uday Chandra Pardesi. The presentation of the drama was done by Alok Rastogi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262654", "title": "Nidhi debut with a blink-and-you-miss role?", "text": "Since she signed up for her first Hindi film, the adaptation of Paresh Rawal's famous play Kishen vs Kanhaiya, which has been titled Oh My God, Nidhi Subbaiah has been excitedly talking about it.In fact, the actor has been saying that she's been lucky being at the right place at the right time. But according to a source, Nidhi's debut feature will not exactly help her make a mark. While the actor herself has acknowledged that the original play does not have her character and that it is an addition to the film, what she hasn't let anyone in on is the duration of her screen time. \"Nidhi plays a journalist in the film. It is not a central character and she barely has 4-5 scenes in the film.In fact, she doesn't even have a single scene with Akshay,\" says the source. We tried reaching Nidhi to confirm the same, but the actor, who is shooting in Indore for her film with Jackky Bhagnani , was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14256277", "title": "Close shave for 24 kids after school van plunges into a farm", "text": "KOCHI: Twenty-four school children of KEMH School, Kottapuram, had a miraculous escape when a mini bus driven by an inexperienced person lost control and plunged into a farm at Purapillykkavu under the Alangad police station limits on Monday morning.According to the police, the accident occurred around 8 am when the driver was trying to negotiate a sharp turn. The bus was on its way to school after picking up students from various points. All the students, aged below 12, suffered injuries in the accident. Of the five students who suffered major injuries, three were admitted to hospitals in Kochi, including the Government General Hospital, while others were taken to Paravoor taluk hospital. The seriously injured students have been identified as Sneha, Anakha and Muhammed Aflah, all studying in fifth standard.A police team led by DySP R Salim and Aluva circle inspector S Jayakrishnan reached the spot after they were alerted and conducted the rescue operations with the help of local residents.The police arrested the driver of the mini bus (KL-8 T 6255), identified as Sirajuddin, 26, of Mannagath Parambu veedu, Alangad.The vehicle which met with the accident was hired by the school authorities after the regular school bus developed a mechanical fault. The situation could have been much worse if the paddy field had contained water. The police said the driver did not have the requisite 10-year experience to drive a school bus. They would also look into the possibility of holding school authorities responsible in connection with the accident. \"The driver needs to have a minimum experience of 10 years. In this case, the driver is only 26 years old,\" police officials said.Sreevalsan Krishnan, a committee member of the school management, said that they had hired the private vehicle after the regular school bus developed a mechanical snag. \"We were not aware that the driver was inexperienced. No student has suffered any major injury. We have conducted a detailed medical check up on students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252031", "title": "\u2018Talim\u2019 may weaken monsoon\u2019s progress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monsoon has finally picked pace and moved northward to cover almost half the country even as a fresh spoiler appeared on the horizon on Monday. A tropical depression called Talim was building up in South China Sea, southwest of Hong Kong, which is expected to develop into a typhoon and may temporarily halt the monsoon in a few days' time.The Philippines' state-run weather bureau said Talim was heading north-northeast towards Taiwan . As with storms in South China Sea that move further east, Talim could sap the monsoon's energy especially when it fizzles out in the coming days.Talim developed in the wake of typhoon Guchol that was formed in the region last week and has now moved into Japan. Depending on the direction they are headed, tropical storms may aid or inhibit the monsoon over India.\"Since the storm is moving eastwards, it can adversely affect the monsoon temporarily,\" said D Sivananda Pai, IMD's lead monsoon forecaster. \"But other local systems, like western disturbances, may well cancel out Talim's effect. How these competing factors play out remains to be seen.\"Meanwhile, good rains in the past few days have reduced the monsoon deficiency to 29% (for the period June 1 to 18), down from 42% late last week.IMD said conditions were favourable for further advance of the monsoon into remaining parts of Arabian Sea, interior Maharashtra, Vidarbha, West Bengal, Sikkim, Orissa, some parts of Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar and some more parts of Gujarat and Chhattisgarh in the two-three days.Rain was also reported on Monday from parts of northwest India, reeling under a heat wave, thanks to a moisture-laden western disturbance coming in from west Pakistan .Forecasters said they did not expect the monsoon to move rapidly after this current spurt. IMD, which had on April 26 predicted a normal monsoon this year with a season rainfall of 99% of the long period average, will update its forecast later this week.The update is in keeping with IMD's practice in recent years of releasing a second forecast and comes amid fears of El Nino conditions developing in equatorial Pacific in the second half of this year which may adversely hit the monsoon.A good monsoon this year is being seen as key to keeping food inflation in check. Food prices began to rise again with the onset of summer, which has been particularly dry so far in many parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254463", "title": "New tenders for gauge conversion", "text": "COIMBATORE: Irked by the slow pace of gauge conversion works between Pollachi and Palakkad, Southern Railway has decided to cancel the existing contract with a Bhubaneswar-based company that presently working over the project and issue fresh tenders to complete the remaining works in a time bound manner.The 58 km long Pollachi-Palakkad narrow line was closed down in 2007 to convert it into a broad-gauge line linked with the Coimbatore-Dindigul stretch, where gauge conversion is in progress. Together, these two lines are expected to enhance rail connectivity between Coimbatore, Palakkad, Pollachi, Udumalpet, Palani, Madurai and Rameswaram.According to highly placed railway sources, the gauge conversion works between Palakkad and Polachi began in 2008 after the works were awarded to Bhubaneswar-based ARSS Company. The works moved at a snail's pace right from the beginning and only 25 percent of the works have been completed so far in Muthalamadai-Yakkara stretch. Though works of the major bridge at Amabarampalayam were completed three years ago, only 10 percent of the works of the crucial Yakkara Bridge have been completed so far.As per original plans, the works should have been completed in March this year. However, as per last February's railway budget, the deadline was extended to this December. It is unlikely that works will be completed even by March next year. Considering the dismal situation, the railways decided to scrap the existing contract and float new tenders.Instead of awarding both construction of bridges and gauge conversion works to a single company, the authorities are planning to invite separate tenders for both. A Palakkad-based firm has already evinced interest in undertaking bridge construction works while Eagle Omega Company, based at Kangayam in Tirupur district, has come forward to undertake the remaining gauge conversion works. Southern railway's construction head R Vijayakumar has conducted a spot visit and directed officials to complete the works at the earliest.In the case of the Coimbatore-Pollachi stretch, land acquisition is the major hurdle. About 42 hectares are to be acquired. Once the land is acquired, it will take one year to complete the project, an official said.In case of the Pollachi-Dindigul stretch, works are close to completion. The commissioner for railway safety is scheduled to inspect the site soon. Railway sources have confirmed plans to operate passenger trains between Madurai and Pollachi through the newly developed stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14256305", "title": "1,600 families oppose land acquisition for NH widening", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district administration has received applications from over 1,600 families requesting the authorities to exempt their land and buildings from the acquisition process for widening of NH-47.Deputy collector (NH) M K Kabeer said that they began hearing of applications on Monday, to address the grievances of people, who fear eviction.\"The majority of the applicants asked us to exempt their land from acquisition. Some families have demanded a better rehabilitation package for surrendering their land and buildings. Most of the families are against the widening of NH-47 on BOT system. We will soon hold a meeting with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for discussing the problems of the evictees,\" he said.\"We are all set to kick off survey for starting the land acquisition process from Thuravoor to Oachira. After completing the survey, we will decide the value of the land and structures. A district-level purchase committee (DLPCA) will soon be constituted with district collector as chairman for fixing the value of the land and building which will be acquired for the project,\" Kabeer said.The district administration has set up three special tahsildars' offices at Cherthala, Ambalappuzha and Haripad for speeding up the land acquisition process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251134", "title": "Mining companies submit monsoon preparedness information", "text": "PANAJI: The mining companies submitted detailed reports on the safety measures undertaken by them to prevent any untoward incident during the monsoon to the sub-committees constituted to look into the safety aspect of mines.Two sub-committees, one each for North and South Goa, under the chairmanship of the deputy collector were constituted as field teams and to inspect mines and verify the safety measures taken by them. These committees recently held meetings with mining companies and directed them to submit a detailed report on the safety measures undertaken by them.\"Mining companies submitted the information,\" chairman of North Goa sub-committee Parag Nagarcenkar said, adding that mining companies have cleaned the drainage and tailing points on mines.The sub-committees recently held workshops to train mine managers on precautionary measures for the monsoon season. The committees were constituted to revise the safety measures in 90-odd mines operating in the state after the landslide at Cuddegal and Mulgao,The sub-committees are headed by the monitoring committee, which is chaired by North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan and has the director of mines and geology, the director of mines' safety and the regional controller of the Indian bureau of mines as members. Even after the constitution of the monitoring committee, till date there has not been a single inspection of the mines by the committee.Goa has around 336 valid mining leases and around 90 operational mines, which exported around 40 million tonnes of ore last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14254234", "title": "Officials to monitor power supply", "text": "VARANASI: In a bid to curb unscheduled power rostering due to frequent breakdown and local faults in the region, the managing director of Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) A P Mishra has constituted a team of power officials for emergency monitoring between 4 pm and 12 midnight.The team comprising engineers had been attached with chief engineer (distribution), Varanasi office and discom headquarters to ensure uninterrupted power supply and emergency monitoring between 4 pm and 12 midnight at various substations. Mishra had also instructed to ensure availability of junior engineers and technical staffs at different substations during the period. Power supply in the region gets severely hit due to inclement weather condition.Meanwhile, as per instructions of chairman-cum managing director, UP Power Corporation Ltd, Lucknow, all the executive and assistant engineers have been instructed to remain present at various substations between 4 pm and 12 midnight for ensuring uninterrupted power supply in Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Allahabad under the first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14252475", "title": "Child found abandoned", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A five-year-old boy was found abandoned in the women's compartment of the Bangalore-Yeswanthpur Express on Monday.Passengers found the child when the train reached Kuttippuram in Malappuram district. They informed the railway guard, who in turn alerted the railway police. The child was handed over to the police when the train reached Kozhikode station around 7 am.Though information was passed on to all railway station across the state soon after the incident, no one approached the police or railway authorities with a child missing complaint. So the railway police handed over the child to the Childline officials.The boy gave his name as Vishnu his mother's as Renjini. But he could not pass any information regarding his address or phone number, the police said.The child, dressed in a black jeans and a black t-shirt with stripes has six fingers on both his hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14264872", "title": "Nominations for National Communal Harmony Awards 2012 open till June 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has invited nominations for National Communal Harmony Awards 2012 by June 30 from individuals and organizations for their outstanding contribution for promoting communal harmony and national integration.The awards, instituted in 1996 by the National Foundation for Communal Harmony (NFCH), are announced every year on the eve of Republic Day. So far, 21 individualsorganisations from across the country have been conferred with this prestigious award.Nominations complete in all respects may be sent to the NFCH, an autonomous organization which was set up by the Union home ministry for promoting communal harmony and national integration -- through state government/Union Territory Administration; local bodies (like Municipal CorporationBoardZilla Panchayat); Speaker of Lok Sabha / State Vidhan Sabha; Members of Parliament and State Legislatures.The nominations can also be sent through members of the National Integration Council; Governing Council or Executive Council of the NFCH; Vice-Chancellors of Universities; Recipients of the National Communal Harmony Awards and organisations of repute dedicated to promotion of communal harmony and national integration.\"Nomination may be sent to the secretary, NFCH, Lok Nayak Bhawan, New Delhi-110003 so as to reach latest by the June 30.Details may be seen on the website www.nfch.nic.in or obtained from the office of the Foundation,\" said home ministry spokesperson K S Dhatwalia on Tuesday.The awards consist of a citation each and cash award of Rs 2 lakh for an individual and Rs 5 lakh for an organization, on the basis of outstanding contribution over a period of 10 years for an individual and five years for an organization, which are essential prerequisite eligibility conditions to apply for this award. The Jury for the award consists of vice-president of India as chairman, principal secretary to the Prime Minister, two eminent persons nominated by the Union home minister (of whom one should be a woman) and home secretary.Asghar Ali Engineer (Maharashtra), Maulana Wahidudin Khan (Delhi), Jagadguru Tontada Siddalinga Mahaswamiji (Karnataka), Begum Syeda Naseem Chishti (Delhi), Acharya Sri Mahapragya (Delhi), Hema Bharali (Assam), Rabindra Nath Upadhyay (Assam), Ram Puniyani (Mumbai), Mohammad Hanif Khan Shastri (Delhi), Dominic Emmanuel and Acharya Lokesh Muni are among those who have been conferred with this Award in individual category.Among the organization category, the award has so far been given to the Quami Ekta Trust (Delhi), Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan (Maharashtra), Bhakti Sahitya Shodh Sansthan (Andhra Pradesh), National Youth Project Trust (Delhi), Akhil Bharat Rachnatmak Samaj (Delhi), Ramakrishna Mission (West Bengal), Setu Charitable (Mumbai), Anjuman Sair-E-Gul Faroshan (Delhi), Centre for Human Right and Social Welfare (Rajasthan) and Institute for Socialist Education (Delhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vikas nagar", "code": "14254039", "title": "His thoughts find expression in rhymes", "text": "VIKAS NAGAR: Ram Singh is a man with passion - he writes poetry, songs and ghazals. On the exterior, the world sees a district revenue officer, who has been working for several years and lives with his family in Vikas Nagar.But within him are thoughts and feelings that find expression in rhymes, which he has been putting down on paper since childhood.With two bestsellers to his credit, Ram is all set to come up with another book, \"Pardian Di Oat\". His latest is a compilation of poems, songs and ghazals and the writer believes that like his debut book, \"Marundian Dhalan\" readers would love this one too.Talking about his latest book, Ram adds, \"My new book presents different hues of life like happiness and sorrow - and around these I have weaved my life experiences. Some of the poems of this book, 'Mashwara', 'Aam Banda', 'Nawan Zamana' and 'Greeting Card' are very close to my heart. Apart from the poems, I'm confident that my songs, 'Kite Kamzor Na Samajhi', 'Eh Taan Rab Jaane' and 'Preet Parahauni' would surely be appreciated by readers.\"\"For me the talent for writing songs and poetry is a God's gift. Since childhood I have been in the habit of penning my thoughts,\" said Ram. He adds, \"I started writing poetry when I was in college and was also a member of the poet club of my college. Often when I would recite my poems at college functions, the audience would love them.\"Talking about his interests, Ram reveals that he loves to read Russian and Punjabi literature. He said, \"I have a small library at home where I have a huge collection of works of my favourate authors. I love to spend time here.\"And despite having a hectic schedule, this writer makes sure to take out time for reading and writing. \"I like to take out some time every day to read and keep in touch with my passion. And thanks to my profession, I get to meet many people, observe their behaviour and this helps me get ideas for writing.\"Ram said, \"My first book of poems was published in 2005 and in 2011, I released the second edition of the book. I dedicate all my books to my wife Paramjeet Kaur, who has been a constant source of inspiration. Apart from her, my two sons, Sajanpreet and Sanampreet, help me keep my morale and confidence intact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256320", "title": "CM Mamta Banerjee to inaugurate Iskcon Rath Yatra on June 21", "text": "KOLKATA: International society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) will organise the 41st Kolkata Rath Yatra on June 21; the theme for the festival being Rath Yatra 2012 is \"Hare Krishna's in Russia\".\"We decided on this theme to highlight the wonderful Russian Vaishnava's and their glorious struggle for Krishna Bhakti, we decided to broadcast their glories through this year's Kolkata Rath Yatra. We ask everyone to join Russian devotees in glorifying Lord Jagannath,\" said general manager Iskcon Radharaman Das.The Rath Yatra will begin at 9.30am on Thursday June 21 with the arrival of Lord Jagannath, Baladev and Subhadra Devi. It will be inaugurated by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . This will be followed by the distribution of Maha bhog, kirtan and arati. The procession will start from Park Circus Maidan and end at the Brigade Parade Ground. after sweeping the street ceremony and Maha Aarati. Chief minister Mamta banerjee will inaugurate the Rath Yatra from Park Circus Maidan.The Rath Yatra will start from Park Circus (Suhrawardy Avenue) left turn to CIT Road-Moulali crossing-SN Banerjee road-Dorina crossing then left turn JL Nehru Road, right turn from Park Street metro station to Outram Road and then straight to Brigade Parade Ground.The Brigade Parade Ground Russia being the theme this year, the whole rath Yatra float parade 2012 and the rath yatra mela ground will be beautifully transformed into mini Russia. \"One will be with Russian devotees and Russian landmarks.This year we have invited many Russian devotees who will lead the cultural programmes at the Rath Yatra mela ground and will also lead the kirtans in front of the the three chariots,\" said Rath Yatra chairman Ananga Mohan Das.The main attraction will be the main gate of the Rath Yatra festival venue, which will be a replica of the Saint Basil's Church, Moscow. The temple of Lord Jagannath will be a replica of Puri's temple. Aimed at encouraging spirit of togetherness and unity there are a host of activities lined up for devotees to bring extra cheer. All through the nine days there will be cultural programmes by Russian troupes from Moscow between 4pm-9pm. Rare photographs of Hare Krishna's in Russia will be on display at the mela grounds. Like previous years there will be free plant distribution. A youth festival with music band competition, drama festival, just-a-minute and debate ompetitons. The kids too are sure to have a good time with elocution contest, fancy dress, art and dance competitions and sloka recitations.The route for 'ultarathyatra' on June 29 will begin from Outram Road then right turn to JL Nehru Road-Chowringhee Road-Exide crossing-ATM road-SP Mukherjee road, then left turn to Manohar Pukur Road or Ramesh Mitra Lane, left turn to Sarat Bose Road-AJC Bose Road-Hungerford Street which culminates at Iskon Temple at Albert Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262961", "title": "My exit from the show wasn\u2019t scripted: Gaurav Chopra", "text": "Actor Gaurav Chopra was keen to check out the party hang-outs in Lucknow while on his recent trip to LucknowDisco Deewane This Delhi lad loves visiting Lucknow and having his fill of the traditional cuisines that the city has to offer. And so, actor Gaurav Chopra, on his recent visit to Lucknow, seemed more interested in checking out the party hangouts of the city, than anything else. \"I have explored the cuisine of the city and even watched a movie in one of the multiplexes here last time. So, on this trip of mine I am planning to take out some time and check out the clubs and discs of the town. I just wish I am able top finish my work fast and go clubbing!\" he said.Main Kaun Hoon? \"Raghuvendra Pratap Rathore\", Gaurav clarifies, \"I told my fans and viewers that I am taking a break from \" Uttaran \" and not permanently leaving it. My exit from the show too wasn't scripted as such, as it was my personal decision to take a break from the show. Also, I would like to share an interesting fact about my character \"Raghuvendra Pratap Rathore\". Asal mein yeh kaun hai, kahan se aaya hai, iske maa-baap kaun hain, mujhe khud nahin pata. The only thing I know is that he owns some \"Rathore group of industries\" jo kya kaam karti hai mujhe woh bhi nahin pata. Woh aeroplane banati hai ya bulb, mujhe nahin pata chal paaya hai aajtak.On a High 'Taimur Ansar' a powerful man in Avinash Abhimanyu's, thriller drama \" Rangdari \" says, \"I am playing a character like \"Robinhood\". He does things his own way and only fears God. The movie was shot in Lucknow and the locations, the sets, everything has a rustic feel to it. I knew that the movie will be good. But the way it has actually turned out is fabulous and beyond my expectations,\" he says. Telling us about his future assignments Gaurav adds, \"I have recently signed a comedy film with a prominent banner in Bollywood. The stars are big, the cast and crew is good. I am the only 'not so prominent name' in the film,\" he shares.Relationship Suspense The actor, who has chosen to stay mum on his relationship status since long, when asked whether he's single or in a relationship, says, \"I think I will always be answering this question. For now, I don't have any answer to this question. Mere quotes ko pehle bahut zyada misinterpret aur manipulate kiya gaya hai. B ecause of which I was deeply hurt. That is why I have decided not to say a single word about my relationships in public. And I hope nobody minds that.\"Mohd Salman Khan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14251047", "title": "Siolim bridge likely to open in week's time", "text": "MAPUSA: The reconstructed bridge at Siolim, in front of the St Anthony's church, will be opened to the public within a week's time, authorities said.The work to strengthen the old Portuguese era bridge was undertaken by the government at the end of March this year.\"The curing period is almost complete and the bridge is expected to open to traffic on June 20,\" said PWD junior engineer Gurudas Pilarnkar.Construction of the new bridge was a long-pending demand of the villagers as the narrow bridge was in a bad state. It was causing heavy traffic congestion and bottlenecks that hampered the smooth flow of traffic at Siolim, especially during peak hours. This road also witnesses heavy traffic because of the connectivity to coastal villages like Baga, Anjuna and Calangute.Work is being executed by the PWD (roads division). The bridge is being widened by another 4m, making it 8m wide, so as to enable smooth flow of traffic.The closure of the main road for the construction of this bridge has been exerting extreme pressure on the link road connecting Marna and Gaunsavaddo. As schools have begun, locals fear that the road, which is used by many students to get to Holy Cross High School, may just cave in due to the pressure of the increased traffic. Fearing accidents, parents have also demanded that the main road be opened at the earliest.Presently, traffic police personnel and home guards are stationed to restrict the movement of heavy vehicles on this road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14257119", "title": "NET on June 24", "text": "BANGALORE: The UGC National Eligibility Test (NET ) for lecturership and JRF for humanities, social science, commerce, management, languages, electronics science, environmental science and computer application will be conducted on June 24.Those who haven't received the admission card can collect it on or before June 22 at the office of the UGC-NET, Bangalore University, Jnanabharati campus, along with the downloaded admission ticket from the UGC website and one photograph. 22961041.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14251156", "title": "Female feticide case: Beed doctor couple travelled 5 states to evade arrest", "text": "AURANGABAD: Sudam and Saraswati Munde, the doctor couple from Beed wanted in connection with the death of a pregnant woman in their hospital, was remanded in police custody till June 30. They had surrendered before the Parli police on Sunday night.One Vijaymala Pattekar had died during an operation to terminate pregnancy at the Munde hospital on May 18. She was suspected to be carrying a female child. Inspector Ramrao Gadekar lodged a complaint on May 19 because no relative of Pattekar came forward.Deputy superintendent of police Swati Bhor, said, \"On June 17, with permission from the appropriate court, the police searched the residence of Sudam and Saraswati Munde. We didn't find any incriminating evidence against the doctors during the search in their hospital,'' Bhor told TOI.The Mundes were then booked under section 304 (a) (causing death due to negligence), which is a bailable section. They were produced at the Parli court on May 19 and were subsequently granted bail.After receipt of the post-mortem report on May 22, the police added sections 312, 314, 315 and 316 of the IPC against the doctor couple. On May 23, the Parli police arrested Vijaymala's husband Mahadeo. He is in judicial custody since then.On May 28, the police added section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) against the Mundes while the district administration sealed the Munde hospital and the couple's residential quarters. The couple had applied for anticipatory bail on May 30 which was rejected. In the meantime, following the initiative of the health authorities, the sessions court cancelled bail granted a year ago to the Mundes in a case pertaining to violation of the PCPNDT Act.Despite issuing a high alert and announcement of cash prize of Rs 40,000 for information on the Mundes, the couple managed to elude arrest for 26 days. They visited at least five states, used 20 mobile handsets and changed 70 sim cards to avoid arrest.The Mundes were accompanied by Sanjay Soni, the owner of the medical store in Munde hospital and their driver Parmeshwar Ankushe. Both Ankushe and Soni are missing. The four people moved in a Borlero jeep (MH 23 Y 59) belonging to one of acquaintance in Ashti taluka of Beed district. They had started their journey out of Parli on the night of May 23.\"On May 23 they reached Shivpuri in Madhya Pradesh. After a brief stay they moved to Udaipur in Rajasthan and then visited Kanpur before returning to Madhya Pradesh. Mundes knew that the police were on their trail. From MP they entered Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh and then returned to Beed. They used to travel at least 500 km every day and never stayed at one place for more than a day,\" said the police.Beed police team led by inspector Sudarshan Munde of the crime branch and another team of Parli police were chasing them. However, the Mundes were always a step ahead. \"By the time the police team located them and reached the place, the Mundes were gone. The police administration then made sure that Munde's ATM cards were blocked and bank accounts sealed. After this, the doctor couple had no option but to get arrested or surrender,\" a police official said.\"The doctors were helped in their chase by at least 20 people, including a doctor from neighbouring Andhra Pradesh. The police are yet to ascertain the names and exact number of people who helped them,\" said a source.Interestingly, the Mundes moved around Parli town in a car for some time on June 17 before being dropped in front of the police station at 9 pm. The car that dropped the duo disappeared immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14264723", "title": "Pakistan ranks 13 in failed states index", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan, a country which is run by a military obsessed with India and by a civilian elite that steals all it can and pay almost no taxes, has been ranked 13th in the latest ranking of failed states.The unique ranking compiled by the prestigious Foreign Policy magazine is topped by African countries Somalia (114.9 points), Congo (111.2), Sudan (109.4), Chad (107.6) and Zimbabwe (106.3).Afghanistan with 106 points is ranked at number 6, followed by Haiti, Yemen, Iraq and Central African Republic.Pakistan with 101.6 points, the magazine said, is ranked 13, a slight improvement from the previous two years.In 2011 it was ranked 12th in the list of failed states, while in 2010 and 2009 it was ranked 10th.\"The country is run by a military obsessed with - and, for decades, invested in - the conflict with India, and by a civilian elite that steals all it can and pays almost no taxes,\" Robert D Kaplan, the chief geopolitical analyst at Stratfor, wrote for the Foreign Policy.But despite an overbearing military, tribes \"defined by a near-universal male participation in organized violence,\" as the late European anthropologist Ernest Gellner put it, dominate massive swaths of territory. The absence of the state makes for 20-hour daily electricity blackouts and an almost nonexistent education system in many areas,\" he wrote.Explaining the reasons for Pakistan being in the list of a failed state, Kaplan said the root cause of these manifold failures, in many minds, is the very artificiality of Pakistan itself: a cartographic puzzle piece sandwiched between India and Central Asia that splits apart what the British Empire ruled as one indivisible subcontinent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14251564", "title": "No 'praveshotsav' for classVIII aspirants in govt schools", "text": "VADODARA: It has been a week since schools have re-opened across Gujarat and the state government is busy holding annual 'shala praveshotsav'. But the fate of a large number of students in Gujarat is hanging in balance since granted schools are in a dilemma over enrolling students in standard eight.Around 620 granted schools are waiting for the state government to issue an official directive through which class eight that was so far considered in the secondary section is included in the upper primary section.Class eight was included in the upper primary section after the implementation of the Right to Education Act that made education up to class eight compulsory for all children.\"Although the state government has accepted the proposal mooted by the director of primary education to re-categorize class eight in the upper primary section, there is no official notification regarding this. This has led to a situation where the granted schools are not admitting students in class eight and students are in a quandary,\" says president of Gujarat State Granted Primary Teachers Association Javed Sheikh. He said most granted schools in the state have not even issued leaving certificates to students who have cleared class seven.At education town Vallabh Vidyanagar in Anand district, two six-decade-old granted schools managed by Charutar Vidya Mandal (CVM) are facing closure of standard five and eight classes.Teachers for standard five and eight have been withdrawn from Govindbhai Jorabhai Sharda Mandir High School, which admits girls, and Shantaben Dharmasinh Desai High School, which enrolls students from under-privileged sections.\"What is the logic of running 'Kanya Kelavani' programmes on one hand and closing down classes of granted schools on the other,\" says chairman of CVM Dr C L Patel, adding that the trust has already made a representation to the state government that in whatever category (primary or secondary), the classes are put, the state government cannot back out from its basic duty of providing free education to girls and under-privileged students.\"Here is a situation where we are being asked to start these classes (standard five and standard eight) on self-financed basis. Is it proper to force girls and students from underprivileged sections to pay up higher fees?\" questions Patel.Government officials, however, deny that there is any dilemma. \"We had told management of all such schools to start the classes. When the administration is permitting them to start the classes, where is the question of any dilemma,\" says Vadodara district education officer S P Chaudhary, claiming that he hasn't received a single complaint from any parent regarding admission woes in class eight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14257876", "title": "Clash marks reopening of college", "text": "CHENNAI: Pachaiyappa's College reopened for the academic year on Monday on a violent note with its students clashing with a group of Presidency College students that left three MTC buses damaged, three passengers injured and 16 Pachaiyappa's boys in jail.Police arrested the students on charges of damaging the buses and a police officer's car parked on the roadside near Purasawalkam in the evening. The windshield of an MTC bus (route number 159) plying between Tiruverkadu and Vallalar Nagar was shattered. Police officer Loganathan's car, which was parked near the police quarters, was also damaged in the stone pelting.There were two versions of the clash. One version had it that Pachaiyappa's students pelted stones at the bus when the crowded bus didn't stop at the bus stop near Alagappa Road at 10.15am. Another version is that a group of Presidency College students travelling on an MTC bus (route number 29-A ) plying between Perambur and Anna Square threw banana peels at some Pachaiyappa's College students waiting at a bus stop. The students tried to get onto the MTC bus, but the bus sped away. The students chased and stoned the buses. Some of the arrested students alleged that the Presidency College students travelling on the 29-A bus were the root cause for the clash.Angry bystanders and residents of the police quarters chased and nabbed the errant students and handed them over to police. On information , police teams from the Vepery station reached the spot and nabbed the students responsible for damaging the buses. Police said three bus passengers were injured , but they didn't lodge a complaint. \"We are trying to trace some more students who created trouble,\" said Vepery assistant commissioner of police K Krishnamurthy . Police have slapped two cases against the 16 students under Sections 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 341 (wrongful restraint), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others), of Indian Penal Code and 3 (1) Prevention of TNPPD Act.Police have registered the cases based on the complaint of bus driver John Bosco and police official Loganathan. The students have been remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257295", "title": "IIT-Bombay emerges favourite among aspirants", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)-Bombay and the computer science course had emerged to be the most preferred by the candidates. The IIT aspirants took part in counselling and locked the seats. A total of 4,406 candidates preferred computer science and engineering in IIT Bombay. As many as 1,082 candidates preferred computer science and engineering in IIT Delhi.The electrical engineering branch in IIT-Bombay was given preference by 1,016 candidates. Mechanical engineering and aerospace engineering courses have been preferred by 874 and 539 candidates in IIT-Bombay. This shows that IIT-Bombay has taken lead ahead of other IITs in the country as it was chosen by more number of students for pursuing graduation. The top 100 position holders (common rank list) have also opted for IIT-Bombay followed by IIT-Delhi and IIT-Kanpur. As many as 86 candidates chose IIT-Bombay for pursuing engineering, 12 chose IITDelhi. Only one student who figured in the list of top 100 successful candidates of JEE chose IIT-Kanpur. IIT-Madras also shared the same spot with IIT-Kanpur. Nine girls chose computer science and engineering in IIT Bombay, eight girls chose computer science and engineering in IIT Roorkee. Seven girl students chose chemical engineering in IIT Delhi and six of them chose electrical engineering in IIT Kanpur.As many as 45 girls candidates in the common rank list included 13 in IIT-Bombay, 10 in IIT Delhi, 9 in IIT Kanpur, 8 in IIT-Roorkee and five in IIT-Madras.A total number of 668 candidates got the course and the institute of their first choice, 390 candidates got the course and the institute of their second choice and 379 candidates got the course and the institute of their third choice.A total number of 907 (9.55%) girl candidates got admission offer: general category (447), OBC category (222), SC category (154) and ST category (84).Number of physically disabled (PD) candidates counselled for seats reserved them are: 127 (GE-PD: 79, OBC-PD: 42 and SC-PD: 6). Organizing chairman of IIT-JEE G B Reddy said that the results of the first round of course allotment were announced on the website on Sunday. A total of 17,465 candidates were shortlisted for counselling of whom 15,989 registered. In comparison, the number of candidates selected for counselling in IIT JEE-2011 was 13,197. In the first round of seat allocation, 9,500 candidates, including 11 foreign nationals, were allotted seats and 6,479 candidates did not get any seat due to various reasons. No OBC seat and SC seat were left unfilled. Candidates who have been allotted a seat are required to pay a registration fee of Rs 40,000/- (for GE/OBC) or Rs 20,000 (for SC/ST) to accept the allotment and be considered for an upgradation, if possible, in the subsequent rounds of counselling.He said that the payment can be made at any branch of State Bank of India with printed challan available from the IIT-JEE 2012 counselling website: http://jeecounselling. iitd.ac.in/JCOP\"Failure to pay the fees on or before 22 June 2012 will be considered as a refusal of the offer of admission. Despite delay in releasing the first round of seat allocation, candidates must note that there will not be any change in the already announced counselling schedule,\" Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14252457", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 30 lakh stolen", "text": "BHOPAL: The police are on the lookout for unidentified persons who have stolen jewellery and valuables worth Rs 30 lakh from a house here on Sunday.Victim Rameshlal Rajdev, a resident of Shahjehanabad area had gone out with his family to attend a marriage in Sehore, police said. Preliminary investigation reveal that the robbers broke open the lock to enter the house and escaped with jewellery worth Rs 20 lakh along with other valuables and cash. Cost of stolen goods is worth Rs 30 lakh.A case was registered under the Sections 454 and 380 of the IPC against the unidentified miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14253694", "title": "Hyderabad on top in TOI golf", "text": "The unpredictable weather of London added spice to the challenge posed by the Stockley Pines Golf Resort during the final of The Times of India Leaders Challenge Tour.The unpredictable weather of London added spice to the challenge posed by the Stockley Pines Golf Resort during the final of The Times of India Leaders Challenge Tour - presented by Sahara India Pariwar in association with Chevrolet - on Sunday.The golf course, which played a perfect host during the practice round with intermittent gush of cold winds, showed its real teeth during the final round. With winds of over 70 miles per hour, the players experienced the real test of golf and perhaps realized what it takes to be a professional golfer.The 20 finalists struggled in such hostile conditions and the golfer who survived the turmoil was Hyderabad's Madhav Kota, MD, Brightlight Renewable Technologies Pvt. Ltd, as he emerged the Overall Champion and walked away with a brand new Chevrolet Cruze , the latest offering from GM nicknamed the \"Diesel Rocket\".Ikramuddin Khan, MD, Soho Hotels emerged as the runner-up in the top category. Madhav's citymate Alluri Srinivasa Rao, MD, Morgan Stanley won the 18-24 handicap category with Bangalore's Ravishankar Krishna, CMD, Orchid Yoyages finishing second.Madhav and Srinivasa Rao also helped Hyderabad lift the team title with Vasu Merugu and Sakaar Anand forming the winning quartet. Vasu and Srinivasa also emerged as the winner and runner-up respectively in the Ballantine's Longest Drive competition while C Srinivasa won the Closest to Pin award.The event is co-sponsored by Ballantine's and Shri Ramswaroop Memorial Group of Professional Colleges while Oberoi Hotels &amp; Resorts and Trident Hotels are the hospitality partners for the regional rounds and Cotstyle the 'Styling Partner'. The winner's prizes for the regional rounds were sponsored by The Mobile Store and the event is managed by Tiger Sports Marketing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14251596", "title": "Eight killed in SUV-truck collision", "text": "RAJKOT: Eight people were killed in an SUV-truck collision on Rajkot-Bhavnagar highway on Monday.Police said the incident occurred on Monday afternoon when a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction rammed into the SUV in which all the accident victims were traveling. The deceased, including five women and three men, were from the same family.Police identified the deceased as Nayna Dodia, 40, Kailash Dodia, 45, Hansa Makwana, 50, Lalji Dodia, 48, Hasmukh Dodia, 45, Usha Dodia, 40, Dilip Dodia, 38, and Madhu Dodia, 35.\"While four victims were killed on the spot, the other four succumbed to injuries at Rajkot Civil Hospital soon after admission,\" said an investigating official from Rajkot taluka police station.The truck driver, who caused the accident, was thrashed by locals gathered at the accident site. However, after the cops arrived at the scene and controlled the situation, he managed to give them the slip. \"We've booked the erring driver for rash driving and launched the manhunt against him. His identity is yet to be ascertained,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251722", "title": "Man arrested in Nigdi firing case", "text": "PUNE: The police on Monday arrested Yogesh Subhash Gawde (30) of Vashi in Navi Mumbai in an alleged accidental firing incident that took place near the Bhakti-Shakti Chowk in Nigdi on Sunday evening.Gawde's friend, Jaydeep Bhagvan Devkule (24) of Vashi, Navi Mumbai, sustained a bullet injury in his back when Gawde accidentally pulled the trigger of a pistol while they were sitting inside a car. Devkule was in the front seat beside his friend in the driver's seat. The bullet had pierced the car seat and hit Devkule in his back.Inspector of the Nigdi police station P N Supekar told TOI that Devkule, an employee of an internet service provider, had come to Pune from Mumbai by car. He was accompanied by his employer, Dinesh Patil and friends Jagadish Solanki and Rahim Shaikh. In the evening, they all met Gawde and had tea with him. \"While they were in the car, Gawde took out an unlicensed pistol to show it them. They asked him to put it away, but Gawde removed the magazine and reloaded it. He accidentally pulled the trigger injuring Devkule.\"Supekar said Gawde fled from the spot following the incident. He was arrested from Nigdi on Monday.He said the complainant, Devkule, and the others said the incident was an accident. \"However, we are investigating the case from all angles,\" Supekar said.Gawde works at the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee in Vashi. He has been charged under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code and under relevant sections of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250153", "title": "4 Nagpur Vikas Aghadi corporators elected as zonal chiefs", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) maintained its dominance in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) by winning four seats of zone chairpersons (mini-mayors) unopposed on Monday. Congress boycotted the elections objecting to the alterations in distribution of wards in various zones.NVA's candidate and BJP corporator from RPTS ward Gopal Bohare was elected unopposed from Laxmi Nagar Zone. From Dharampeth Zone NVA's candidate Meena Chaudhari was also elected unopposed. The team of independent corporators who are part of NVA compelled the BJP to leave the seat to Chaudhari, independent corporator from Vayu Sena Nagar ward and mother of former corporator Kamlesh. Here two corporators of NCP Prakash Gajbhiye and Pragati Patil were present but remained neutral. Gajbhiye lodged a complaint with presiding officer and mayor Anil Sole of not receiving any notice of election.BJP kept the remaining two zones for itself. First time corporator from Mhalgi Nagar Swati Akhatkar was elected unopposed from Hanuman Nagar. Two BSP corporators Kishor Gajbhiye and Satyabhama Lokhande and NCP corporator Raju Nagulwar were present but remained neutral thus indirectly supporting the NVA candidate. In Dhantoli Zone, corporator from Rameshwari Sumitra Jadhav was also elected unopposed.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke felicitated all four and thanked all NVA corporators for the victory. Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre lodged a complaint and demanded suspension of elections alleging conspiracy in wards distribution. \"The issue will be taken up with the state government and we will demand the election be declared illegal,\" he said.The election for four other zones- Nehru Nagar, Gandhibagh, Satranjipura and Lakadganj- will be held on Tuesday followed by two zones- Ashi Nagar and Mangalwari- on Wednesday. Observers say NVA will win all four zones on Tuesday that too unanimously. Sources told TOI that BJP will keep its corporators at three zones and give one to Shiv Sena. Senior Sena corporator Kishor Kumeriya is likely candidate from Nehru Nagar. Uma Gatibandhe may be candidate from Gandhibagh, Kalpak Bhanarkar from Satranjipura and Sarita Kaore from Lakadganj.After giving indirect support to BJP, BSP may get Ashi Nagar zone with Abhishek Shambarkar likely candidate. The Congress will have to be satisfied with just Mangalwari Zone. Corporator Dr Prashant Chopra or Suresh Jagyasi are in the fray from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14260134", "title": "Kareena out, Deepika steps in as Emraan's new heroine", "text": "So who's afraid of Emraan Hashmi? Not Deepika Padukone, who has reportedly given her nod to the ambitious Ekta Kapoor- Karan Johar venture. Dippy in fact picks up where Kareena had left off.Readers may recall that despite agreeing to do the film when it was first announced, Kareena had politely bowed out when it became obvious that Emraan would be playing the male lead. Though no official reason was ever cited for her walkout, it has been rumoured that Bebo was not comfortable sharing screen space with Hashmi, who is fast gaining currency as one of the most unlikely heroes.Dippy however seems to have no such qualms. If at all, she seems to be keen on getting out of her comfort zone. First she signed up with her ex lover, and now this.A source close to the Balaji-Dharma project revealed, \"It is strange Kareena was not happy with her role. She also told Ekta and Karan that her wedding would be around the same time they wanted to start shooting for the film. It's a heroine-oriented film and Emraan is not the mainstay of the project. Deepika was so excited about her role that she agreed to it a couple of days before boarding the flight to Turkey , where she is currently shooting for Race 2. \"According to the source, later, Kareena had a change of heart and expressed a wish to return to the project. But it was too late by then. \"It would have been unethical to show Deepika the door then. Moreover, they were unanimous in their opinion that Deepika could pull off the role as efficiently as Kareena would have.\"\"The film is an urban take on love - it is quirky, edgy and dramatic,\" says an insider. Debutant director Akshay Roy who wields the megaphone is in fifth gear for his challenging assignment, which starts later this year. Sources from both Dharma and Balaji confirmed the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14257525", "title": "Man falls into open manhole, dies", "text": "SURAT: A 53-year-old man died after he fell into a 20-feet deep open storm drainage manhole on Jahangirpura main road on Monday morning. Two manholes had been left open outside Milan township.Jagdishbhai P Bhagvagar was walking on the road around 8.30 am when he fell into the manhole. Fire brigade took him out and he was rushed to New Civil Hospital in a 108 ambulance. However, he was declared dead.The manhole in which Bhagvagar had fallen into was repaired within two hours. But the second manhole just eight feet away still lies open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14255404", "title": "Axe on Hazaribag OC for rising crime graph", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Officer in charge of Hazaribag Sadar police station Abhash Kumar has been suspended by SP Pankaj Kamboj for his alleged failure to contain sudden rise in crime in his area in the past three months.The SP said during the last week several incidents of robbing a forest ranger and an executive of telecom company took place. \"None of the cases have been solved\". tnnDuring the past three months, the incidents of bike lifting rose to such an extent that he was forced to suspend the OC for gross dereliction of duty. \"About 16 to 18 two-wheelers were stolen from various parts of Hazaribag town. In none of the above cases, police have succeeded in tracing the criminals.\" He further said he inspected the records of the Sadar PS twice and found that records were not properly maintained by the OC. Dinesh Kumar Singh has been posted as the new OC of Hazaribag Sadar PS with specific orders to solve the crimes and arrest the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14263608", "title": "Ashwini Dutt to remake Chiranjeevi\u2019s JVAS?", "text": "Ashwini Dutt, the producer of yesteryear blockbuster film \" Jagadeka Verudu Athiloka Sundari\", aspires to make a sequel to the original version. Speaking at the CineMAA awards, the producer showred praises on K Raghavenddra Rao (KRR) when the latter was honored with MAA TV's Lifetime Achievement award.Praising the legendary director to the skies, Ashwini Dut said that if his banner (Vyjayanthi Movies) is known for making prestigious films, the credit goes to K Raghavenddra Rao who has made 14 films under his banner.Dutt further added that Raghavendra Rao has wielded the megaphone for more than 100 movies films out of which nearly 80 films were super hits. Calling it as a great feat, the producer christened the director as 'Bhagawadh Gita' for the Telugu box office. \"I want to remake \"Jagadeka Verudu Athiloka Sundari\" and I want KRR to direct it\", said Ahswini Dutt. But who's going to star in the remake? Let's wait and see!\"Jagadeka Verudu Athiloka Sundari\" (1990) is a socio-fanasty film directed by K Raghavendra Rao. The pairing of megastar Chiranjeevi and Sridevi combined with the backdrop of mythology mixed fantasy was the main highlight of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "gros islet", "code": "14262361", "title": "India 'A' face series defeat against West Indies 'A'", "text": "GROS ISLET: India 'A' stand on the verge of a probable series defeat after suffering yet another batting collapse in their second innings against West Indies 'A' on the third day of the third and final unofficial Test.After conceding a crucial 106-run first innings lead to West Indies 'A', India's top-order yet again disappointed as the visitors ended the third and penultimate day at 181 for seven in their second essay, with a slender lead of 75 runs with only couple of wickets left as Robin Bist is unlikely to come out to bat.After India's first four wickets fell cheaply for just 35 runs, Manoj Tiwary showed some resilience with a gritty 62 off 119 balls to take the visitors forward in their second innings in wicket-keeper Wriddhiman Saha's company.At stumps on day three, Saha remained unbeaten on 48 while giving him company was Shami Ahmed on 16.For the hosts, pace duo of Delorn Johnson and Kevin McClean scalped three wickets apiece to derail India's innings.With a healthy first innings lead on their side, Johnson and McClean bowled aggressively to put the hosts on top.Johnson, who has dismissed Abhinav Mukund four times on the tour so far, had his man again when he got the out-of-form India opener to edge one to keeper Devon Thomas . Mukund's sequence of scores on the tour read a poor 0, 0, 8, 8, 10 and 20.The Chennai batsman's dismissal brought the rain, forcing the players to walk off the field at the Beausejour Stadium.On resumption, India were dealt a blow again as Ajinkya Rahane had no answer to a perfect outswinger by Johnson.India were 23/2 when Rahane gave Thomas his second catch of the day.There was another setback in store for the visitors as in-form skipper Cheteshwar Pujara too failed to make a substantial contribution, thanks to a brilliant catch by Kieran Powell at gully off McClean's bowling.Rohit Sharma also perished soon, handing a catch to Kyle Corbin to give Johnson his third wicket of the day.But then Tiwary and Saha forged a 95-run fifth-wicket stand to take India forward before the former fell LBW to McClean.Jalaj Saxena then became McClean third victim before leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo cleaned up Akshay Darekar to pick up his first wicket of the innings.India 'A' had won the first unofficial Test by two runs before West Indies A levelled the series with a thumping 125-run win in the second match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254356", "title": "Siruvani water level goes up", "text": "COIMBATORE: The water level in the Siruvani reservoir has shot up by 70 cm to 864.7 metre on Monday due to consistent rainfall in the city over the weekend. The water supplied to the city from Siruvani has also been increased from 61 mld to 75 mld on Monday thereby bringing a respite to the city corporation officials. If the current rate of rainfall is sustained for the coming days then the city residents can shed their apprehensions about any shortfall in the drinking water supply in the coming days claimed officials.\"Siruvani and its catchment areas are receiving good rainfall and we expect considerable rise in the water level,\" said senior officials from irrigation department in Kanjirapuzha in Kerala.According to senior officials from Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board the water level has risen from 863.9 metre to 864.7 metre after 140 mm of rainfall since Sunday.\"It is still raining in the catchment areas of Siruvani on Monday evening and it is a very positive development,' said a senior TWAD official.The city corporation had cut down the Siruvani supply from existing 36 wards to about 25 wards and was diverting Pillur II water to these wards to balance the shortage in water supply last week. Two diversion valves at Tatabad and RS Nagar were being operated for this purpose. Though Siruvani water supply has gone up after the rains, the Pillur water supply is getting disrupted due to rain related maintenance work at the pumping stations in the Pillur reservoir.\"There was slight disruption in the Pillur supply but it has been rectified now and we are getting about 64 mld of water,\" said a senior corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14253980", "title": "Faithful pray for peace on Shab-e-Mairaj", "text": "LUDHIANA: Followers of Prophet Muhammad observed Shab-e-Mairaj with religious fervour on Sunday night in the city joining special prayers at Shahi Mosque in Field Gang and praying for world peace. They believe that on this night Prophet Muhammad ascended to the highest level of heaven on a special journey to meet Allah.Civil Lines resident Muhammad Zubair, owner of a garment factory, said, \"The night of Shab-e-Mairaj is special as Allah Almighty gave the order of the five daily 'salat' (prayers) as mandatory for devotees. I prayed for those close to me and also for peace in the entire world.\" Zubair added that he also distributed money among the poor as it is considered auspicious.Dr Muhammad Idrees of Model Town said he also prayed for peace and tranquillity in the country on Sunday night. \"I recited Quran from night till morning because it is considered a good thing. I also fed a poor person,\" he said.Muhammad Usmaan Rehmani, Naib Shahi Imaam (priest) Punjab, said, \"The faithful gathered at the mosque after night prayer to offer special prayers that continued till 'Fajr' (pre-dawn prayers). Religious scholars also preached about the teachings and life of the Prophet.\" He added that he specially prayed for violence to end across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249717", "title": "Call for protection of rights, dignity of transgenders", "text": "GUWAHATI: The department of law at Gauhati University and the Assam Legal Service Authority (ALSA) have urged the state government to take strong steps to ensure the safety and dignity of transgenders in the state.Backing the cause, renowned transgender activist Kalki Subramaniam also emphasized on the urgent need to safeguard the rights of transgenders and asked the state government to take exemplary action to remove the social stigma faced by the community.Kalki, who came here to attend a workshop on transgender issues, said that the social exclusion of transgenders is a major problem. \"The ill treatment meted out to transgenders by their own families, educational institutions and police has been a major problem in our society but nothing really has been done about it. Transgenders are not unnatural, but they're uncommon. Due to the lack of awareness and sensitivity in the mainstream towards them, their talents and contribution to the society are largely ignored.\"The activist cited examples of many cases in which a transgender has been compelled to take his or her own life due to social harassment. \"Even when a transgender goes to a police station for help, he or she is treated inhumanly on most occasions. There are provisions in the constitution to protect them but are transgenders really benefiting from them? We need to do a reality check on whether they are really living with dignity,\" Kalki added.The law department of the university also raised the need for a 'neutral' or 'third sex' category for transgenders in educational institutes and at the work place.\"What will a transgender write in the sex category when he or she goes for admission to an educational institution or at the work place? There should be a special category like 'neutral' or 'third sex' in application/joining forms,\" said Subham Rajkhowa, dean, faculty of law, Gauhati University.Supporting the cause, Justice A Saikia of the Assam Human Rights Commission (AHRC) called for counseling and said he hoped that the problems of transgenders would be highlighted before the state human rights commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255862", "title": "JOA bid to host SAF Games", "text": "RANCHI: Having successfully organized the 34th National Games in 2011, the Jharkhand Olympic Association has staked its claim to host XII South Asian Federation (SAF) Games to utilize the world-class sports infrastructure here. Although a final decision is likely to be taken after a meeting between the National Olympic Committee and the Union sports ministry in July, JOA officials who attended the recent NOC meet in New Delhi said it would depend upon the Prime Minister if the SAF games are handed over to Jharkhand.SAF Games, now named as South Asian Games, is a biennial sports event in which eight nations participate. The XII SAF games were scheduled to be organized in Bhutan but after it backed out, Delhi staked the claim with an objective to utilize the sports infrastructure that came up during 2010 Commonwealth Games.JOA secretary S M Hashmi said the organizers, the South Asian Olympic Council, want the games to be held in 2013 because it was already running behind schedule, whereas Delhi has expressed its willingness to host the event in 2014. \"Our claim assumes significance and is likely to be approved because we have proved our mettle during the National Games and entire infrastructure is readily available with us,\" he added.According to Hashmi, apart from administrative preparation the JOA is left with no other job to prepare for the SAF Games.\"The Union sports ministry, Indian Olympic Association and all major sports federation of the country have witnessed and praised the facilities available here,\" he said. Asked if the mega sports complex at Hotwar can host all the events of the SAF Games, Hashmi said the SAF Games comprises 26 events whereas the JOA conducted 34 events during the National Games. \"Some of the events like squash may be organized in Dhanbad and a few others in Jamshedpur,\" Hashmi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14253714", "title": "Speeding Audi rams into auto, 1 hurt", "text": "GURGAON: A speeding Audi rammed into an autorickshaw, critically injuring its driver, near South City II chowk on Sohna Road late on Sunday. The impact of the crash was such that the autorickshaw was thrown in the air and rolled over thrice on the road before coming to a halt. According to a source, the driver of the luxury sedan, a woman, fled the spot.A police team reached the spot soon after and rushed the injured autorickshaw driver, Shiv Shankar, a resident of Aaya Nagar in Delhi, to a nearby hospital. However, when the police reached the hospital later on Monday afternoon to record the injured's statement, the autorickshaw driver was nowhere to be found. Investigations into the case are on and the police are looking for both %the Audi and autorickshaw driver. The autorickshaw driver has not lodged any complaint yet, said the police. We will lodge an FIR once we trace the %autorickshaw driver and record his statement,\" said Yashwant, SHO, Sadar %police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14252362", "title": "Sociology offers insight into society", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sociology is the study of society that involves analysing trends, tracking developments and understanding the causes and impacts of various changes across the world.\"It teaches us to appreciate society, to imagine society as they exist and to understand the way the world is and the direction the world will develop in,\" said Reema Bhatia, associate professor, department of sociology, Miranda House. BA (honours) in sociology is offered in only eight colleges in Delhi University \u2014 Hindu, Janaki Devi Mahavidyalaya, Jesus and Mary, Kamla Nehru, Lady Shri Ram, Maitreyi, Miranda House and Sri Venkateswara.Eligibility: Sociology (honours) is open to students from all streams. In DU colleges admission is based on best of four subjects, which includes one language and three academic subjects. The highest first cutoff last year was at LSR which was 94%, followed by 90% to 93% in Hindu and 87% to 93% at Sri Venkateswara. At Miranda House the first cutoff was 89.5% and admission closed at the first list itself. Interestingly, it is relatively easier for female aspirants to secure a seat in the course as six of the eight colleges offering sociology (honours) are women colleges.Course content: The course came under semester mode in 2011 and is divided into six semesters across three years. A year before that the syllabus was also revised and contents were updated.\"The first two semesters involve introduction to sociology and sociology of India. In the third and fourth semester students are taught sociology kinship and religion, economic sociology and political sociology. In the final year students learn sociological theories and methods of sociological research and social stratification. They also have to opt for one optional paper in each of the last two semesters,\" said Bhatia.Even though the titles seem similar to the old course in the annual mode, the contents have undergone significant changes For instance, students can now study about the declining sex ratio in Punjab from a sociological perspective. They can also study about the Khap panchayats of Haryana.Road ahead: \"One has to keep in mind that this is an undergraduate degree. It is not a professional or vocational course that will fetch a job immediately after graduation. But the placement cell is very active and students have earned good offers including those from global giants like Google.\"Our students have also received the Legislative Assistants to Members of Parliament fellowship, jobs in newspapers, marketing research companies. Three major areas where a sociology students are absorbed are research, business and media ,\" said Bhatia.Experts say it is advisable to follow up a degree in sociology with a master's programme. \"MA in sociology is offered in Jawaharlal Nehru University, Jamia Millia Islamia and Delhi School of Economics. One can also do a master's in social work from Delhi School of Social Work and in Tata Institute of Social Sciences in Mumbai. Many in fact also go to IIT for masters in sociology,\" said Bhatia.Bhatia said a degree in international relations from places like JNU or women and development studies in TISS can also improve the career graphs. \"Many students also pursue and do well in MBA specializing in HR (personal management),\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14249732", "title": "Hordes of students queue up outside Handique on first day of admission", "text": "GUWAHATI: With bated breath, hordes of students were seen waiting for their turn on the first day of admission for the arts stream at the TDC first-semester level in Handique Girls' College on Monday.The admission procedure kick-started with 465 marks or 93% as the base starting point. Known for its strict decorum and tighter norms and regulations, the only girls' college saw around 1815 applicants for the arts stream alone. With 600 seats available for the TDC first semester arts stream out of which 450 are for majors and 150 for the general category, the first day saw seats for subjects like English, economics and political Science being filled up one after another. The second round will commence on Tuesday.\"We got around 350 to 360 marks and we are eagerly waiting for our turns. The base mark started off at 465 which, were secured by one Diksha Dutta. We don't know what will happen to us,\" said Julie Sheikh, Binata Das and Pooja Basumatary.Till mid-afternoon, more than 200 seats were filled up and the marks for subjects in the general category are English (401), education (389) and political science (388).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257109", "title": "Kanpur gets scattered rainfall", "text": "KANPUR: The scattered rain and cloudy weather on Monday afternoon gave some respite to the people from the blistering heat. The increase in moisture content in the atmosphere turned the weather humid. The weather experts predicted that the monsoon may not arrive in the city before June 25.The minimum temperature stood at 41.2 degrees Celsius. It was 2.7 degrees less than that of Sunday. The minimum temperature dipped by two degrees and reached 29.2 degrees. The cloud cover increased the humidity. The humidity was 56% in the morning and 40% in the afternoon.The weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that the thunder showers may add to the humidity. The scattered showers were due to development of a low pressure area in the region. These were not pre-monsoon showers.The continuous increase in both the minimum and maximum temperatures in the past few days had created a low pressure area which resulted into scattered rainfall in some parts of the city.The weather experts predicted that the monsoon is over a week away. The normal date for the monsoon arrival in city is somewhere between June 17 and 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14262536", "title": "Preity Zinta is scripting another film", "text": "During the last IPL when Preity Zinta showed up in Dharamshala everyone thought she's here to root for her Team Punjab, oblivious of her strong filmy ambitions of turning into a script writer with \" Ishkq In Paris\".Though last year the secret slipped out late, we have the latest news from her recent Dharamshala outing that she's started to work on another script, which certainly is not a sequel to \" Ishkq In Paris\".Confirming this Preity said, \"That's true. I have got on with another story line. But it's at a very early stage. I am yet to decide on the title of the movie.\"\" Sources close to PZ said, \"Since she belongs to Himachal Pradesh , she always likes to initiate things from her home state. Also, her creativity heightens in tranquil environs.\"\" We heard she even invoked divine blessings for her second innings as a script writer. The chances of PZ also assisting as a director are high.When asked whether the second untitled flick will take off from where \"IIP\" will end, Preity said, \"Not at all. It's a brand new story with lot of visual elements too. I plan to shoot this project in Himachal and some lesser known destinations in north India.\" PZ stayed in Dharamshala for four days to make optimum use of her spare time. \"She used to be up till late to examine various angles of her film's plot. During the no match day she even visited some places in the hill state to scout for locales.\"\"The final draft of the movie will be out when PZ visits Mumbai for a meeting with her latest constituted team of creative and technical people. \"\"I am very excited about the project,\"\" said Preity while keeping suspense over her role in this venture. \"\"Just wait,\"\" is what she left us with...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14253814", "title": "Pali substation capacity to be boosted", "text": "NOIDA: To minimize the gap between increasing power demand in Noida and Greater Noida and low-level of supply, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has proposed to hike the transformer capacity of the 400KV substation in Pali from which both cities draw electricity. A buffer of around 185MVA would be created by replacing one of the three 315MVA transformers with a 500MVA one.The proposal has been mooted as the Pali substation has been under great stress due to huge increase in power demand. While Noida draws around 800MVA from Pali, Greater Noida uses around 150MVA. The substation is on the brink of breakdown as its total transformer capacity remains at 3X315 MVA, much less than the total power demand.\"The tendering process for replacing the transformer would begin after the model code of conduct for the urban local body polls is lifted,\" said an official.\"By replacing one of the 315MVA transformers with a 500MVA one, we will be able to create a buffer of around 185MVA. This buffer would meet power demand in both cities till the two new 400KV substations are built and operational,\" said a senior official of UPPCL. A sudden breakdown of Pali substation can engulf the twin cities in a complete blackout. Work on the two new 400KV substations in Sectors 123 and 148 are in various stages of progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14264751", "title": "Shore up your child\u2019s vitamin D levels", "text": "If your child experiences lethargy, vitamin D deficiency could be one of the reasons.A recent survey by Ipsos Research shows that only 5 per cent of the mothers surveyed knew that the lack of vitamin D causes fatigue or lethargy. And only 4 per cent of them were aware of the fact that without it their child wouldn't be healthy or active. The general tendency among the mothers surveyed was to associate vitamin D with bone strength, with 87 per cent of them saying that vitamin D helps make bones stronger. There seems to be a lack of awareness among many mothers about the relationship between vitamin D and an active lifestyle.Till recently, many medical researchers and doctors believed that vitamin D deficiency only caused diseases like rickets and softening of bones and teeth. But studies over the last two decades have shown that vitamin D is one of the leading causes of lethargy. A lack of vitamin D affects neuro-cognitive functions and sleep cycles, which end up resulting in fatigue and lethargy.Weakness, tiredness and a general lack of motivation; these symptoms are often attributed to ailments like anaemia or low blood sugar. However, based on recent research, these symptoms can also be attributed to a deficiency in vitamin D.\"The primary cause for vitamin D deficiency is the lack of exposure to sunlight. Vitamin D is naturally produced in the body with the help of ultraviolet rays present in sunlight. So if your child's exposure to the sun is limited, there is a good chance that they will be vitamin D deficient. This is also the reason why countries within the temperate zone have a higher instance of this deficiency,\" says clinical nutritionist, Dr Nupur Krishnan. What also causes this problem is the fact that vitamin D production is at its highest during early mornings and gradually becomes non-existent towards the end of the day. Most children today tend to be exposed to sunlight in the latter half of the day and are therefore, unable to get their regular fix of vitamin D.\"My son Jeet often had problems concentrating in class. He didn't seem enthusiastic at all. And considering he is a 10-year-old who should be full of energy, he preferred staying indoors and just lazing around,\" says Veena Sampat, a Mumbai-based homemaker. \"We first thought he was going through a phase, but after a point we had to seek medical advice. It was only after we tested for nutritional deficiencies that we discovered he was vitamin D deficient,\" says Sampat.Cases like these aren't as rare as you may think. With a lifestyle that often tends to promote sedentary indoor activities, many children today stay indoors, thus, increasing the possibility of being vitamin D deficient. In fact, according to a study in the New England Journal of Medicine, over 1 billion people suffer from vitamin D deficiency globally. \"I always thought vitamin D helped in calcium absorption. But I had no idea that it aids to an active lifestyle. Plus with the amount of sunlight we get in India, I really didn't think that one could have a vitamin D deficiency. It was only after my daughter suffered from it did I discover these facts,\" says Astha Mistry, a homemaker whose 12-year-old daughter was recently diagnosed vitamin D deficient.So how can mothers deal with this problem?\"The easiest and the most advisable way to increase vitamin D levels is through exposure to sunlight during early mornings. Unfortunately, due to modern lifestyles the chances of that happening are very low. Therefore, one needs to increase their vitamin D levels through dietary intakes,\" says Dr Krishnan. Alternatively, mothers can also include dietary supplements in their child's daily routine to increase vitamin D levels. One of the easiest methods for this could be by consuming malted, milk-based beverages like Bournvita that are rich in vitamin D.Vitamin D deficiency can become a nagging problem for many children. Fortunately, it can be tackled easily. So the best thing to do would be to let your child spend as much time in the morning sun as possible and try to include foods rich in vitamin D in your child's diet.Mission nutritionOn March 17, Courtyard Marriott in Ahmedabad saw a packed house as mothers thronged from across the city to attend the interactive seminar, Mission Nutrition, held by Cadbury Bournvita. The seminar had experts advising mothers on how to provide better nutrition to their kids. The event was attended by model-turned-actor and doctor, Aditi Govitrikar and nutritionist Dr Purvi Panchal.Speaking on the occasion, Dr Govitrikar highlighted the importance of vitamin D in a child's daily diet and voiced her concerns as a mother on the impact of vitamin D deficiency. Addressing the audience, Aditi said, \"This is a brilliant initiative by Cadbury Bournvita. The current generation is a TV-addicted generation and is more prone to vitamin D deficiency. They need to know the importance of physical activity and vitamin D.\"Dr Panchal spoke on the role of vitamin D and how important it is for a growing child. The fun-filled event lasted for three hours and included games, quizzes and a Q&A; session.To know more, log on to www.cadburybournvita.in(We invite queries from our readers. Call us on the Cadbury Bournvita helpline number : 1800 22 8530 from 9\u20145 pm on weekdays) - Helpine NoA Consumer connect initiative", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14256146", "title": "Ariyamangalam composite yard raises a stink", "text": "TRICHY: For more than two decades, people residing in Ariyamangalam in Trichy have been suffering from various health hazards and other contagious diseases that spread from the vast composite yard situated in the area. A new plan has now been proposed to dump the garbage in abandoned stone-quarry pits in the city outskirts of Thuvakudi in Trichy.SP Saravanan, a former councillor of the Trichy corporation submitted a petition to the district collector on Monday, to consider the demand to create a pollution-free atmosphere in residential areas that are in close proximity to the yard.The petition came up a day after district collector Jayashree Muralidharan ordered the fencing of more than 10 abandoned stone quarry pits following two recent instances where four persons accidentally drowned in these pits. More than 10 stone quarries in the five km radius, with a depth of 300 feet were abandoned a few years ago in Thuvakudi. Since then, the pits remain unprotected and have claimed many lives.According to Saravanan, as many as 10,000 people residing near the composite yard had to live in an unhygienic atmosphere as for the past two decades, the corporation had turned a deaf ear to their demand to shift the yard to the outskirts of the city. \"Before being upgraded as a corporation, the Trichy municipality had created a composite yard in Ariyamangalam where not many people resided then. As the city expanded, the number of houses in the area went up and the quantity of garbage also increased. Earlier, the plastic-free garbage was used as an organic fertilizer, but the abundance of plastic wastes in the later years, forced farmers to refrain from doing so. More than 100 tonnes of waste brought from the 65 wards of the corporation daily, occupies the 44.7 acre vast composite yard,\" he said. Small children in the area are prone to respiratory problems due to the toxic smoke when the garbage catches fire. The ground water also gets contaminated, Sarvanan added.M Sekaran, president of the Federation of Consumer and Service Organisations, echoed the same view and demanded the administration to take steps on a war-footing to shift the composite yard in order to protect the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253255", "title": "2 days on, cops start looking for BMW", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after the road accident allegedly involving a BMW, Chandigarh police have started making efforts to trace the vehicle and scrutinized CCTV footages of cameras installed at transport light point, Sector 26, on Monday. An ambulance carrying a 10-year-old injured boy from Yamunagar Civil Hospital was hit by a speeding BMW at the light point on June 16.Though local police had obtained clinching evidences from the spot, investigation was stopped claiming ambulance driver Ashok Kumar did not lodge complaint against anybody.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said the registration number of vehicle involved is not clear in the CCTV footage, so technical assistance is being taken to find it out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250359", "title": "Kotaks buy flat in National Centre for Performing Arts apartments for Rs 26 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-bedroom flat in NCPA Apartments at Nariman Point was sold for over Rs 26 crore to Cumulus Trading Pvt Ltd, a company promoted by the Kotak family. Flat 72, which has a built-up area of 2,880 sq ft, was sold by Puma Properties, a 100% subsidiary of metals container maker Kaira Can, at a rate of Rs 90,000 per square feet.\"Cumulus Trading, a company majority owned by Suresh Kotak, has bought shares of Puma Properties Ltd from Kaira Can Co Ltd on June 11. Cumulus has paid taxes applicable to it,\" the Kotak Group said in a statement, confirming the purchase. The flat is located on the seventh floor of the sea-facing tower.This is the third flat bought by the family in NCPA. In 2006, managing director of Kotak Group Uday Kotak bought a 3,500 sq-ft four-bedroom flat on the sixth floor for Rs 13 crore at the rate of Rs 40,000 a sq ft. This apartment is right next to a 2,885 sq-ft three-bedroom flat where the family stayed.Kaira Can had told BSE it had disposed of investment in Puma Properties, without providing further details. The company bought the apartment 30 years ago for Rs 1.5 crore.Property consultants say it is not a record-breaking deal, but it assumes some significance as it was sold when the real estate market is sluggish, especially in the premium segment. \"Good buildings command a premium, especially from neighbours who are ready to shell out more than a normal buyer,\" said Pranay Vakil, chairman of Knight Frank, global property consultant.Kaira Can has sold its entire investment in Puma Properties to the buyer, effectively transferring the ownership of the flat that has been lying vacant for almost two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14255117", "title": "Academy to enrich libraries", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Konkani Sahitya Academy has decided to put its collection of books to good use. It is planning to distribute the books to 120 schools in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi where Konkani is taught as a third language.In its endeavour to encourage Konkani writers, the academy purchases books and compact discs worth Rs 2,000 published in the immediate past calendar year.With an objective to ensure that these schools have a Konkani section in their libraries, the academy will take out a ratha yatra - 'Konkani Sahitya Ratha' (Konkani literary chariot). It will cover 20 schools (of the 120) in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi on June 21 and 22 to hand over the books.\"Konkani is being taught as the third language in schools since 2007-08 and it is high time that these schools have a Konkani section in their libraries\" said Kasargod Chinna, the president of the academy.B Devadas Pai, the registrar of the academy told TOI there had been no specific library section for Konkani in the past in schools.\"The academy had given an assurance that it would help schools open Konkani section in their libraries. The academy with this move is making good its promise. While books will be given to 20 schools through the yatra, it will be delivered to remaining 100 schools.The books will cut across all genres of Konkani literature including short stories, poems, drama and novels.The academy had purchased books and compact discs worth Rs 1 lakh last year.Acknowledging that most of these books remain unsold, he said the academy members felt that the students could make use of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14252668", "title": "Poor show in XII may spoil higher education scene", "text": "LUCKNOW: Marks obtained by students in their class XII board exams do play an important role during admission in a college. While most of the students fill up an application form thinking admission will be based purely on entrance test, college authorities warn that they should have fared well in class XII exams.Sample this: Isabella Thoburn College, which is known for imparting quality education to the girls gives 80% weightage to the entrance test, but leaves the rest 20% on class XII performance. Talking to TOI, IT admissions in-charge, Hari Om Dwivedi said, \"Students can't take the board exams lightly. When it comes to admissions in BA, BSc, and BCom, we look for class XII marks in different subjects and then give admission.\"For a student to pursue BA in IT College, 50% marks in English in class XII is must. Another essential factor is an aggregate score of 45% to be secured by the student. Students who are keen on pursuing BCom and BSc (home science), an aggregate of minimum 50% is required in class XII. Similarly, for admissions in BSc (Maths) and BSc (Biology), the weightage of class 12 marks goes up to 55% minimum aggregate. Here, the entrance test for BA is scheduled on June 23 from 1.30 pm, the test for BCom will be held on June 22 from 9 am. The test for BSc (Maths) will take place on June 22 from 1.30 pm, and that of BSc (biology) is scheduled on June 23 from 9 am.One of the oldest city college , Lucknow Christian Degree College also gives weightage to both entrance test and academic performance in class XII. Here, 75% weightage is given to entrance tests and remaining 25% is given to class XII marks. In entrance test, a student should score 55% for admissions in BCom and BSc (Maths), 50% for BSc (Biology) and 40% for BA. Here, the entrance test for BA is scheduled on June 29 from 8 am, BSc (Biology) will be held on June 29 from 12.30 pm. Test for BSc (Maths) will be held on June 30 from 8 am while BCom will take place from 12.30 pm.Admission process in National PG College, the only autonomous college in the city, is little different. Here, the eligibility criteria play a vital role for taking up the entrance test. For appearing in BA, BSc entrance test, one should have a minimum of 45% in class XII. Likewise for appearing in BCom, the minimum requirement is 50%. The eligibility for professional courses such as BCA, BMS and BBA is 50% and for BCom (Hons) is 60% in class XII.Admissions coordinator, National PG College Rakesh Jain said, \"We do not give any weightage to class XII marks while admissions. Our selection process is entirely based on the entrance test. But in case, there is a difference of more than 25% marks in the entrance exam result and class XII percentage, then the student has to appear for second interview.\"- ( With inputs from Priyangi Agarwal and Asmita Pandey )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14250204", "title": "New excise policy ushers in fixed licence fee regime", "text": "HYDERABAD: As expected, the state government did away with the auctioning system and liquor licences will be granted through a draw of lots as per the new excise policy announced on Monday.With the existing licences expiring on June 30, the new policy will be in place on July 1, 2012 and the government has brought in a paradigm shift in the policy by introducing fixed fee licence regime. The fee fixation is based on the population of the area where the shops are proposed and the lowest price would be Rs 32.5 lakh where the population is less than 10,000 and the highest of Rs 1.04 crore in a city like Hyderabad where the population is above 10 lakh.The dealers can apply for the licence by paying a non-refundable application fee of Rs 25,000. The last date to file the application is June 25, and the draw of lots will be held either on June 26 or 27.The move to bring in the fixed fee licence method is apparently prompted by MRP violations by the retail outlets due to the huge amounts they paid during auctions in the previous year. The MRP violations and other irregularities have resulted in an ACB investigation monitored by the AP high court. While the new policy envisages strict implementation of MRP, it allows APBCL outlets and the retail shops of distilleries to act as price regulators. However, there would be no increase in the number of liquor shops and it remains at 5,696.The new policy lays down strict norms to curb belt shops. The retailers had demanded permission to serve liquor for consumption on the premises of the shop, but the government decided against it and stuck to the old norm of allowing permit rooms in non-municipal area where the population is more than 5,000. While retailers welcomed the fixed licence fee method, however, they felt that the licence fee was on the higher side. \"The rationale of doing away with the auctioning is to bring down the licence fee. But, it is still on the higher side in areas like Hyderabad city and it would not help in curbing MRP violation,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers Association. He appealed to the government to reduce the fee and also wanted it allow permit rooms even in municipal areas so that the dealers are not forced to resort to irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250048", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials willfully ignore govt directives", "text": "NAGPUR: It may be strange but officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have been ignoring directives from the State government despite repeated reminders and violating the norms. A circular issued by the NMC's committee department to all departments a few days back stated that the government had amendment the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act on May 21, 2011, increasing the powers of municipal secretary.The amendment made it mandatory for all departments to route the proposals to general body and standing committee through municipal secretary. This was because municipal secretary was the authority to vet all proposals as conforming with bylaws. The circular mentioned that many departments were not sending the proposal to municipal secretary and submitting them directly to the general body or standing committee. \"Circulars in this regard have been issued repeatedly but not heeded,\" said the circular.This was not only instance of willful violation of norms. Another circular issued by the NMC's general administration department also mentioned the same problem. It said the government had directed all civic bodies including NMC to mention address, fax and telephone numbers and email on letter pads of all departments in 2010 for the convenience of the citizens. The circular said many of departments were not doing this either. \"Many circulars were issued in this regard... All details should be mentioned on the letter pads,\" it said.A senior NMC official said it was common practice. \"Government issues various directives but departments take their own time to follow the same. A few departments intentionally ignore the guidelines,\" he said. Nobody is authorized to violate provisions in any Act. \"A civic body committing such violations sends wrong message,\" sources said.NMC officials also routinely violate Right to Information (RTI) Act. Despite repeated reminders, the complaints of the applicants regarding not acceptance of requests by the departments continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254340", "title": "Bureau of Immigration to recruit from state intelligence", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Bureau of Immigration (BOI), associated with the Central Intelligence Bureau, has written to the state government requesting for officers (approximately 50) to join them on deputation at the Trivandrum international airport. The immigration service at the airport was taken over by the BOI, by February end.At present, only 30 sanctioned staff handles seven of the 12 departure and 14 arrival counters at the Trivandrum airport. \"The state did not revise its staff strength since late 80s even though the airline capacity increased over the years. It is one of the reasons why immigration takes very long here,\" said a source from the State Intelligence Bureau.An airport authority official said that at present the BOI has positioned four officers, including two men who are at par with senior civil police officer rank, far less than what was expected. \"It will take a minimum of 100 personnel to fill the vacancies. We want to reduce the time taken to process the documents as it delays the entire ground handling process,\" said the AAI official. The State Intelligence Bureau has in turn passed the buck on to airline companies stating that departure/arrival cards are often filled out incorrectly and immigration officers end up writing it out for the passenger. \"We have requested for many changes, including additional assistance from airline staff to help fill out departure/arrival cards. We have also asked for an intercom facility to be provided to line arrival and departure counters, a canteen and a bigger office to cater to the growing staff and revolving chairs at all counters,\" said an SIB source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14253873", "title": "At Basant, spring lasts all year long", "text": "Six decades ago, Lal Singh traversed Ludhiana's streets, stopping at every school, ferrying kulfi that he made at home. The children called them 'Lal Singh ki kulfi.'Lal Singh invested Rs 50 in the venture, a handsome amount back then. But, he realized he needed a name to sell his kulfi and named it Basant Ice-Cream. Sixty years later, the dream that began in Lal Singh's home, is today a venture with a turnover of around Rs 40 crore. Basant Ice-Cream is now spread over Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu with 10 franchisees and 70 dealers.\"My father set up Basant Ice-Cream in 1952 with handmade ice creams in small quantity. He would take his 'kulfis' in a hand-cart to every school in Ludhiana. It was a family affair \u2014 while my father spent his day selling 'kulfi', my mother and sister prepared 'kulfi' at home for the next day's sale,\" says Lal Singh's son Rajinder Singh. \"He soon had loyal customers, who would travel up to wherever my father was to savour his 'kulfi'. They would tell my father that there was magic in his fingers,\" he adds.He has had his ups and downs. Rivals have tried to cash in on popularity of brand Basant and tweaked the name to create similar sounding brand names. Rajinder, however, says the quality of the product stood the test of time and the brand emerged victorious.Journey of Basant brand1952: Birth of Basant brand as Lal Singh began selling Basant kulfi on a handcart outside Ludhiana schools.1958: Lal Singh rented a small shop at Field Gunj and began selling kulfi. He coined the name Basant Ice-cream. He later bought the shop and even now, it is this outlet that clocks the maximum sale.1964: Lal Singh's son Rajinder Singh, who was in class 8, began helping his father. They introduced new flavours and offered more choices.1972: Rajinder joined his father's business full-time. They began experimenting with new flavours and mixes. Ice-cream business was diversified and innovations fruit ice cream, kulfi gharey wali, milk badam and kulfi faluda introduced.1982-85: Business grew in this period.1989: Lal Singh passed away and his two sons \u2014 Rajinder Singh Basant and Bhupinder Singh Basant took over the business.1990s: Besides ice cream, many new products added under the Basant brand name -- fast food, restaurants and a resort. Business is expanded across Ludhiana and in some other cities.2002: Rajinder's son Charanjit Singh given the responsibility to run ice cream business. They imported machinery from Italy to make high-quality ice-cream.'It's become a ritual'Over the years, Basant Ice-Cream has become a part of lives of Ludhianvis. \"During summer, Basant ice-cream is a part of our dinner. Over the years, it has become a ritual. We throng the nearest Basant ice-cream store after dinner every night,\" said Deepika Khana, a resident of Sarabha Nagar.\"I had been to Shimla recently with my family on a holiday and was pleasantly surprised to find Basant ice-cream at a local store there. I shared the success story of this brand with the owner of that store. I felt proud while recounting the success story,\" said Model Town resident Rajesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14260698", "title": "Property agent charred to death", "text": "NAGPUR: A real estate dealer, in his forties, was charred to death in the early hours of Tuesday at his rented room at Sangam Nagar in Gittikhadan after a fire broke out in his place. Syed Ahmed Khan was burnt alive in his sleep in the blazing inferno. The staffers from Gittikhadan police station rushed to the spot after neighbours alerted the police control room. Fire brigade personnel too reached the place within a short time dousing the flames.Police said that Khan was a chain-smoker. The cigarette buts could have led to the incident or it could be a short-circuit somewhere in the room, said police. It has also come to fore that Khan was left disturbed after he was separated from his wife for a period of one year. Sub-inspector Dinesh Dahatonde of Gittikhadan police station said that Khan's charred body was retrieved from the ashes after the fire brigade managed to doused the fire. \"\"It was a single room in which the fire remained restricted and did not spread out in the neighbourhood,\"\" said Dahatonde.This is the second incident in the city within a period of little more than 24 hours where fire incident claimed life apart from property losses. In the earlier incident, grocer Annaji Johri died while four in his family were injured after a fire broke out at their place at Adarsh colony in Rana Pratap Nagar.Gittikhadan police has registered a case of accidental death. Khan's body was sent for post-mortem to Indira Gandhi government medical college and hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14253656", "title": "CBSE online admission form facility flops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The facility of online admission forms on CBSE website was launched for the convenience of students applying for Class XI in Tricity government schools, but it seems to have failed to serve its purpose.Thousands of students could not download the admission forms for the 10th consecutive day due to a server problem. Only a few number of applicants have been successful. Many pupils said the registration link on the website does not open even after trying for hours together. \"To avoid standing in long queues, I tried to download the form, but could not do so,\" said Anshuman Chaudhary of Sector 40. Neeraj Thakur, a resident of Sector 41, said, \"I had to go to a school to get the form as the online facility is hardly of any help.\"Ram Kumar Sharma, district education officer, however, said, \"I have not yet received any such complaint, but I will soon take up the matter with the technical department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254323", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee slams Team Anna for unfair campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal demanded an independent probe into allegations against finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , the UPA's presidential candidate and the Congress aggressively denied the charges, questioning the ethical standards of India Against Corruption (IAC).Mukherjee slammed Team Anna for \"unfair\" and \"motivated\" allegations against him, just after he was chosen as the presidential candidate of the UPA.He said the allegations were \"false, self-seeking, mala-fide and made with ulterior motive and lacking any form of responsibility\".The finance ministry said that the allegations made against Mukherjee in the Scorpene submarine scam were based on \"blatant inaccuracies and false surmises\" in two articles that appeared in a news magazine, and accused anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare and his associates of throwing their \"professional moral grounds to winds\".The Congress said that the attack by Kejriwal was \"politically motivated\".In a letter written to Hazare and his associates, Pradeep Gupta, the officer on special duty to the finance minister, said that Prashant Bhushan concealed the fact that the government has already questioned the \"motives of the petitioners in filing the petition, but also pointed out the blatant inaccuracies and false surmises in the two stories that appeared in the magazine in its editions of February 20, 2006 and February 27, 2006.\" Gupta was referring to the news magazine's claims about allegations of kickbacks in the Scorpene submarine deal.\"It is unfortunate that India Against Corruption \u2014 that claims to represent the high standards of ethical behaviour \u2014 has thrown its professional moral ground to winds\" and made allegations against Mukherjee \"without disclosing that these very allegations are the subject matter of a PIL before the high court of Delhi after it was withdrawn in the Supreme Court of India on 21 April, 2006, the first day of the hearing,\" Mukherjee's office said in a nine-page rebuttal of the allegations.\"The government has clearly stated in its counter affidavit that the stories in the magazine had based its conclusions on non-existent file notings and documents,\" the statement from Mukherjee's office said.The statement also said that the purported emails and fax exchanges between Abhishek Verma and the chief of Thales \u2014 the French defence firm part of the consortium that won the Scorpene submarine deal \u2014 were \"found to be fabricated and false\".IAC, however, kept up its attack on Mukherjee, persisting with its allegations against him in the Scorpene scam, irregularities in rice exports to Ghana and inaction on complaints filed by a SEBI member. On its website, IAC put up documents that purportedly back its claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14255286", "title": "Lawyers abstain from work,allege police excesses", "text": "PATNA: About one lakh lawyers of all the courts across the state abstained from court work in the second half on Monday in protest against administrative and police highhandedness against lawyers.At the call of Bihar State Bar Council, the lawyers also took processions in different parts of the state. While in Patna the lawyers marched from Ambedkar statue near the Patna high court and from the civil court premises, at other places processions were taken out from sessions courts and additional sessions courts. Reports to this effect were received from several places, including Barh, Patna City, Danapur, Araria, Kishanganj and Lakhisarai.The protesting lawyers submitted memoranda to the chief justice of Patna high court, the district and sessions judges and heads of the additional sessions courts respectively, said the chairman of Bihar State Bar Council, Baleshwar Prasad Sharma. He added the lawyers in districts also sent memorandums to the office of Chief Justice of Patna high court.Their demands included security to lawyers and enactment of an Advocates Protection Act. A seven-member team of the State Bar Council, led by its chairman, had, on January 19, 2011, submitted a memorandum to CM Nitish Kumar requesting him to take measures for enactment of Advocates Protection Act prohibiting arrest of lawyers without the permission of bar associations concerned, arrest of any lawyer only under unavoidable circumstances, investigation of case against a lawyer by an officer not below the rank of DSP, and provision for criminal prosecution of a lawyer only on sanction given by the bar association concerned, Sharma said.More than a hundred lawyers of the Patna high court led by the chairman of coordination committee of the three advocate associations of Patna high court, Yogesh Chandra Verma, were joined by the lawyers of Central Administrative Tribunal, Industrial and commercial taxes tribunals in submitting memorandum to the Patna high court Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit.The Chief Justice discussed the matter with them and referred it to a five-judge committee for examination and to take appropriate action.The memorandum of the coordination committee mentioned the arrest of a lawyer in Samastipur on April 9 on the ground that he had allegedly accepted 'bribe', which was actually the fee charged by the lawyer, three-hour detention of a senior lawyer of Patna high court, Basant Kumar Chaudhary, and his son by the police in Dalsingsarai and police action at the house of high court lawyer, H S Himkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14253504", "title": "Ajmer gymnast Bhavana dies mysteriously", "text": "AJMER: Mystery surrounds the death of a 15-year-old national gymnast Bhavana Chauhan who was found hanging in her room on Sunday evening. Bhavana was said to be depressed as she did not do well at the summer camp.Possibilities of her having fared poorly in her class XI supplementary examinations leading to her suicide are not being ruled out but her school claimed she had already passed the supplementary test last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250331", "title": "Footpath of road under construction caves in", "text": "NAGPUR: A 400 meter footpath and 80ft wide bridge under construction at Jaitala has caved in at least three places, exposing poor quality work by the private contractor. Some residents alleged that Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) authorities are oblivious to citizens' woes as well as the shoddy work.In 2010, NMC sanctioned Rs 2 crore to construct a road under development plan (DP) from Jaitala bus stop to Octroi Post number 9, connecting Jaitala with Lata Mangeshkar Hospital (Hingna), Ekatmata Nagar, Vaishali Nagar and Shivangaon. Though the road should have been ready by now, the work is going on at a very slow pace.The contractor started the construction from the Octroi post and has completed only 60% of the 400 meter footpath. In this patch, the contractor has laid the footpath on either sides of the bridge, but due to shoddy work it has caved in at many places.TOI visited the spot and found that the contractor did not even level the soil, and laid the i-blocks on the 400 meter stretch without waiting for soil consolidation.Some residents claimed they had warned senior NMC officials of Laxmi Nagar zone about irregularities in construction of the road at Jaitala. \"No one paid heed to our complaints and now the cave-in is there for all to see,\" said the residents.The nearby residents have also alleged that NMC engineers neither conducted mandatory soil tests nor did they wait for one monsoon to pass so the soil could become compact. In the past too, footpaths have caved in due to poor quality of works in other areas.Also, though the work should have been completed in six months, neither the road nor the RCC bridge is complete so far. The construction of the bridge is said to be faulty, as the top of the bridge is not properly constructed and the footpaths are caving in.The bridge has now become a death trap with frequent accidents. The contractor is said to rarely visit the site, and protests by people have been ignored.NMC's public works department officials refused to comment on the issue. However, Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe admitted work by the contractor is substandard. \"It has already been pointed out to the contractor,\" he said, adding the contractor will have to hand over the road in good condition. \"So, it is not a matter of concern for the civic body,\" he said.Senior citizen dead, four injured in ghastly fire at Adarsh ColonyA senior citizen was charred to death while his wife and three children were grievously injured after their residence at Adarsh Colony near Indraprashtha Nagar turned to a blazing inferno in the early hours of Monday. The family was gearing up for marriage of their elder daughter on July 1.Body of Annaji Johri, in his 60s, was retrieved from the remains of their home that caught fire when the family was asleep. Johri's wife Ashadevi (47), daughters Sushma (25), Kavita (23) and son Nagraj (21) were injured and are recuperating at a private hospital on Wardha Road. Their grocery shop, attached to the front room, was also partially gutted. The house had only one access and exit that was through the grocery shop. Marriage of Sushma, a data entry operator with the education department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation, is scheduled next month.Short-circuit in a newly laid cable is being cited as probable cause of fire by the fire department. The families had recently started replacing some cables in their house. The electrician, who had worked a day before the incident, was supposed to return to complete the unfinished work.The Johris began suffocating in coils of black fumes that filled up the house and were being singed by intense heat of the fire that had already spread to furniture in their two-roomed residence at about 2.30am. While mother Ashadevi rushed to open the front door, her children too started making efforts trying to save the house.The kitchen where Annaji was sleeping, was locked from inside. Driven by smoke and heat, the hapless family members finally ran out for their life. They also managed to push out their two scooters, kept in the grocery shop, outside to safety. The relatives later could retrieve gold from a burnt down divan and Rs 3,900 cash from the shop's cash box.The neighbours were also alerted by this time. Gopal Phalke, a teacher, woke up from his sleep after hearing the commotion. \"Couple of labourers staying in our premises were making efforts to save the burning house. We fetched buckets, pots, pipes and containers, whatever was available to splash water on the flames,\" said Phalke.A patrolling van of Sonegaon police station joined the rescue act after spotting the chaos. Police control room, Rana Pratap Nagar police station, police and private ambulances apart from fire department were simultaneously alerted. The injured Johris were rushed to medical college and hospital for treatment.Dr Vilas Tambe surprised the media at his hospital by asking whether it was an incident worth reporting. Dr Tambe and his staffers objected to family and friends meeting the Johris saying patients should not be disturbed. A disappointed family member claimed that the hospital authorities were demanding advance payment for treatment. Dr Hemangi Abhyankar said patients were being given proper treatment but some friends of the family claimed that they were being repeatedly asked for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "14255968", "title": "Erratic power supply: BKU to lay 4hr siege to Punjab power corporation offices", "text": "MOGA: Angry over erratic power supply for the farm sector when paddy transplantation is in full swing, Bhartiya Kissan Union (Ugrahan) has decided to lay four-hour siege to offices of Punjab state power corporation (PSPCL) across Punjab on June 22.The farmer organization has accused the state government and PSPCL authorities of not providing them the promised eight-hour power supply for paddy plantation.A meeting of the organization body was held on Monday at Machhike village of Moga district, where it was decided that union activists will gherao the PSPCL offices from noon to 4pm.Union general secretary Sukhdev Singh Kokri said, \"Presently, farmers are getting power supply only for four to five hours, as against the promised uninterrupted eight-hour supply. In the face of this less and erratic power supply, farmers had to shell out bigger (monetary) amounts on diesel in order to water the transplanted paddy.\" He accused the Punjab government of failing to protect the interests of farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14254085", "title": "Speeding BMW rams ambulance", "text": "In yet another hit-and-run case involving a BMW, a Yamunanagar district civil hospital ambulance, which was taking a 10-year-old accident victim to the PGI, was rammed by a speeding luxury automobile at transport lightpoint, Sector 26, Chandigarh, on Saturday night. The child as well as the ambulance driver, Ashok Kumar, were injured in the incident.After the collision inflicted more injuries on the boy, Hashib of Yamunanagar district, he was immediately shifted to another ambulance, which too was coming from the Yamunanagar hospital, and taken to Government Medical College and Hospital, (GMCH), Sector 32. His condition is stated to be stable. The BMW, bearing a temporary registration number, had escaped from the spot. It was coming from IT Park, Manimajra.Ashok said, \"I was coming from Panchkula when suddenly at the lightpoint the speeding BMW rammed the ambulance from the right side.\"Ashwani Kumar, the driver of the other ambulance, said, \"After the hit, the BMW driver did not stop for a minute and sped away towards Sector 28.\"Three traffic police personnel were present at the lightpoint when the incident took place.A team of Bapudham, Sector 26, police post reached the spot and recorded the statements of Ashok and eyewitnesses.Sub-inspector Jaiveer Singh, in-charge of the police post, said a message about the BMW was immediately flashed to the police control room, but an FIR was not registered as Ashok did not want to lodge a case. A DDR has been registered.Of late, BMW drivers have been in news for all the wrong reasons. On April 21, occupants of two BMW cars had thrashed Chandigarh Police constables in two separate incidents. In the first incident, the car was driven by an NRI, Bhabjeet Singh, and in the second, a private driver, Jasbir Singh, was behind the wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14254243", "title": "Mamata faces cross-voting fears", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress boss and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee may have prepared her ministers at the Centre to withdraw at the \"appropriate time\", but she may not be able to stop the possibility of heavy cross-voting from her party in favour of Bengal's first Presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee.With Trinamool Congress unlikely to agree in favour of Mukherjee's elevation to the country's top post, the Bengal unit of Congress is quietly working on Trinamool MPs and MLAs to get them to vote for the finance minister, in case he doesn't get elected unopposed.While Mukherjee is not a mass leader from Bengal, many senior TMC leaders, who were earlier Congress members, have good personal equations with the veteran Congressman. Besides, Mukherjee being the first presidential nominee from the state, several MPs and MLAs would be happy to back him even if the TMC chief remains steadfastly opposed to him.Considering the Left leaders from Bengal are also likely to vote for the finance minister on the ground that they were backing a candidate from the state, many TMC leaders feel that the party would be hard put to explain its position.Banking on these factors, Congress leaders from Bengal are already on the job of gathering the numbers for Mukherjee. Sources in Congress as well as in TMC say \"there is going to be heavy cross-voting\" unless Banerjee rules that TMC will not participate in the July 19 election. In that case, MPs and MLAs won't be able to cast their votes, unless they can afford to defy the party line.\"That will look very improper. It is not municipal, assembly or Lok Sabha elections. For the Presidential poll, it will look odd for a party to not participate at all. At the least, it will have to put up a token fight by fielding its own candidate,\" explained Abdul Mannan, a senior Congress leader from Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254457", "title": "Youth commits suicide, bequeaths wealth to CM", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old software engineer employed with a major IT firm at Keernatham in the outskirts of the city, committed suicide by hanging at his residence in Thaneer Pandal near Peelamedu on Sunday. In his suicide note he states that loneliness drove him to kill himself. His note also reveals his substantial wealth, estimated to be worth anywhere between Rs 12 to Rs 20 crore, which he has surprisingly bequeathed to chief minister J Jayalalitha.J Sathyanarayana was a recluse who rarely mingled with others. So when he lost his mother to cardiac arrest a few months ago, he was understandably very lonely. He had lost his father B Jaikumar in 2007 when he succumbed to a fall at his residence. Although he initially worked in Chennai, he acquired a transfer recently to live with his mother. He was devastated over her sudden death.After her death, he occasionally visited his grandfather Balu Naidu at Vaiyampalayam in Coimbatore. \"He stayed with us once in a while. He seemed to be normal. I have no idea why he took the extreme step,\" said 75-year-old Balu. When he did visit he mostly kept to himself, reading the newspaper. His neighbours hardly know anything about him as he rarely interacted with anyone even after his mother's death.His suicide note reveals a very sad, lonely man. \"When you read this, I will not be alive. I have nobody left in this world and I feel very lonely. I have some property worth between Rs 12 to Rs 20 crore which I wish to bequeath to Amma,\" the note said.His grief-stricken relatives are surprised about his choice to leave all his wealth to the chief minister. As far as they can remember, he had never expressed his political leanings. However, they are determined to keep the wealth within the family. \"It belongs to our forefathers and cannot be so casually handed over to anyone just like that,\" said a distant relative of Sathyanarayana, on his father's side.\"Our team has recovered a suicide note from where he was found hanging. As of now we are unclear as to why he chose to end his life, even though the note indicates that he was lonely,\" said Hema Karunagaran, Deputy Commissioner (Law and Order), Coimbatore City Police.Peelamedu police have registered a case under section 174 of CrPc and will conduct an investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14251841", "title": "Three rescued from brothel, manager held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Monday rescued a woman and two minor girls from a brothel in Shukrawar Peth. The police also arrested the manager of the establishment.The social security cell of the Pune crime branch, led by senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge, raided the brothel on Monday. Barge said, the cell received a tip-off that minor girls were being forced into prostitution at the brothel. \"We found a woman and two minors during the raid,\" he said.Barge said two of the victims are from Bangladesh and had been brought to Pune on the pretext of giving them lucrative jobs. The third was duped by a man who promised to marry her and then 'sold' her in the brothel.\"We have arrested the brothel manager, Manisha Chaudhari (28) of Shukrawar Peth,\" Barge said. He said the owners of the brothel and the building has been booked under relevant sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14253030", "title": "Met dept predicts heavy rain for next 48 hours", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After a ruthless summer, the onset of monsoon saw heavy showers lashing most parts of the state incessantly for the last 24 hours on Monday. Met centre predicted that heavy to very heavy rainfall will occur at one or two places over coastal and interior parts of Odisha in the next 48 hours.\"A cyclonic circulation following a low pressure has formed over north-west Bay of Bengal. It may intensify into a well-marked low pressure and will cause rain across the state,\" said director of Bhubaneswar Met centre, S C Sahu.On Monday, the south-west monsoon had advanced over whole of Odisha except a couple of districts, met sources said. Highest rainfall of the state during the last 12 hours was recorded in Cuttack with 60.4 mm followed by Bhubaneswar. While Malkangiri and Koraput recorded the maximum rainfall in the last 24 hours recording 98 mm, followed by Angul recording 89 mm, Hirakud 85 mm, Balangir 81 mm, Chandabali recording 77mm.The met office has also issued warning to fisherfolk not to venture into the sea as sea conditions will be rough in the next two days. Strong and gusty surface wind from northeasterly direction speed reaching 40-45 kmph and gusting to 65 kmph is likely to prevail along and off Odisha coast, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14257207", "title": "Fear of flooding increases at Pin valley", "text": "SHIMLA: A temporary lake covering an area of around 2.5km in Pin valley in Spiti has left tribals worried as eroding of the lake could wash away three villages. The glacier and flashfloods have cut off the area from the mainland and moreover, the small chopper arranged by the government to rescue people has failed its purpose. The angry residents have demanded that the temporary lake be cleared and a larger helicopter arranged. Water in the reservoir is increasing every day.The chopper encircled Kaza and Pin valley transporting around two quintals ration and kerosene. The Israeli tourists were airlifted to safety. But, the residents said they got no share of ration as it was meant just for the monastery.Tenzin Gyatso, who lives in the valley, said, \"The administration must provide better choppers so as to carry more ration and airlift more people to safe places.\"He said, \"The two Israelis who reached Kaza on Monday had told me that their visa was to expire soon and they had already spent most of their money. They could no longer afford even a taxi to Manali.\"The moving glacier cut off road connectivity between Pin valley and Kaza and no alternate routes are available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14250798", "title": "Margao street to sport surveillance cameras", "text": "MARGAO: In a novel public-spirited initiative, the South Goa district administration has set up a closed circuit surveillance system in Margao. The demonstration of the system, which has been operational since Sunday, was held at the South Goa collectorate on Monday.Initially, the nearly 3km stretch of road from Holy Spirit Church to MMC Square has been fitted with CCTV cameras on an experimental basis. Margao is the first place in Goa to have surveillance cameras monitoring traffic.Speaking to media persons after the demonstration, district collector N D Agarwal said the surveillance system would serve two purposes. \"While traffic police would be able to keep a tab on traffic violators, the video footage saved in the system would help police in detection of motorcycle thefts and other cases,\" Agarwal said.Margao police will monitor traffic on a 3km stretch using CCTV cameras.District collector N D Agarwal said that the very knowledge that one was under surveillance would deter anybody from committing a crime or breaking a law. The system will be monitored by Margao traffic police, sources said.The experiment will be underway for about a month. \"No cost has been incurred by the district administration towards the system's installation. It's a demo exercise. Based on the results we get from the exercise, the government will take a decision on whether or not to adopt the technology for the state in preventing traffic violations,\" Agarwal said.The demonstration was attended by labour minister Avertano Furtado and Cuncolim MLA Subhash \"Rajan\" Naik, south Goa SP Arwind Gawas, Margao municipal council chairperson Arthur D'Silva, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254512", "title": "Now, a movie on the temple of secrets", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A movie, Padmavyooham by debutant director Bijoy P I, on the history and mysteries surrounding the fabled Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple, with a touch of fiction, is all set for release.The movie, the first film project by Megawave Productions, tries to explore various mysteries of the shrine that had puzzled the people of Thiruvananthapuram through ages. The movie traverses through efforts of the current generation who struggles to put the pieces of the puzzle together. The 90-minute movie revolves around the architectural highlights, the science and prevailing myths on the temple and the significance of placing the golden idol of Lord Mahavishnu in it.The film explores the possibility of the existence of an extraordinary logic behind the construction of the temple which, according to legend, was never intended to be just a shrine.The plot of Padmavyooham unfolds with the investigation of a series of murders related to the treasures buried in the vaults of the temple.The investigation takes an unexpected turn and enters a padmavyooham (a complex army formation which is hard to break into) wherein the movie begins to reveal the mysteries behind the vision of King Marthanda Varma and the temple treasure.\"In my opinion King Marthanda Varma had been a great visionary and he believed that Lord Vishnu could actually protect the kingdom and the people, in every manner, even physically,\" said Bijoy.An 18 feet idol of Sree Padmanabhaswamy was created for the movie by art director Ajayan (Raavan fame). Sunil Kaimanam is the cinematographer Safdar is the editor. Noby Tharian, Amal Abraham, Sajeev Nair, Anchal Babu and Kiran play are the main actors.The movie was shot around Attingal Palace and Thiruvananthapuram using a Red One camera. The movie is scheduled to be released in the second week of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14255590", "title": "Naxalites enjoy, railways pays", "text": "RANCHI: Railway buildings in remote areas of Jharkhand - like cabins and crossing outposts - have come in handy to the Naxalites. There, the rebels are using fans to cool themselves and taking advantage of electricity to charge their mobile phones and torches besides arranging liquor parties for their friends.Since many of the buildings are considered safe, sources claimed that the rebels at times also store guns and explosives at these facilities.Quite a few railway employees posted at the southern parts of Ranchi and near Hatia railway station confirmed it. \"It (the rebels using the buildings) is going on for a long time. They survive in summer thanks to the railway property,\" said an employee posted at a railway cabin on the Ranchi-Rourkela route.Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan agreed. \"This may be the situation. Especially fans and uninterrupted electricity must be attracting the rebels,\" he said. There are around 80 railway cabins in Ranchi division and almost 40% of them are in remote areas where the rebels' writ rules.A GRP official posted in Hatia informed TOI that at any given time one could find several chargers (of mobile phones) lying at these cabins. \"Cabin men don't inform police following threats from the rebels.\"But there is more to the story. A GRP inspector said the cabins and crossing outposts were also used for the rebels to store arms, though briefly.\"It is generally done when the rebels ferry the arms from one point to another,\" said a source.Inspection by railway officials (telecom and administration) is generally done in the morning so the Naxalites assemble at the cabins only after sunset.Generally in a group the rebels smoke ganja, indulge in chatting, make merry and finally the party starts. The cabin men also often join such parties. Plans to ask for money, make extortion calls and unleash violence are also chalked up at these railway buildings.Khunti SP M Tamilvanan said an area commander Kariya Sagu was arrested while he was making a plan at a railway cabin at Govindpur railway station, about 50 km from here, on the Ranchi-Rourkela route in December 2011.Sources say such activities are frequently seen at the railway cabins and crossing outposts near Karra, Govindpur, Kurkura, Lodma and other halts on the Ranchi-Rourkela route. It is not the job of the GRP to protect these buildings as they fall under the jurisdiction of local police.Ranchi divisional railway manager G Malaya passed the buck on state police. He said, \"It is the responsibility of the state police to keep our properties safe. The cabin men live alone in jungles and they can't afford to stand up against the rebels.\"Police spokesperson Pradhan has assured action. \"We will collect information about this and have raids conducted to nab the rebels,\" he said.Khunti SP, on his part, said he would ask local police stations concerned to make surprise visits to these cabins.Finally, it is the railways which pays for the rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14250318", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's fish market tender challenged in court", "text": "NAGPUR: A contractor has moved the court challenging the civic body's decision to finalize the work order regarding construction of a fish market in Sadar. The petitioner has alleged that norms were flouted while allocating the work order.\"The public works department of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation bypassed the lowest bidder in favour of the second lowest bidder for construction of the fish market centre at Mangalwari bazaar in Sadar,\" Altaf Ahmed said in his application submitted before the district court here on Monday.Municipal commissioner, chief engineer, executive engineer (project) and the private firm which got tender to construct the market have been made respondents to the petition.In his petition, Ahmed told the court that NMC had invited tenders to construct a wholesale-cum-retail fish market at Mangalwari bazaar in February 2012. The estimated cost of the project was stated as Rs 2.03 crore, the earnest money deposit was fixed at Rs 2.04 lakh and endorsed in the name of executive engineer (project) NMC. NMC had received four applications. It was to be made payable in the form of demand draft issued by a nationalised or scheduled bank.The last date of submission of the tender documents was March 30 and the bids opened on the same day.Ahmed's quote was for Rs 2.13 crore, while three other bidders were M/s JB Construction (Rs 2.14 crore), M/s S S Patil &amp; Company (Rs 2.42 crore) and M/s Abrar Ahmed (Rs 2.59 crore).As the complainant's bid was lowest, the chief engineer (NMC) had recommended it for acceptance. However, the work was of over Rs 25 lakh and, as per the guidelines of the state government, was under the purview of standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari. But, the CE office had deliberately sent it to the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal.Rules stipulate that once any bid is accepted, further negotiations are ruled out. However, the CE's office violated this norm. Even though the complainant had quoted lowest rate, the NMC chief engineer insisted him to negotiate the rate further.However, when Ahmed refused to do so, the CE office asked him to submit a letter with the NMC mentioning his inability to negotiate the rate further. As soon as Ahmed submitted the letter, the civic body without cancelling his tender, invited M/s JB Construction for negotiations.Despite repeated complaints to the standing committee chairman, civic chief and even meeting with other senior officials by the complainant, the NMC had fixed J B Construction for the job and even took the opinion of officials from state public works department.Recently, the standing committee meeting too gave its nod to the civic administration to entrust the job of constructing wholesale-cum-retail fish market at Mangalwari zone to JB Constructions.Failing to get justice, the complainant had knocked the court's door and challenged the NMC's decision. The court had directed the defendants to remain present before the court on Tuesday for the hearing. Executive engineer R N Hotwani refused to comment over the issue stating the matter is sub judice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14255845", "title": "Maths lab at Loyola School to arouse interest in subject", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With an aim to make mathematics friendlier, Loyola School here inaugurated mathematics laboratory on Monday.\"It's an attempt to provide opportunities to the students for experimental learning and stimulate interest and develop favourable attitude towards mathematics,\" said Loyola School principal Fr Victor Misquith at the inauguration.The laboratory, which is open to all students from KG to Class XII, will provide opportunities to the aspiring engineers, doctors and business managers to solve challenging questions, puzzles and riddles with hands-on learning.\"The lab will also teach the students how one can bring maths formula in normal life with ease,\" said a lab faculty member.The laboratory will consist of multiple models in various branches of maths like algebra, geometry and arithmetic. The models are designed to cater for the requirements of all segments of teachers and learners in verifying formula results and applications, irrespective of curriculum. \"The laboratory helps children rejoice mathematics rather than turning it into a phobia. This (lab) gives freedom to a child to use the mathematics model to explore, experiment and understand mathematical concepts through activities. They don't just learn but experience how a formula is derived by physically manipulating the learning material,\" said a member of the Loyola School Mathematics Club which came into existence recently.Conceding that teaching in today's school is dominated by text books - a method which is clearly not inspiring, a senior faculty member of the institution said the mathematics laboratory is activity-centered. \"The child is placed in problem-solving situation and through self exploration and discovery, he or she provides a solution based on his or her experience, needs, and interests.\" The mathematics laboratory will indeed help students learn and explore concepts and verify mathematical facts and theorems through a variety of activities using different materials, said a Class XII student of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14249624", "title": "Residents of \u2018illegal\u2019 tower plan to move SC", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The residents of Green Heritage are planning to move the Supreme Court to protect their property from demolition. While they are yet to confirm when they will move the SC, they said they have \"become victims over violations committed by the builder, coupled by the ignorance on part of the Cidco officials\".\"Though we respect the HC verdict in the case, we are disheartened as we stand to lose our flats which were purchased by our hard earned money,\" said a resident.Resident G H Manas said: \"Last week, an unnamed Cidco official had told TOI that the top floors of Green Heritage may be demolished. We protest against such sweeping statements and want to know which Cidco official said so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254511", "title": "Melodies fuelled by fusion fires crowd despite rains", "text": "COIMBATORE: A concert by violinist VVS Murari and his team called 'Panchamukhi' attracted a full house despite the rains at Kikani High School on Sunday. The five-member team put up a very entertaining show, leaving the audience wanting more when it came to an end.The other performing artists Poovalur Sriji , a prolific composer and educator from the USA, who was on mrudangam, young Chandrashekara Sharma on the ghatam, famous drummer Muralikrishnan on the drums and Shankar on the keys.\"We were thrilled to perform in Coimbatore. We are experimenting with fusion for the very first time. I'm happy the audience was receptive to our music,\" Murari said.\"We did not rehearse much. We wanted the dynamics to remain intact. Since all of us are experience singers, we did not have to rehearse much. This format gives room for improvisation and we made the most of it,\" said Sriji.The concert dwelled on five facets of music including classical Indian, orchestrated fusion, folk, film &amp; bhajans. 'Colours' a Varnam composed by the violin maestro VV Subramanyam and orchestrated by Murari was the first piece rendered. The classical pieces included Sobillu Sapthaswara, manavyalakinchara, enna thavam seithanam. East of Salzberg was brilliantly orchestrated by Poovalur Sriji.When Illayaraja's \"thendral vandhu ennai thodum\" started off, the crowds cheered. This was followed by Andhi mazhai. While the first half was entirely instrumental, the second half included many folk songs and bhajans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14250716", "title": "Visakhapatnam Steel Plant to rope in Russian safety experts", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what amounts to rearguard action by authorities in the aftermath of the worst-ever tragedy in Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP)'s history, which claimed 16 lives, plans are now afoot to seek technical expertise from Russia to deal with exigencies arising in the course of the expansion drive at the facility.The VSP management attended a meeting chaired by CMD Amarendra Prasad Choudhary on Monday and discussed the various measures to be taken to restore confidence among the workers and improve safety at the plant. Plant directors, trade union leaders, steel association executives and officers' association members were present at the meeting.The CMD, who was overseas when the mishap took place, also held an emergency board meeting on Monday night to look into the requirements of the unions vis-a-vis the families of the deceased. Choudhary said monetary compensation would be paid out to family members of the deceased starting Tuesday.The CMD said that, in the future, plant management would take all workers into confidence before commissioning new units. He said that Russian experts would be enlisted to help improve the safety standard at the plant. He said that a risk assessment study would be conducted by an expert third party agency before any new units were commissioned.After arriving from the US on Sunday, Choudhary went to Mumbai to call on two VSP executives undergoing treatment for severe burns sustained in the June 13 blast at the oxygen unit.1 more sr officer dies, blast toll rises to 16VISAKHAPATNAM: The death toll in last week's blast at the state-owned steel plant here rose to 16 with one more senior officer succumbing to burn injuries.Assistant general manager in steel melting shop-II (SMS) M B R S Sarma, who was shifted to the national burns centre in Mumbai a few days back for better medical care, died on Monday. Sarma was shifted to Mumbai a day after the blast on June 13.He had suffered 90 per cent burns. Three other injured officers were undergoing treatment in Mumbai and Visakhapatnam. General manager (projects) D S Kalsi and employee of Dastur and Company Ranjan Bhattacharya were undergoing treatment at a hospital in Mumbai, while deputy manager Prabhakara Rao was being treated at a hospital here. Sources said their condition continued to be critical.The explosion had occurred at oxygen control unit near the SMS-II at the Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL) on the night of June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14253487", "title": "Drunk man kills self after family rebuke in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 50-year-old man who was repeatedly rebuked and rejected by his family for his drinking habits, stabbed himself to death at Amber locality. He was drunk and very upset after being rebuked by his daughter. This provoked him to take the extreme step.According to the Amber police, Chotey Lal reached home drunk early on Tuesday. He lived at Rajawaton Ka Chowk area. The moment he entered, his family members, including his wife, elder daughters almost pounced on him.\"They questioned his late return. Soon the altercation took an ugly turn and they raised the issue of his drinking habit,\" said a police officer with Amber police station. Though he promised not to get drunk again, his family was not convinced and they had a heated argument.The man, irked with his family's reaction, took a sharp knife from the kitchen and left the house. Before his daughters could stop him, he had pierced the knife into his heart.\"The knife had pierced his heart and he was bleeding profusely. The shocked family members rushed him to SMS Hospital where he succumbed early on Monday,\" said a police officer.The cops are also probing a murder angle and forensic experts had visited the spot. The reports suggest that it was a clear case of suicide since the finger prints of the victim were found on the blood stained knife,\" said Gauri Shankar, circle inspector, Amber police station.Chotey Lal did not have a steady income and traded various things like groceries to daily use items in and around the Walled City. The body was handed over to the relatives after the post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14257117", "title": "Gharial, crocodile hatchlings spotted in Chambal", "text": "KANPUR: National Chambal Sanctuary is currently home to hundreds of gharial (gavialis gangeticus) and crocodile (crocodylus palustris) hatchlings that can be spotted near the banks of Chambal river.One female gharial lay 45-50 in a nest. The eggs take about two months to hatch. From each nest, there are about 80% chances of emergence of hatchlings. Similarly, female crocodile lay 50 to 60 eggs and the hatchlings usually emerge from the nests after 70-80 days of incubation period. There are 80 to 90% chances of emergence of hatchlings.According to the National Chambal Sanctuary authorities, a total number of 62 nests of endangered gharial have been spotted in Bah range in Agra, a part of the sanctuary. the eco-system of these rivers, he added.According to the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCNNR), less than 200 breeding gharials now survive in the wild. They started disappearing from original habitat of the Ganga and the rivers of Bangladesh in the first half of the last century. Unrestricted fishing is held to be one of the major reasons behind this. Cultivation along the banks where they lay their eggs destroyed the breeding habitat.From November 2007 till March 2008, more than 112 gharials died in the Chambal due to unknown reasons. Further investigations by the IVRI suggested the possibility of poisoning by metal pollutants. Just 200-300 gharials are believed to be left in the Chambal and Katarnia Ghat. All over India, there are 2,000-3,000 gharials left. ber of these reptiles over the years, claimed, Dey. Besides, availability of food, congregations, places where the males, are accessibility of water - all contribute to nesting, he said. One of the largest species of crocodile, the population of gharial is now found in only three tributaries of the Ganges -- Girwa, Son, and Chambal rivers, he said.Gharials are more endangered than tiger and its extinction will seriously effect increase as the counting process is still on.Principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Rupak De said: \"Utmost care had been taken by wildlife staff besides active community participation to save gharial and crocodile eggs from predators like snakes, jackals and dogs.\"Adequate conservation methods adopted by the state forest department have led to a systematic rise in the numry of the Society for Conservation of Nature. These eggs are incubated and hatched due to sand's heat. Then, the baby gharials emerge from the eggs and creep into the river. The total figure is likely to trict.\"Five hatchlings were seen in Kanakpura, seven in Kheda, three in Thanwa, three in Bareecha and two in Pilva Ka Nagra across Chambal river,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretapura, Kainjara, Ranipura, Chiknipura and Mau dotting the Chambal river system. Similarly, the gharial eggs have started hatching at five nesting sites along the banks of the Chambal in Etawah dis-\"There has been a good hatchling rate this year, which is a healthy sign. An estimated number of 2,115 gharial hatchlings were sighted from the 62 nesting sites this year. Likewise, 131 hatchlings of crocodile have been noticed from the six nesting sites,\" informed Sujoy Banerjee, DFO, Chambal Wildlife Division, Agra.\"Around 2,136 eggs were laid in these 62 nests of gharial. Of these, 2,115 hatchlings have been recorded. In case of crocodile, 136 eggs were laid in six nesting sites, of which 131 hatchlings were noticed. In order to decide the population of hatchlings, we count the number of eggshells in each nest,\" said range official of National Chambal Sanctuary, Bah, Nawal Kishore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14250509", "title": "Corporators slam officials over irregular water supply", "text": "AMRAVATI: Though water scarcity problem is not new for Vidarbha region, Amravati city was an exception. However, this year some pockets of the city faced interrupted water supply. Maharashtra Jivan Pradhikaran (MJP) officials blame it on use of water coolers.MJP officials have given the reason behind water scarcity to MLA Raosaheb Shekhavat during a meeting on Monday. Congress corporators under the leadership of MLA Raosaheb Shekhavat met MJP officials to highlight their various problems. The corporators slammed the official for giving flimsy reasons for water scarcity.From water scarcity to pipeline leakage and new water tank construction to pending work, corporators have discussed everything with MJP officials including executive engineer of MJP, Suresh Hunge.Corporators slammed officials for water scarcity in some pockets of the city. For many years, Amravati city did not face water scarcity, but this year residents of some pockets of the city were fed up with the irregular water supply. When Congress corporators asked officials the reasons behind the interrupted water supply, officials claimed the excessive usage of the cooler this year has caused the problem.Corporator Vilas Ingole while talking to TOI criticized the officials for giving flimsy reasons behind the interrupted water supply. He said that they gave false reasons behind irregular water supply, but after the meeting they have assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14256964", "title": "Declining water level adds to Sangam City\u2019s seasonal woes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the scorching Sun making life miserable for denizens, the water level in almost all the localities of the city has declined rapidly, and because of the continuous hot conditions, the underground water level, which had tremendously improved following the recharge of ground water after heavy monsoonal rainfall last season, is rapidly declining, virtually sending alarm for the authorities concerned. As geologist suggests, the minimum level of underground water should be around 8 metres.There are just a handful of localities in the city, which fulfil the desired norm. But the water level, in almost all the localities of the city, has fallen drastically as compared to its last year's level. Among the localities, which still have abundant underground water (as on May 2012) include Rajapur (3.10 metres), Balaipur (5.80 metres), Transport Nagar (7.15 metres), South Malaka (6.05 metres), whereas some other areas are far more comfortable as compared to danger zones. These includes Bairana (9.10 metres), Allahapur (10.05 metres), Georgetown (9.30 metres), Tagore Town (9.50 metres), Jhunsi (10.00 metres), Katghar (11.20 metres), Ashok Nagar (13.30 metres), Dhoomanganj (12.20 metres) and Phaphamau (11.95 metres).Similarly, there are many other localities of the city, wherein underground water level is quite below the required level of 8 metres. These include Newa (11.35 metres), Kasari Masari (13.80 metres), Daraganj (13.30 metres), Khuldabad (15.75 metres), Rasoolabad (13.70 metres), Naini Kotwali (12.50 metres). In some localities, the depth of underground water exceeds 15-metre-mark. These include Govindpur 15.60 metres, Salori 16.10 metres, Nayapura 16.35 metres, Kareli 15.80 metres, and Karelabagh where it is 16.40 metres. However, the worst condition prevails at Civil Lines locality, where the underground water level has declined to 27.30 metres. Similarly, localities like Jhalwa too have gone quite low and the current water level recorded is 24.30 metres and at Sadar Tehsil (Katra), it is 24.10 metres. The situation at Prayag too is alarming which stands at 22.50 metres. At Bamraulli, the level is 21.20 metres, at Kucthery it is 20.65 metres, at Beli Hospital it is 19.35 metres, Chota Baghada it stands at 16.50 metres and at Talirganj it is 16.95 metres. According to the experts, the falling water level needs immediate attention and authorities needs to make the public more aware.\"If a certain region receives heavy rainfall, it hardly means that the underground water sources would be recharged, whereas it is better to have periodic rainfall may be of lesser amount,\" said Dr AR Siddiqui, of the department of Geography, Allahabad University.\"What else would we get if we continue to go on extracting water and do less effort to recharge the same,\" questioned the expert. It is high time that people should be made more aware for not wasting the water and start putting efforts to recharge the underground water, he added. Talking about declining water level at Civil Lines area, Dr Jayant Tripathi, former head of the department of Earth and Planetary Science, Allahabad University said that although there is abundant rainfall received at this particular locality, there is more of a surface runoff, as compared to ground percolation of rainwater. As the entire locality has been transformed into a concrete jungle, as a result of which the underground water level continues to decline.Commenting about the development, chief town planner of Allahabad Development Authority (ADA), Swaraj Ganguli said , \"We have sufficient GOs and laws to make the people go for rain harvesting, but if the implementation part is made strict, things would be much better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14249747", "title": "Medha seeks SIT probe in 2002 assault case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A decade later, the Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) leader and social activist Medha Patkar on Monday termed the investigation into the incident of assault on her at Sabarmati Ashram in 2002 as improper. She has sought further investigation by a special investigation team (SIT).In an application before a magisterial court, Patkar has alleged that the police have not even made the eight persons accused in the case, whose names repeatedly surfaced in witnesses' statements. One of them, Hemant Chauhan, has been made a witness, she has highlighted.Patkar's application mentions that despite her further statement, wherein she narrated the incident, cops did not invoke sections 354 and 307 of IPC against the accused - for assaulting with an intent to outrage her modesty and attempting to murder. She also claimed that the charges of criminal conspiracy are also not applied in the case.She also mentioned that despite her mentioning Manu Patel's name in her complaint, cops have not booked him. Moreover, she has named six witnesses, whose statements were recorded but they were not included in chargesheet as witnesses.Besides examination of other witnesses and arraignment of accused, Patkar has sought directions to cops to collect videos and photographs from the press and send them to the FSL. She has also requested for placing the injury certificates for injured witnesses.During a public meeting at Gandhi Ashram on March 7, 2002, convened to condemn the 2002 riots, a mob of BJP youth wing workers protested the NBA leader's presence. They allegedly attacked Patkar and in the commotion many others, including media persons, sustained injuries.A complaint was filed the same day, and four persons, including former city mayor Amit Shah, were named. A decade later, as the court was scheduled to record her testimony, she expressed her discontent with the investigation so far.\"After examining the chargesheet, we have found lacunae and faults in the investigation carried out by police and hence we have sought investigation by SIT,\" said Patkar's advocate Govind Parmar.Alleging that police intentionally carried out a poor investigation to save the real culprits, the application further says that police have not even recorded statements of Mallika Sarabhai and other organizers of the said meeting.Metropolitan magistrate A S Nayak asked Patkar to provide copies of her application to the accused also and kept the next hearing on July 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14256510", "title": "Info leak: 12 cops shifted", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala police on Monday transferred 12 personnel, including a sub-inspector, for allegedly leaking probe details of T P Chandrasekharan murder to the CPM leadership.ADGP (North Zone) Rajesh Diwan transferred the policemen to various stations under Thrissur range. The order, however, does not mention anything about the type of confidential information they leaked to CPM leaders.Action against cops follows allegation that come policemen posted in Kannur range were leaking information with a view to thwarting police bid to nab accused in the TP murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14251142", "title": "Central vigilance committee to examine public distribution system in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Retired Supreme Court judge Justice D P Wadhwa, chairman of the central vigilance committee on public distribution system (PDS), and members of his research team are in Goa to examine the functioning of the targeted public distribution system (PDS) in Goa.Justice Wadhwa and his team are scheduled to hold meetings with all stakeholders including consumers during their week-long stay in the state.On June 18, the chairman was scheduled to meet chief secretary, civil supplies secretary and other senior officers of the civil supplies department, the Food Corporation of India (FCI), the registrar of cooperative societies, etc at the government secretariat, Panaji.Justice Wadhwa will also meet with representatives of dealers of fair price shops and non-governmental organizations at the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Panaji. On June 20, the team members interact with members of the public in nearby areas of Panaji. They will also meet the collector and other senior officers of various departments. They will also visit fair price shops, state/FCI godown and the district office of the National Informatics Centre.On June 21, the team, which comprises Mohinder Singh, Shankar Singh, Abhimanyu Dhawan and M I Sehgal, will hold public hearings from 11am to 2pm with ration card holders, representatives of fair price shop dealers' associations, NGOs, consumer activists, women self help groups, transporters, etc, at the Goa State Museum in Panaji. A similar exercise will be conducted at Ravindra Bhavan in Margao on June 22.The team will also carry out an inspection of files pertaining to the minutes of the vigilance committees for the last five years, identification of BPL families for issue of ration cards, complaint mechanism and enforcement mechanism, appointment of FPS dealers and the commission payable to them and award of tenders for transportation of foodgrains, etc, at Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14254954", "title": "Criminals loot Rs 7.10 lakh from petrol pump manager", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals looted Rs 7.10 lakh in cash from the manager of a petrol pump, Narendra Kumar , near Tinpulwa Chowk on Hajipur-Lalganj road under Lalganj police station in Vaishali district on Monday.Hajipur Sadar SDPO Ashok Prasad said that Narendra said that he used to deposit the day's collection amounting to Rs 3 lakh with Lalganj Bazaar branch of State Bank of India (SBI). The incident took place when Narendra was on way to Lalganj Bazaar to deposit collection of two days (Saturday and Sunday) amounting to Rs 7.10 lakh kept in a bag from the petrol pump on his motorcycle at around 12.30 pm, the SDPO said.The SDPO said that Narendra informed the police that as he reached close to Tinpulwa Chowk, four persons riding two motorcycles overtook him, stopped their motorcycles and one of them dashed his motorcycle against Narendra's motorcycle following which he fell on a heap of sand while another whipped out a pistol and asked him to hand over the bag containing the cash to him. The criminals took the bag and escaped towards Hajipur, the SDPO said.The SDPO said the entire incident raises suspicion. He said that several policemen were deployed at Tinpulwa Chowk as there was VVIP movement at that time. \"Had Narendra informed the policemen, they would have chased the criminals and caught them,\" the SDPO said.The SDPO said that the place where the incident took place remains busy. \"Had he informed the locals, they would have chased the criminals and arrested them,\" the SDPO said adding Narendra made a call to the owner of the petrol pump, who asked him to lodge a complaint with the Lalganj police station. The local police are investigating the incident, the SDPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14254432", "title": "To promote safe driving, theatres to screen film", "text": "COIMBATORE: One month after police began arresting drunken drivers under section 279 of the Indian Penal Code, which imposes a fine of Rs 1000 and imprisonment up to six months, police are all set to initiate a unique experiment to curb rash driving fuelled by alcohol. A film on the impact of drunken driving on families will soon be screened in all cinema theatres at the behest of the police.The short film titled `Ippadikku Police' is made by C Maheswaran alias Rakki Mahesh, a traffic head constable with Race Course Police Station. An MA in Police Administration, Mahesh is known for his interest and vast knowledge about the movie making business. His latest work has won critical acclaim from experts in the field.The film vividly portrays a family's struggle after the only earning member dies in an accident caused by drunken driving. City police have asked him to reduce the length of the 8 minute long film to five minutes to facilitate screening in theatres.According to Deputy Police Commissioner T Senthil Kumar, discussions are on with theatre owners to screen the film during intervals. \"Since we Indians love to go to the movies, if screened in theatres, the film will reach the masses. It is not a conventional propaganda film. It is visually striking and clearly takes the message of safe driving to the viewers,\" he said.Mahesh had done a short film earlier titled Pinchu Manassile. The film was based on the struggles faced by senior citizens who sought police help to end suffering at the hands of their own children. The 20 minute film talks in length about the discriminations faced by senior citizens by family members and warns people who discriminate that their children would follow in their footsteps.``I am happy that my department is very supportive of all my efforts. I plan to make many more videos along the same lines,\" says Mahesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14254315", "title": "R Selvaraj sworn in amid protest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: R Selvaraj was sworn in as the Congress MLA on Monday amidst protest from the CPM members.He took oath in the name of God. Leaders from Neyyattinkara and his family members were present at the gallery of the House to watch his swearing in.Selvaraj now assumes the distinction of swearing in twice in the 13th assembly after getting elected as an LDF nominee first and now as the UDF nominee.Speaker G Karthikeyan announced the name of Selvaraj soon after the question hour and welcomed him for the swearing in. Right from the moment he entered the well of the house, the CPM members started their protest by shouting at him. E P Jayarajan was in the forefront, accusing him of accepting money to leave the CPM. Some of the MLAs were shouting traitor, traitor. Shouts from opposition benches were heard even when he was taking the oath.Before taking oath Selvaraj went first to chief minister to get his blessings. He then reached up to each of the leaders sitting in the front row and the UDF leaders greeted him with thumping on the desk. The CPM members lost all their control when Selvaraj shook hands with chief whip P C George who allegedly had played a role in orchestrating Selvaraj's defection.Selvaraj did not show any hesitancy in reaching to the opposition side and went with the folded hands to Kodiyeri Balakarishnan and opposition leader V S Achuthanandan who did not even look at him.When the protest became louder, speaker was seen requesting the members to show some dignity as he is an elected member of the house. But this fell on deaf years and the oath taking ceremony took place amidst the shouting from the opposition members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14250550", "title": "Cabbie breaks bus headlight, windscreen", "text": "MUMBAI: In less than 10 days, the city witnessed another incident of road rage on Monday when a taxi driver had an altercation with a BEST bus driver in Matunga and smashed a headlight and the windscreen of the bus.Around 12.30pm the bus reportedly brushed past the taxi accidentally near Ruia college. The cabbie started abusing the bus driver before damaging the headlights of the vehicle, said BEST PRO Manoj Varade. \"As there were passengers onboard, driver of bus no. 15 did not resort to violence,\" he said.Matunga senior inspector Suresh Parab said an NC offence had been filed against the cabbie. \"No arrest has been made,\" he said. The bus driver stated in the complaint that \"the old cabbie sped ahead and intercepted the bus. He smashed the bus's headlight and windscreen\".On June 8, a BEST driver and three others allegedly beat up an auto driver, leaving him unconscious. The same day, another person was assaulted when he tried to intervene a fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14253266", "title": "Ganjam farmers yet to recover from last year's drought", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The central government's recent decision to hike the minimum support price (MSP) of paddy by Rs 170 per quintal has failed to bring cheer to the farmers of Ganjam, one of the major rice producing districts in the state, due to lack of sufficient rainfall and massive drought last year.The central government raised the MSP of paddy from Rs 1,080 per quintal last year to Rs 1,250 per quintal for 2012-13. \"Farmers in Ganjam are not happy with the hike as they are yet to get drought relief,\" said leaders of farmers' organizations. \"The government has not provided compensation to farmers. It is very unfortunate,\" reiterated senior Congress leader and former speaker of the state assembly Chintamani Dyansamantara. \"We will be forced to resort to an agitation if the government further delays compensation to farmers,\" warned Simanchal Nahak, convener of Rushikulya Rayat Maha Sangh. \"Farmers in the district are going to other states to eke out a living and are going through a really difficult time due to last year's unprecedented drought and this year's prolonged dry spell,\" added Rabi Rath, district convener, Odisha Chasi Surakhya Abhiyan.Around 3.81 lakh hectare of farmland in all 22 blocks of the district suffered crop loss, affecting around 5.60 lakh farmers. The district administration requires around Rs 130.84 crore to provide ex-gratia to the affected farmers. \"The government has sanctioned the money and will provide the compensation very soon,\" said collector Krishan Kumar.Meanwhile, farmers in the district are worried due to the lack of rain. As against 168.30 mm normal rain in the month of June, the district has received only 82.18 mm of average rainfall this year so far. Sufficient rain was required in the month of June to start agricultural operations, said deputy director of agriculture, Aparti Sethi. He, however, was hopeful that the district will receive adequate rainfall soon as the southwest monsoon finally hit the state on Sunday. The district has programmed in 4.11 lakh hectare for agriculture, including paddy cultivation in 2.23 lakh hectare, this year, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14256419", "title": "Gentleman's game bowls over kids", "text": "KOLKATA: For Swapnil Sharma, cricket has been about weekly jousts with his 68-year-old grandfather. On Monday, the eight-year-old was thrown into a bigger cauldron for a taste of the real thing - and it has left him thirsting for more.\"We go to my grandparents' place in Paikpara every weekend. That's when my grandfather and I play cricket on the big terrace there. We take turns batting and bowling and I have a really good time,\" said the Class-III student of Adamas International School after a stint with former India opener Devang Gandhi at Kolkata For Kids, an initiative of The Times of India. \"Today I had an even better time. I've told papa to please take me to a cricket academy. Now I want to play everyday; on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday... everyday.\"From Rishab, Kushal, Soukarna, Kanishpal, Devesh, Satvik and Swastik, it was a sentiment shared by all the kids who had gathered at Arun Lal's academy on the Maidan on Monday.Unlike Swapnil, Swastik Biswas, a Class-VI student, of St Thomas Church School of Howrah, had come with a 'background'. However, the 10-year-old who has taken the first steps into the game at a coaching camp in Dankuni, is grateful for the opportunity to be at Monday's event. \"We get The Times of India at home, and that's where I saw the ad. I'm so lucky to have been among those selected,\" he said.\"Interacting with Devang Sir was really great. He corrected my mistakes, and there were quite a few. I wasn't bowling well and my follow through in batting was getting stuck. Devang Sir showed me how to do it and I was soon getting much more power in my strokes. I'll keep practising it at home,\" he added.Devang too was pleased with the kid. \"He grasped things quickly,\" he observed. Batting, bowling and fielding drills had every kid plunging into the task at hand. \"I strongly believe that basics must be right but I also know that coaching mustn't curb or destroy the natural abilities of a kid,\" Devang, who took up coaching in 2007 after he retired from first-class cricket, spelt out his outlook.\"Kolkata For Kids is an excellent initiative, and I'm not talking about just today's coaching session here. The Times of India must be lauded for giving kids such wonderful opportunities,\" he gushed, adding: \"With today's kids spending so much time with television, computers and mobiles, these activities will leave them yearning for the real things too. I think even parents will understand that their children need to be in such activities for their overall growth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14249596", "title": "Bill to protect medics, other staff in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government is drafting a bill to protect medicos and other staff from attacks by kin of patients on the hospital campus, health minister Tapan Chakraborty said on Monday.He said the existing laws are not sufficient to handle violent activities immediately after a patient dies in hospital. The government is going to pass the legislation to ensure the security of doctors and other staff in hospitals, he added.\"The bill titled 'Prevention of Atrocities on Medicare Personnel' has already been drafted in consultation with the law department, taking the instance of Andhra Pradesh. This would be tabled in next assembly,\" added Chakraborty.Andhra Pradesh was the first state in the country to formulate a separate legislation for ensuring service in hospitals and to check damage to property and assault of medical workers following deaths of patients.West Bengal and Odisha have also formulated a similar law and apparently it yielded a better result in both public and private-run hospitals. \"If the law is passed, medical personnel will get legal support against any assault and attack on them on the hospital campus. Rather, it would boost their morale to serve the people in a fearless manner,\" said Chakraborty.The state government has already set up police pickets in Agartala Govt Medical College and State Referral Hospital in Agartala, following a series of attacks on doctors and nurses and damage to hospital property, alleging negligence of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-19"}
