{"city": "nashik", "code": "12311186", "title": "Medical meet sees big names in attendance", "text": "NASHIK: Vice-chancellor of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) Dr Arun Jamkar on Friday appealed to the fraternity of orthopaedic doctors to come together and put in efforts to convince the Medical Council of India (MCI) to start a fellowship and super-specialty courses in orthopaedics at the MUHS. He also stressed the need for upgrading the orthopaedics syllabus.Dr Jamkar was the chief guest of the two-day long Maharashtra Orthopaedic Association Regional Conference 2012, which kicked off at Hotel Express Inn near Pathardi Phata on the Mumbai-Agra Highway on Saturday.Over 350 orthopaedic doctors from Nashik, Dhule, Aurangabad, Malegaon and Sangamner and other places attended the inauguration of the two-day conference to update their knowledge and share their experiences with regard to the ever-evolving sub-specialties and super-specialties in the subject.Also present on the occasion were Dr Rajesh Kanojia, president of the Nashik Orthopaedic Association, Dr Dileep Patwardhan, president of the Maharashtra Orthopaedic Association, Dr Nitin Deshpande, secretary and Dr Tushar Deore, organizing secretary.Apart from research papers by participants, the two-day event will also see speakers of national and international fame sharing their views and expertise on the subject, interactive sessions, case discussions and sessions on the art, science and commerce of orthopaedics.In his address, Dr Jamkar also stressed the need of upgrading the syllabus of orthopaedics at the undergraduate level, which can be done by following up the issue with the Medical Council of India.The MUHS Vice Chancellor further focussed the attention of the medicos towards the lack of proper communication between doctors and patients and appealed the doctors' fraternity to work towards bridging it. He, however, said that on part of his varsity, a course on improving communication skills had been started in a bid to improve upon the doctor-patient interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12311064", "title": "City lauds Sachin's 100th ton", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a day that the country was waiting for with baited breath. As the little master hit the ball towards square leg to take the final run, the city roared in celebration. Sachin Tendulkar , by hitting his 100th hundred on Friday in the Asia Cup , yet again proved why he is called God of Cricket. Like fans across the world, it was a moment to capture for all cricket fanatics in Coimbatore who remained glued to their television screens.\"I did not move even once since the match began. There was an optimistic feel in the air (seeing Tendulkar play) that today was the day when the maestro would deliver. I don't think that anyone Tendulkar fan would want to miss out on the opportunity to witness the moment,\" remarked S Prem Kumar, former state player, who once met Tendulkar during nets at Chepauk stadium.\"It would be no exaggeration to call him god of cricket especially after the glory that he has seen in his carrier. He did it in his own style and silenced his critics who predicted his retirement after the Asia Cup,\" added Kumar.Recalling his experience of bowling to Tendulkar at Chepauk stadium, Kumar says the key to Tendulkar's success is his hardwork. The runs that he makes on the ground are a result of the amount of time that he spends on the ground analyzing his strokes and play shots that the world later cherishes. Kumar remembers Tendulkar as a humble man who always suggested on the lines of improvement and the ways to tackle certain players.\"The young cricketers have a lot to learn from him. He is a role-model for them. Though it was disappointing to see India lose the match; however, Tendulkar hitting a century was more than a victory for us,\" says R Rajaram, a league player and also a software engineer. By scoring his 100th ton, he has set a standard for the other players to follow, he added.The master blaster's choice of shorts and his overall temperament on the field is what makes him stand where he is now. His hardwork and involvement in the game is a learning exercise for the young players. \"Tendulkar made his mark despite all the odds. He has been a true ambassador of the game. He deserves a Bharat Ratna for his devotion to the game,\" adds U Sujeesh, a Psychologist working with an NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12311480", "title": "His life as a poet finds a rhyme with debt", "text": "KOZHIKODE: His only weapon against a life full of tribulations is his poetry. But the verses that always prefigure a developing dystopia and fetched Pavithran Theekkuni (40) several poetry awards including a State Sahitya Akademi Award, won't come handy to keep his dream home from slipping away into the hands of bank.For someone who did almost all odd jobs that came his way, from being a restaurant waiter to selling fish, to feed himself and his family, a home of his own was more a dream than a desire. Well-wishers extended a helping hand and he purchased four cents of land and built a house in Aaayancherry, 60km from Kozhikode. He also took a loan of Rs 1 lakh from the Kozhikode District Cooperative Bank Ltd in 1998 to build his house.But for Pavithran, now a temporary employee of a centre of Kerala Chalachithra Academy at Kannur, the Rs 350 that he earns daily has been the only source of income to pay back his debt. He defaulted.On March 9, the bank authorities issued a possession notice to him. Pavithran who fears losing even his temporary job is now also fighting to keep his home with himself.\"I blended my dreams and poesy while constructing the house with the support of well-wishers,\" said the poet recalling that the house was named 'Mazha' by the late poet A Ayyappan.The close acquaintances of the poet have launched an e-campaign on blogs and Facebook to save the house of Pavithran. His friends are on a move to collect Rs 1.34 lakh required for settling the debt of the poet through a bank account SBI VATAKARA 30592106917(Bank IFSC Code: SBIN0005048).\"A huge share for building the house was contributed by writers and public. I bought the land and built the house for Rs 6 lakh,\" said the poet. Pavithran is confident of repaying the loan amount if the bank gave him some more time.The e-venture to help the poet has so far fetched Rs 8,000 in four days, and the poet and his well-wishers are expecting to collect the amount required to freeze the recovery proceedings of the bank before the March 31 deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311573", "title": "No consensus on leader, party leaves it to Sonia", "text": "PANAJI: Even after the debacle in the March 3 elections there appear to be strong differences in the small group of nine MLAs of the Congress over electing a leader.This became clear as the MLAs-elect failed to arrive at a consensus to elect their leader at a meeting held in the Congress house on Saturday evening. Mukul Wasnik, who was deputed by AICC for the meeting, said a one-line resolution was passed authorizing AICC president Sonia Gandhi to appoint the CLP leader.Talking to reporters after the meeting, Wasnik said that six out of the nine MLAs were present. Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar is out of station while husband-wife duo Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and Jennifer were absent. Sources said the Monserrates are supporting Kamat.The contenders for the post of opposition leader are Pratapsing Rane, Digambar Kamat and Mauvin Godinho. The CLP leader will be the opposition leader. As per the rules of procedure of the house, a minimum of one-fifth of the strength of the assembly has to sign for the appointment of leader of opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "12312135", "title": "Red Bull founder dies in Thailand", "text": "BANGKOK: Thai business magnate Chaleo Yoovidhya , who built a fortune on popular energy drink Red Bull, died on Saturday. He died of natural causes at Chulalongkorn Hospital, a Bangkok Post report said. He founded T C Pharmaceuticals in 1962 that developed an energy drink - Krathing Daeng - which later became Red Bull in the 1970s.The product became highly popular among local truck drivers and labourers. It was only after Austrian entrepreneur Dietrich Mateschitz discovered Krating Daeng on a sales trip to Asia in 1982 that the energy drink took off globally. Today, Red Bull is sold in 160 countries with annual sales of about $5 billion. The Yoovidhyas own 51 % of the firm.Forbes magazine this year ranked Chaleo as the third wealthiest person in Thailand and overall 205th in the world with net worth of $ 5bn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310945", "title": "Girl recovers after fall at school", "text": "CHENNAI: The Class 12 student who fell down from the first floor of her school building in Chetpet on Friday, after rushing out of classroom while writing the physics exam, is recovering, said doctors at the private hospital where she was admitted. She suffered a fracture to the right elbow and is out of danger, they said.Her father Mohandas on Saturday rubbished reports that his daughter had tried to kill herself. He said his daughter was a studious girl and fell down as she was feeling giddy.\"As it is we are upset that she cannot write her examinations and now the media is hounding us with suicide theories. It is not fair,\" he said.The incident had created a flutter among parents of students of Seva Sadan school on Harrington Road on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12457382", "title": "Tollywood stars to be present at Earth Hour", "text": "Looks like Tollywood stars are doing their bit to save the planet. Actors Tamannaah, Navdeep, Swati, Shraddha Das and Amala Akkineni will be joining Earth Hour Ambassador Rana Daggubati (of \"Naa Ishtam\" fame) in pledging their support at Necklace Road in the city on March 31. The actors will switch off lights as well as electronic gadgets for an hour. They join other Hyderabadis from 7 pm to 10 pm on Saturday night as an initiative for a better Earth. Singer Sunitha of \" Maska\" fame will keep the audience entertained. Performances of Kuchipudi dances as well as mimicry by local artists to follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312354", "title": "Classical music appeal more than in China than India", "text": "The New York Philharmonic , home to legends like Gustav Mahler and Leonard Bernstein , will see a major change this year as its president and executive director Zarin Mehta ends his tenure. Mumbai-born Zarin, 73, the son of Mehli Mehta, who founded the Bombay Symphony Orchestra in 1935, and brother of music conductor Zubin Mehta , is credited with broadening the Philharmonic experience by cultural initiatives like its 2008 concert tour of North Korea. He talks to Vrushali Haldipur about the challenges of fund-raising and engaging audiences in a digital eraCultural organisations are largely dependent on donations and endowments. It was reported that endowments for the NYP dropped from $212 million to $170 million in the past decade. What are the other challenges that you faced during the economic downturn?When you have a mature organisation like the NYP, it comes with its own set of challenges. There's always the question of where does the revenue come from -- the ticket sales, the fees and the fund-raising . During the recession, our endowment went down enormously, by about 30%. It only started to come back about a year ago. Our concerts are sold out so it's obvious that there is an active public interest; we just have to find means of capitalising on it.With file sharing and YouTube , the expectation is that music should be available for free. How does an orchestra deal with this audience expectation?With the internet, I think the medium has served only to grow the audiences who want to go to live concerts. We were the first orchestra to offer downloadable concerts, and to make the library of music accessible to all. After all, there's only that much you can get out of that little piece of wire sticking in your ear. You will have that inherent need to go and watch and hear something live. Every time there's a technological advance , people say no one will go to concerts or movies anymore. But that's not what happens finally. In the commercial music industry, people stopped going to record stores to buy music, but that was never a major issue for an orchestra. So it didn't affect our finances drastically.The NYP's 2008 visit to North Korea was a unique news-making initiative. However , such initiatives are also viewed as 'musical diplomacy' , and sometimes criticised for this reason. Does politics get in the way of music?North Korea was an unusual occurrence. For some reason they reached out to us. We got the permission of the US State Department to pursue it- a diplomatic encouragement , not financial. They had no concert halls; we had to go and design a concert shell for the orchestra . We got an enormous amount of help from patrons and the North Koreans could not be more hospitable. However, the American right wing press castigated us, saying we were 'serenading a tyrant.' But we were not letting down anyone by going to North Korea ; we played the American national anthem and we flew the American flag; we played what we wanted and we were warmly applauded by all. Did we make a change or any difference? No, but I think we were able to show that group of people that the Americans who they've hated for the last several years were not all that bad.In recent years, Asia has seen a rising interest in western classical music. Do you hope to see India also on the tour map?The NYP tours Asia on a regular basis--Japan , Korea, Hong Kong - there is a great demand and infrastructure there for classical music and orchestras. Asia has been the hub for classical music for the last 10 years; we've been to China twice, and Taiwan is another place we perform regularly. Hong Kong is building a huge complex of theatres, opera houses and concert halls. In China, many cities have two or three concert halls and they invite major artistes from all over the world to come over and perform . This does not happen in India. One always compares India and China , but as far as western classical music goes, China is ahead of India in terms of involvement. In India, I don't think there is that indigenous push for people to want to get involved in western classical music. Zubin , of course, brought the Florence, the Munich and Israel Philharmonic orchestras to India on his initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312297", "title": "Two killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: Two youths were killed in a road when a four-wheeler hit their motorbike near IIM Indore here on Saturday.The deceased were identified as Bhola Sharma and Pintu alias Pramod Sharma. Bhola was maternal uncle of Pintu, police said.The police informed that the duo was going to Pithampur on their bike (MP09 LK 2348) at around 4 pm when a four-wheeler (MP09 CD 2103) coming from opposite direction hit them.Both of them reportedly died on the spot. The police have sent the bodies to MY Hospital.The accused is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312436", "title": "Chain snatchers get 18 months jail", "text": "PUNE: The court of judicial magistrate first class D L Bhagwat sentenced two persons to 18 months of rigorous imprisonment and fined each a sum of Rs 1,000 for snatching three gold chains of a woman on June 25, 2010.The victim, Pallavi Gaikwad, and her family members were passing by the Nageshwar temple when the motorcycle-borne thieves, Rajendra Kamthe, 21, and Irfan Shaikh, 20, both residents of Kondhwa, snatched her chains. A passerby, Hrishikesh Kharadar, chased the accused on his bike but they fled.The Kondhwa police had arrested Kamthe on June 30, 2010, after which his accomplice Shaikh was also arrested. The duo confessed. Police had seized 53 grams of ornaments which were converted into a bar with help from a jeweller.Assistant public prosecutor Ashok Joshi relied on the evidence given of Gaikwad and Kharadkar for proving the guilt of the accused. Joshi pleaded to award maximum punishment to the two as offences relating to chain-snatching were on the rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12311879", "title": "8 nabbed for preparing country-made liquor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad conducted raids in ravines of Sabarmati river in Sardarnagar and Adalaj and busted breweries for country-made liquor along with two places in Naroda on Saturday. The teams arrested eight persons and seized 5,000 liters of wash, 145 liters of distilled liquor and goods to prepare the liquor. The accused were handed over to respective police stations.According to A R Chavda, sub-inspector of vigilance squad, Chittranjan Singh, the state DGP, had ordered a crackdown on the country-made liquor breweries in the state after one death near Vadodara recently and thus, various areas in the state will be covered in the days to come.\"We have gathered intelligence about the major spots of production and distribution of liquor and got to know that the banks of Sabarmati river are used extensively for this business. We have informed respective police stations about the illegal liquor making activities,\" said Chavda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315215", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee says he was extra careful while formulating Budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said he was \"extra careful\" while formulating his Budget proposals in view of the political situation on the ground.\"... Knowing the mood of the persons who matters here (in Parliament), I had to be extra careful and I had to make my colleagues extra careful. Therefore, many of things which could have been done, rather should have been done, could not be done just at the time of the Budget,\" he said.Addressing the industry leaders here, the Finance Minister said the policy shifts are quick and he had to keep in mind the prevailing ground reality that a \"decision taken in one House is reversed or changed within 24 hours, when the same proposal approved by one House comes to the other House\".He said the impact of high volatility in international commodity prices, uncertainty and fragile economic growth in the developed nations on Indian economy will have to be addressed collectively by the government, political establishments and the industry.\"While fiscal consolidation will help create more space for private investment demand, improved financing and spending on infrastructure will help strengthen investment,\" he said.Mukherjee said the government is focusing on improving domestic demand to promote medium term growth.Commenting on interest rates, he said \"in coming months we are looking at reversal of policy rates\" adding that this will help in improving business sentiments.Industry has been pitching for lower lending interest rate as a hard monetary policy has impacted investments as credits have become costly.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12310474", "title": "Engineers run over in Faridabad", "text": "Two engineers were killed in a road accident in Faridabad. According to the witnesses, a speeding tractor ran over the duo, Santosh and Kapil, while they were riding on a bike. The duo worked with a computer dealer and were on their way to attend a complaint. Duo died on the spot and the tractor driver was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311552", "title": "Stink from Buddha Nullah to continue", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a stinking news for city residents staying along side the Buddha Nullah, the discharge of domestic sewerage would continue from there for another six months.Apart from stink, the residents of a few villages are drinking contaminated water because drain water merges with Satluj river, used as drinking water source.Despite clear directions from the high court to curb the discharge at the earliest, MC continued to ignore the directions. The high court in its ruling on September 15, 2010, had directed that untreated domestic sewerage water should not be thrown in the drain and MC had assured they would close the disposal units installed at various points, but failed and have extended the deadline from March to September.There were total 14 disposal units that were throwing untreated domestic sewerage water in the drain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310461", "title": "Priest among 3 arrested for selling leased defence land", "text": "MUMBAI: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the city police has arrested three persons, including a priest, for allegedly selling a land belonging to the defence to Shapoorji Pallonji group for Rs 5.5 crore. The plot houses a heritage structure.Investigating officer C B Tatkare said Vidya Baranwal, associated with Pallonji's legal department, had lodged a complaint with them. Following that, Bishop Baiju Gavit (71), advocate Rajnikant Salvi (67) and his brother, Shashikant Salvi, were arrested.According to the police, in 1953, the defence gave the land on Hazarimal Somani Marg near CST to The Bombay Diocesan Trust Association on a 99-year lease for Re 1 a year. \"No one can sell or buy such properties,\" said Tatkare. The Government of India leased out several properties in Panvel, Panchgani, Pune, Kolhapur and Raigad to the association for its educational and cultural activities. \"The accused approached the complainant company and said the defence had allowed them to redevelop the 4,266-sq-yard land, which also houses the heritage structure. They also said they would bring all the necessary permission from defence and the charity commissioner. The accused claimed to have sent all the documents to the defence ministry,\" said the police.However, investigations revealed that no letter was sent to the ministry, but by then, the accused had already collected Rs 5.5 crore from the company. The builder had plans to redevelop a 33-storey building on the premises. Members of the Church of North India (CNI), the largest group of Protestant Churches in India, initially shied away from commenting.CNI bishop for Mumbai Prakash Patole was out of station and not available for comment. But the secretary of the Maharashtra Council of Churches (a Protestant group), Rev Victor Gollapally, said it was an unfortunate incident. \"Church institutions are to be used for ecclesiastical, social, educational and health purposes and not to be sold,\" he said.Cops said when the developer did not get any satisfactory document/reply, they approached the Bhoiwada police and lodged a complaint. \"Two bank accounts belonging to the accused have been frozen. It contained Rs 1.5,\" said the officer.Incidentally, another group in the association had approached another builder to sell the same property.(Inputs by Ashley D'Mello)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311499", "title": "Evolving from anti-social activity to fashion statement, tattoos bring faith &amp; artistic expression together", "text": "Expressive, beautiful and subjective these have fast made their way into the hearts of city youngsters. We are talking about religious themed tattoos which are routinely seen on youngsters these days. And with their cultural status steadily evolving from that of an anti-social activity to that of a trendy fashion statement, for youngsters this is where faith and artistic expression meet.And for the stylish look they are ready to bear the extreme pain - when tattoos are made no anesthesia is given. The tattoo artist uses a hand-held machine that acts like a sewing machine with more than one needle piercing the skin repeatedly.With every puncture the needles insert tiny ink droplets inside the body. It hurts but then the pain is for a while and the tattoo is permanent, said Sambhav Dhiman, an MBA student residing in Panchkula. He got Lord Shivas face tattooed on his right arm from Delhi in December, 2011.Some people feel the imagery is a constant reminder of the divine and makes them feel closer to God. Others have gotten religious tattoos as symbols of healing. Whatever the reason, it sure adds to the style quotient. Available in different styles and designs, one can get these tattoos made at Rs 600 per square inch for black &amp; white and Rs 800 per square inch for coloured tattoos.Kusha Verma, a second year student of fashion designing, said, For now I have a temporary tattoo of Lord Krishna on my left shoulder, but soon I will get a permanent tattoo made on the same place. For me this tattoo holds spiritual meaning since I am a devotee of Lord Krishna.On the other hand, Daman Singh, a BA final year student residing in Mohali, said, I have a tattoo of Jesus Christ on my arm as I really found it attractive. It has nothing to do with spirituality. I liked it so I got it. Besides figures of God, their sayings and mantras are equally famous for tattooing with city youngsters. Sapna Kaushal, student and resident of Sector 18, said, I have got the Gayatri Mantra tattooed on my back as I like reciting it all the time for peace of mind. I also plan to get another tattoo made on my neck soon. This time it will be a figure. Tattoos go on for a variety of reasons, from fleeting to religious. They pay tribute to loved ones. They reflect identity and deep feeling. They show defiance and originality. They mark moments in a lifetime. And, sometimes, they provide a constant reminder of the divine. Whatever the reason but before getting a tattoo made one should have all the necessary information on it.Risks InvolvedAllergic Reactions | Colours used in tattoos especially red, green, yellow and blue dyes can cause skin allergies such as itch or rash at the tattoo site. This can happen years after you get a tattoo.Skin Infection | A skin infection which might cause redness, swelling, pain and pus like drainage is also possible after tattooing.Bloodborne diseases | If the equipment used to create your tattoo is contaminated with infected blood then you can contract various bloodbornes disease, including tetanus, hepatitis B and hepatitis CNot approved | Tattoo inks are classified as cosmetics, so they aren't regulated or approved by the Food and Drug Administration .How tattoos are doneTypically, the tattoo artist uses a hand-held machine that acts much like a sewing machine, with one or more needles piercing the skin repeatedly. With every puncture the needles insert tiny ink droplets into the skin's top layer. The process is done without anesthetics which cause a small amount of bleeding and slight to potentially significant pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315108", "title": "TVP releases in Telugu", "text": "Director Thiru's debut flick Teeratha Vilayattu Pillai has a second run at the box office. But this time around, it's the Telugu dubbed version of the film, titled Khilladi, that's geared up for race at the BO.Thiru, who's directing Samaran with Vishal, says, \"The film hit screens recently and has been getting good response all over the state.\" Interesting, Vishal enjoys a good market in Andhra Pradesh, and most of his films get dubbed into Telugu. The three heroines, Neetu Chandra, Tanushree Dutta and Sarah Jane Dias, have also done a couple of Telugu films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12311442", "title": "Foundation stone laid for gender park", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The ten-day gender fest, organized by the department of social welfare in association with various organizations, concluded here on Saturday. New Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit performed the foundation stone laying ceremony of the gender park in the district through video conferencing.Chief minister Oommen Chandy also did the same to address the gathering .Government will take measures for the empowerment of the women, said P K Kunhalikutty, minister for industries, IT and urban affairs.M K Muneer, minister for social welfare and panchayats in his presidential address said that the fest has helped to identify cancer in seven women during a health camp conducted in five thousand women in the district. P T Usha was honoured on the occasion. One hundred and one women including Kudumbasree workers, CDS and anaganwadi workers were felicitated on the occasion. Actresses KPAC Lalitha, Navya Nair, journalist Leela Menon, Nilambur Ayesha and others were felicitated on the occasion.Bharthanatyam performance by actress Navya Nair, comedy programme by Suraj Vencharanmudu and musical night by Vijay Yesudas were held soon after the valedictory function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12317890", "title": "No backdoor VDIS, says Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no no \"backdroor\" Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) in the budget, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee made it clear today.Mukherjee has proposed in his budget presented two days ago that unexplained money, credits and investments would attract the highest tax rate of 30 per cent irrespective of the income slab of the person possessing these assets.This has generated comments that it amounted to an amnesty to people with blackmoney through \"backdoor\" VDIS and that no no further penalties would be imposed in such cases.Dismissing this speculation, the Finance Minister said, \"How could you call it backdoor VDIS? Everyday search and seizure is the normal provision of the Income Tax Act. When officers go for search and find that somebody has Rs.10 crore in cash which he cannot explain, that money has to be taxed at the highest rate at 30 per cent.\"Besides the tax, penalty and interest would be imposed in such cases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303258", "title": "Madhur Bhandarkar to direct a film for Bhansali?", "text": "Here's one pairing that is bound to create a lot of buzz. Two filmmakers who are as different as chalk and cheese - Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Madhur Bhandarkar- are coming together for an upcoming film.We can tell you that if all goes well, Bhandarkar will direct a film for Bhansali, which is the Hindi remake of the 2002 Tamil blockbuster Ramana, written and directed by A R Murgadoss, who also made the superhit Ghajini.About Ramana: the film was first made in Tamil at a budget of Rs 11.5 crore and starred Vijaykanth and Simran. Released during Diwali, it ran for 150-odd days in theatres, a lot judging by today's standards. It was later remade in Telugu as Tagore, with Chiranjeevi in the lead and then in Kannada with Vishnuvardhan headlining it.A source told us, \"Bhansali has been wanting to make Ramana since quite some time. He was thinking about whom to pass on the mantle. It was recently that he zeroed down on Bhandarkar. Ramana is a very hard-hitting film and would suit Bhandarkar's style of filmmaking.\"Reportedly, Bhandarkar has agreed in principle and the modalities are being worked out.According to the source, an official from Bhansali's company went with the offer to Bhandarkar's office in Andheri last week. He even gave a DVD of Ramana to the director, who saw the film early this week and quite liked it.The film would be Bhandarkar's next after he completes Heroine starring Kareena Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor. While we repeatedly tried to get in touch with Bhansali and Bhandarkar, both remained unavailable for comment.Meanwhile, we can also tell you that a couple of years ago there was buzz in trade circles that a Hindi version of the film was being planned -with Shah Rukh Khan and Aishwarya Rai in the lead.Ramana storyThe leading man, Vijaykanth, decides to abolish corruption once and for all with the help of his students, who are now working in various government offices. The reason for this powerful decision is shown in flashback. Vijaykanth is a happily married professor.One day, when he is out, the entire neighbourhood collapses due to faulty construction, and his wife and daughter lose their life in the incident. Vijaykanth rushes to the existing officials in the hope they will help him, only to find out they are corrupt and mere puppets in the hands of one industrialist who holds the reins. Vijaykanth's decision is born out of disillusionment with the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310797", "title": "Education Times job fair in city draws huge crowd", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-day multi-industry job fair, jointly organized by the Education Times and Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology (KKIT), began in Coimbatore on Saturday. Over 1,500 job aspirants from different parts of the city visited stalls on the inaugural day. Former minister and college founder chairman Pongalur N Palanisamy inaugurated the fair.According to Indhu Murugesan, vice chairperson of KKIT, about half of those who turned up got recruited and offer letters were issued to them.Divya N of Meglio, an outsourcing firm, said the firm has vacancies for various positions. \"The standard of students who turned up is quite satisfactory. Those who selected have to go attend a detailed interview later,\" she said.Saravanan R, B Tech IT student at the Government College of Technology (GCT), said the fare helped him understand latest trends in the job market. \"This is a good experience as we came to know how different firms recruit people and what are requirements are,\" he said.James I of Ajuba Solutions, a medical billing firm, said the firm selected students considering their skill levels. K Dinesh Babu and Raghav R, B Tech IT students from KKIT, who got offers at the job fair feel relieved that they need not to go on searching for a job. \"The most satisfying part is that we saved of running around for jobs after finishing the course,\" Raghav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12312487", "title": "Trinamool Congress leaders accused of stalling Kolaghat bridge work", "text": "HOWRAH: A mob allegedly led by Trinamool Congress leaders from Bagnan ransacked the Naopala site office of a construction firm engaged in the Kolaghat bridge project.A section of Trinamool leaders have long been demanding that locals be hired. The company agreed to take a few unskilled workers. On Friday afternoon, however, Trinamool leaders laid siege to the site with nearly 100 locals, demanding that more be employed. They barged in, destroyed documents and furniture, and beat up a few workers. The other workers fled.The company lodged a complaint with Bagnan police naming six Trinamool leaders. Local Trinamool leaders. were also accused in a similar incident a week ago at the construction site of the Dhulagarh toll plaza in Sankrail.\"This is a very unfortunate incident. We have already hired 10-15 locals as unskilled workers,\" said P K Mukherjee, chief liaison officer for Ashoka Buildcon Ltd. District Trinamool president and minister Arup Roy said that no obstruction will be tolerated in development work. \"We have told the police to take necessary action,\" he said. Howrah additional SP Sukhendu Hira said police are trying to trace the accused.How long before motorists on NH6 get a respite from the chaos that prevails at either end of Kolaghat bridge across the Rupnarayan? Even as a National Highway Authority of India (NHAI)-engaged contractor is trying to complete at least one flank of a new bridge across the river by December, 2012, politics has reared its ugly head and attempts are being made to throw a spanner in the works. There is no 'conspiracy' by the CPM involved here. On Friday, at Naopala on the Howrah end of Kolaghat bridge on Friday.The bridge across the Rupnarayan seems to be jinxed. A Kerala-based company started work in 2003 but progress was extremely slow and by 2006, NHAI realized that there were technical flaws in the construction. The contract was terminated and a new tendering process was initiated. This time , the contract was bagged by Nasik-based Ashoka Buildcon Ltd. The company hired Arvind Techno Engineering Pvt Ltd for construction and work started on June 2011Work on the bridge had started in 2003 but NHAI detected some flaws in 2006 and the project was given to another firm. Work resumed in 2011. The new company was to complete the 323-metre stretch of the flank that was left unfinished by the first contractor and build the other 1.019-km one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312677", "title": "Fishermen\u2019s cell watch on coast", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police have given 105 cellphones to fishermen so that they can report to them any suspicious movement off the coast.\"In order to enhance intelligence gathering along the coast, the state government has roped in the fishing community. Over 100 fishermen have been given cellphones and asked to report to the police , coast guard or naval officials if they (fishermen ) come across anything suspicious. A fisherman can even share secret information he has with him regarding coastal security,\" home minister RR Patil told the state legislative council on Friday.Shiv Sena MLCs-Parshuram Uparkar, Deepak Sawant and Ramdas Kadam had expressed concern over the security of the state's 720-km-long coastline. Patil said the government has chalked out a strategy for maintaining tight vigil along thecoastal area.\"Separate coastal police stations have been created. The state and the Centre have even handed over 27 boats to the cops.\" Patil said the government has asked officials to have a regular interaction with the fishermen.\"Officials conduct regular meetings with the Kolis.Theofficialsbrieffishermen of their responsibilities and alertness they (informers ) need to exhibit. The community is also informed about the dos and don'tsthey needtoobserve ,\" Patilsaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312678", "title": "Coalition Cocktails", "text": "Many countries have experimented with coalition governments from time to time, with varying degrees of successDenmarkAfter the elections last September, 17 days of intense negotiations followed between three opposition parties, which eventually led to a Centre-Left minority coalition with a 76-page programme. It is working smoothlyGermanyThe coalition government, in office since 2009, comprises the conservative bloc led by Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union, its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union and the business-friendly Free Democrats. There has been bickering over issues like tax cuts and anti-terror measures, but the coalition continuesJapanIn 2010, the Social Democratic Party left the coalition government over a dispute regarding the relocation of the US base at Okinawa. In 2011, PM Naoto Kan called on the opposition Liberal Democratic Party to join a \"national unity\" government to deal with the devastating impact of the March 11 temblor. But the move to \"put aside political differences\" didn't work as LDP refused to join the governmentBritainAfter the 2010 general election, which ended in a hung parliament, the Conservatives formed a coalition with the Liberal Democrats . The government is based on an agreement which spells out 11 key areas, including deficit reduction, tax measures, immigration, education &amp; civil liberties on which the coalition would focus. Barring minor hiccups, it's been smooth sailing so far", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12311596", "title": "Alert sub-registrar foils fake registry attempt", "text": "GONDIA: An alert sub-registrar thwarted a fake registry attempt by a man on Thursday. Dhaniram Patle (42) of Isatola village of Goregaon tehsil tried to sell the land of Shobha Bante, who was not in Gondia for a while, using fake identity. Bante, a resident of Tumsar has 3,337 sq ft plot in Chaurasiya Complex on Ring Road, Gondia.On September 9 last year, Patle entered into an agreement to sell this property illegally to Netram Bijewar (42) of Ghoti village in Goregaon tehsil for Rs 13 lakh. An advance of Rs 5 lakh was also given to Patle by Bijewar on November 3. They had decided to do the registry on March 15.During registration process, Dhaniram produced an impostor instead of Shobha Bante and pasted a fake photograph on the registry paper. However, sub-registrar RK Gaidhane objected to these papers. Patle tried to put pressure on the registrar but Gaidhane warned him of police action. So Dhaniram, his witness and the impostor lady fled from the registrar's office.Bijewar then reported the matter to the police and an offence was registered against Patle and his accomplices under section 420.Gaidhane said, \"There is a rise in such instances and when we fail to detect such frauds, we also become party to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12320222", "title": "At M S University, special exams for commerce absentees", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's biggest faculty - the Faculty of Commerce - is blowing hot and cold over absenteeism. After debarring a total of 416 first year bachelors of commerce (BCom) students from the mid semester exams last month, the faculty has now started taking special additional exams for these absentees.The faculty for long has been criticized for going soft on absenteeism. At a time when everybody thought that the faculty is finally cracking the whip against absenteeism, it has once again gone soft.Sources suggest that since Saturday all the absentees, who were earlier debarred from the exams, have been allowed to appear in the additional exams which are being conducted at the faculty's main building.Earlier ahead of the mid semester exams of the FY B Com students that began on February 22, the faculty had debarred 66 students of the faculty's main building, 125 students of faculty's girls college and 225 students of faculty's unit building.While dean of Faculty of Commerce professor Parimal Vyas was not available for comment, a teacher from the faculty confirmed that the absentees have been allowed to appear in the exams which have been specially organized for them.\"We have allowed them after they gave a written submission apologizing for remaining absent and promising that they will be regular in future,\" said the senior teacher, putting forward the age old argument of the faculty that its weakness was its strength (the faculty counts for nearly 15,000 students).But this argument has not gone down well with a section of teachers from the same faculty. \"It is a known fact that absenteeism which has crippled academic functioning of the faculty is indirectly supported by teachers themselves. What was the point in making big announcements - issuing warnings, publishing two lists on notice boards, writing letters to their residences and inviting parents for discussion if all the faculty was finally going to do was organize special exams for the absentees,\" said another teacher.Ironically, while the faculty is busy conducting special exams for the absentees, it has not been able to deliver mark sheets to regular students of FY BCom. This week, those students who have failed in the FY B Com exams, have been asked to produce an \"internet copy\" of the marksheet, which they will have to attach to forms to appear for the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310511", "title": "City minorities unhappy over budgetary allocation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state budget had disappointed the minorities only a month ago. Hoping for respite, they looked towards Delhi, but the Union Budget too has failed to bring cheer.Experts describe the budgetary allocation of Rs 3,135 crore for minorities for the fiscal year 2012-13 as 'inadequate'. While there has been an increase in allocation of Rs 385 crore from Rs 2,750 crores in 2011-12, the causes of concern are many. Politicians and activists say that the provision of pre-matric scholarship which has been increased from Rs 540 crores to Rs 810 crores and post-matric scholarship which too has seen a rise from Rs 405 crores to Rs 450 crores are negligible.Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi says, \"The budget allocation for minorities is highly insufficient.We were expecting Rs 7,000 crore but have received less than half. Since the 12th Five Year Plan is about to start, Rs 300 crore increase every year will just not do.\"While many rue that the allocation is abysmally low, Rajya Sabha MP Aziz Pasha brings to attention the government's failure to fully disburse allocated funds in the past. He says, \"In many states there has been only a partial release of funds on many occasions. For example, of the 358 houses constructed for people from minority communities in Barabanki by means of allocated funds, only 18 were given to them. In Bihar there is only 10% implementation of such schemes. The bureaucracy is prejudiced because of which funds do not reaching minorities. They only to ensue that this doesn't happen is by implementing these schemes on mandal and sub-mandal levels.\"Prof Kancha Ilaiah, director, Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Manuu, observes, \"The allocation is an injustice to the minorities and does not commensurate the levels of social exclusion the minorities are facing. Their socio-economic ghettoisation has been pointed out in the Sachar Committee report. As for the SCs and STs, they have been historically oppressed and we must not belittle their pain. The budget has been good for them.\"The Union General Budget earmarked Rs 4.5 crore for free cycles to girl students from minority students studying in class IX so as to encourage them not to drop out. Also, Rs 18 crore has been earmarked for the Skill Development Initiatives so that the youth from the minority communities become employable.Owaisi noted that the Rs 3.2 crore allotted for development of wakf properties across the country wouldn't be enough even for one big property. \"While we appreciate that this government has increased the allocation for minorities as opposed to the Rs 17 crore allotted by the NDA government in 2003-04, the Rs 3,135 crore still remains insufficient,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12320129", "title": "Tagore anniversary celebrations to end with grand finale", "text": "SILCHAR: The Assam government has decided to host a two-day programme in Silchar to mark the end of the year-long celebration of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary.State irrigation minister Ardhendu Dey said the programme will be organized here on April 10 and 11. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi will attend the function on the first day. However, the venue will be decided later, he said.Addressing the preparatory meeting held at the office of the deputy commissioner here on Saturday, Dey said the celebration of Tagore's 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary was launched in Assam in May last year with an intention to rekindle interest in the bard's writings, paintings and music. The minister said the final programme commemorating the end of the year-long programme in Assam will be held in Guwahati in May.Dey said the state government has already announced that a Rabindra Bhavan would be set up in all the district headquarters of the state. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also announced the institution of a prestigious international award in the name of the Nobel laureate. He said the proposed programme in Silchar will help spread the message of Tagore and his teachings in this part of the country, which has a rich cultural heritage.A coordination committee to host the programme has been formed with Cachar deputy commissioner Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta as its chairman. Two other deputy commissioners of Karimganj and Hailakandi, local MLAs and eminent cultural activists are members of the committee.Assam minister for excise and sports Ajit Singh, Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya and Sanskriti Sanmilan Cachar district president Taimur Raja Chaudhary also participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12311146", "title": "9-year-old raped, manhunt on", "text": "NASHIK: A nine-year-old girl was raped on Friday night and the city police have launched a manhunt to trace the culprit who also attempted to rape another girl of the similar age, assistant commissioner of police (crime branch) Ganesh Shinde said.Shinde said that on Friday at around 8pm, an unidentified person entered a residential society near Dhamankar Corner on Trimbak Road and asked two girls playing there to show him the TV cable box on the terrace of the building.When the two girls went with him to the terrace to show him the cable box, he raped one girl and tried to rape the other girl. According to reports, the person threatened the girls to throw them off the terrace if they tried to shout and before leaving the terrace he also threatened to kill them if they told the incident to anyone in their families.After the person fled the scene, the two girls came down crying and narrated the incident to their families. Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, Shinde and other senior officials rushed to take stock of the incident.According to reports, the culprit wearing a T shirt, jeans and cap came to the society and told the girls that he was a cable man. He asked the girls to bring the keys of the terrace from the watchman of the society. After the girls brought the keys, he asked them to accompany him to the terrace for showing the cable box.Meanwhile, Shinde said the police were making all out efforts to trace the culprit. The police have also made two sketches and checked with all the teenage students of the schools of the girls. Further, the cable men of the area, boys from the nearby slum and also of the remand home have been interrogated in a bid to get some lead into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12317998", "title": "Contractual doctors demand regularization of job", "text": "PATNA: Peeved over their service conditions, 1,600 contractual doctors across the state would proceed on long leave if the state government does not regularize their services within 45 days.Announcing this, Bihar State Contract Doctors Association president Dr Kumar Amitabh on Sunday said that a decision to this effect was taken at the first annual convention of the association held in the state capital on Sunday. He said that in 2008, CM Nitish Kumar had announced to regularize the services of contractual doctors and ordered for framing a policy for it. This was mentioned in the state gazette also, he claimed.Dr Amitabh said when a delegation met the principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha in this connection, the latter directed the delegation to contact Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) as he had sent a letter to BPSC in this regard. \"When we approached BPSC, the officials there told us that the services of contractual doctors would be regularized on the basis of a written examination,\" he said and added that BPSC officials said that only the state government can make any change in this regard.He urged the state government to grant contractual doctors one-year leave with salary so that they could prepare for the written examination. It was very difficult to carry out one's duty in hospital for several hours and also prepare for written examination. \"Written examination is not easy as one has to appear in all the papers in which the doctors had to appear in their MBBS final examination,\" he pointed out, adding that several contractual doctors had been posted at various hospitals for the past six years.The association president said it was also decided at the convention to boycott the written examination to be conducted by BPSC. He urged the state government to regularize the services of contractual doctors with immediate effect through a notification and hike their salary to Rs 50,000 per month.Several doctors complained that they were removed from their contractual jobs without any showcause notice. Later, the contractual doctors took out a candlelight march from IMA Building to JP roundabout near Gandhi Maidan to protest the state government's apathetic attitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312563", "title": "Parent Teacher Association meeting may decide student\u2019s fate", "text": "MUMBAI: St Elias High School in Khar may call a Parent Teacher Association meeting on Monday to discuss the fate of the Class IX student who slapped and verbally abused his principal in a fit of rage.Though the principal has not confirmed the meeting, parents claimed it was being held to discuss the course of action against the student. The student's mother claimed she had planned to meet the principal on Friday with her son.\"When we got to know about the complaint, we couldn't go back to school. He has missed his exams, so I am not sure if we will go back. I will go for the meeting if they call me, but I haven't decided if he should apologize,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310871", "title": "Cabbie robbed of Innova at gunpoint", "text": "GURGAON: A taxi driver in Gurgaon was robbed of the Innova car he was driving, %at gunpoint near the toll booth on Pataudi road late on Friday night.According to the police, Aarif Khan, a resident of Jhunjhunu (Rajsthan) filed a complaint with the police and said that as he was approaching the toll booth around 11pm on Friday, another car overtook his Innova. Three unknown men stepped out of that vehicle and stopped his car. Then they held him at gunpoint, forced him out of the Innova and fled with the car. A complaint has been lodged with the Sector 10A police station and an FIR has been filed.\"On the basis of the complaint of the car driver, we have lodged an FIR against unknown persons and are investigating the case,\" said Naresh Kumar, SHO, Sector 10A police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312234", "title": "An aloe vera sari?", "text": "If you have environment on your mind and money in your wallet, handloom denim is what you should be wearing to office. And the best part is that it is just one of the new 'green' fibres and fabrics that could in the near future change the weft and woof of our apparel.A number of companies and cooperatives across the country are already experimenting with these weaves. Most of these exotic threads are being blended with cotton or silk to make ready-to-wear clothes and furnishings. Some, such as banana fibre saris made by weavers in Anakaputhur near Chennai, are 100% pure.C Shekhar, president of the Anakaputhur Jute Weaver's Association, says, \"Raw fibre is purchased in bulk from the wholesale market. They are cleaned in a simple bleaching process and the fat content removed. After delicately removing single strands of the fibre, they are woven into fabrics.\"Price, though, is a factor that might put potential converts off. Saris with banana fibre mixed with cotton or silk cost around Rs 4,500; shirts Rs 900-2 ,300. Last year, Anakaputhur weavers entered the Limca Book of Records by making saris using 25 different natural fibres such as banana, flax, sea grass, lemon grass and messa.High cost of production of these 'green' fibres is a bugbear the innovators are trying hard to overcome. Ravi Narayan, owner of Fabman, a fabrics and manufacturing company in Bangalore , says it's painful to recall their experience with milk fibre. \"It's a very niche and expensive fabric that does not sell much. One kilo of the fibre costs $200. Of that, 50% is wasted when it's turned into yarn and a further 20-30 % when it's made into fabric.\"Handloom denim, too, costs almost thrice that of mill-made ones. Delhi-based Rajesh Dudeja, founder of Denim Club India (DCI), which has created a range of hi-fashion apparel , including shirts, jackets, formal coats, dresses and Jodhpurs in handloom denim , says, \"The primary reason for higher price is that more time and manual effort is required to weave denim on handloom. On an average, a weaver manages to weave only around 3.5-4 m of denim fabric per day, whereas an average automatic loom churns out around 500 m.\"DCI's denim is being made by handloom weavers in Bijnor , Rajasthan. Many of them were out of work because of lack of demand till DCI persuaded them to make handloom denim. \"From yarn to fabric, it's entirely made by hand. Fuel is used only for the dyeing part,\" says Dudeja. The fabric is softer than millmade denim, has low carbon footprint and a unique texture. Fashion designer Samant Chauhan has collaborated with DCI to develop an exclusive range of garments made of handloom denim. But a pair of these would cost between Rs 4,000-15 ,000, says Dudeja, compared to, say, Rs 800 for millmade jeans. He is hopeful of the domestic market picking up soon, especially with enquiries from abroad showing a distinct upward curve.The question is, why buy these fabrics when there are cheaper alternatives? All stakeholders agree that it's targeted at a niche segment that's willing to splurge on premium, eco-friendly products. Bamboo and soya fibres form key elements of Bombay Dyeing's premium range of towels and Raymond's \"Expressions\" collection of suiting fabrics. M Prabhu, executive director of Balavigna Weaving Mills Ltd., Dindigul, admits the new generation of fibres and fabrics is \"30% more expensive\" than corresponding cotton products. \"But they are durable and better,\" he adds. Balavigna, which manufactures bamboo, soya protein and cellulose fabrics, along with cotton and linen, reportedly supplies to brands like Levi's , Jack &amp; Jones, H&M; , Vero Moda and Westside.Even the Anakaputhur weavers are getting bulk orders for banana fibre saris from Chennai and Bangalore, and there have been sample orders from the US, Singapore, Malaysia and Canada . \"But we are not able to increase production because of lack of space,\" says Shekhar. So the weavers make about 150 saris a month.As these unconventional fibres make their mark on fashion ramps and in global stores, it remains to be seen whether a growing discerning public in India , too, falls for their charm and feel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312172", "title": "State's first modern slaughter house on the cards for city", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is all set to develop the first of its kind state-of-the-art slaughterhouse in Madhya Pradesh with a zero waste disposal facility. Though the civic body is yet to identify the place for the slaughterhouse, it is likely to come up on eight acre of land on the outskirts of the city at an estimated cost of Rs 50 crore.A proposal for a similar slaughterhouse for Bhopal is also in the pipeline.The slaughterhouse will be developed on public-private partnership (PPP) basis under which 15% of the cost will be borne by the Union government and the remaining 85% will be shared by the company, which will be picked through tender. The IMC has to allot land for the slaughterhouse.\"The state-of-art slaughterhouse will be operated on a zero waste disposal basis,\" said the zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav, who is supervising the project, adding that the waste from the slaughterhouse would be disposed scientifically. Other features of the slaughter house include a collection centre, main slaughtering and chilling chambers, storage room, packaging and processing centres. \"It will also have provision for a market to sell and purchase animals,\" said Yadav.With the setting up of the modern slaughterhouse, a serious issue of frequent bird-hit at airport will be solved, says the official. \"The slaughterhouse will be coming up on the outskirts of the city and far away from airport. All other slaughter houses will be closed down and then the airport authority need not blame the civic body for bird-hits,\" he said.Interestingly, there are three authorized slaughterhouses in the city at Sadar Bazaar, Khajaran and Junni Adda. But sources said that there 35 unauthorized slaughterhouses operating in the city. \"The work for the slaughterhouse would begin once the site is identified,\" said Yadav. A proposal for a similar slaughterhouse for Bhopal is in the pipeline.Tenders have been invited for project consultancy, he said. The company that will get the tender for consultancy will prepare a detailed project report and it will be sent to the Union ministry of food.\"After receiving the approval from the Union ministry, the civic body will float another tender for developing the facility and it is expected that the work may start in the next six months from now,\" said Yadav adding most of the metros have such modern slaughterhouses and soon Indore will join the league.The consumption of meat in Indore is about 500 kg everyday. The proposed slaughterhouse will have the capacity to produce more than the existing demand. The company, which will develop the slaughterhouse, can also export mutton from here.Long-term solutionWaste generated at slaughterhouse will be managed scientificallyProject cost-Rs 50 croreArea-8 acreLocation-City outskirtsModel-Public Private PartnershipFacilities: Collection centre, main slaughtering and chilling chambers, storage room, packaging and processing centresSpecial provision: Market to sell and purchase animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310570", "title": "CBI\u2019s view sought on plea to try teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has been asked by a Delhi court to respond to a plea by a co-accused of former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala in a teachers' recruitment scam of the state to put 1,577 teachers also on trial for being \"illegal beneficiaries\" of the scam.Special Judge Vinod Kumar has issued notice to the CBI, seeking its reply by March 21, on a plea by co-accused Narain Singh Ruhil who alleged that 1,577 \"undeserving candidates\" who got selected were the \"ultimate illegal beneficiary\" of the conspiracy and were still having the benefits.\"Issue notice of this application to the CBI for March 21,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310248", "title": "Road rage: 2 vehicles torched", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a road rage incident in Jamia Nagar, two groups clashed after one of them wrongfully overtook the other's vehicle. The argument turned ugly with one group setting two vehicles, including an MCD earth mover, on fire.Police said the fight took place around midnight when Firoz Alam, a resident of Jamia Nagar and a local builder, was going to Noida with his friend Surinder in his Safari car. \"They had crossed the Jamia Nagar police station and were on their way to Okhla when they overtook a Scorpio ahead of them,\" said a cop.However, the five men inside the Scorpio became angry on being overtaken, said police. The men stopped their car on the middle of the road and blocked Firoz's way. Firoz was unable to apply the brakes and rammed into the Scorpio from behind. This provoked the men further and they allegedly beat up Firoz and his friend.They called more of their friends and a gang of around 15 men smashed the Safari and set it ablaze, police said. An MCD earth mover parked on the side of the road also got torched during the confrontation. Firoz claimed that police was late by over an hour, though the incident took place near the police station. The police have registered a case under Section 435 (mischief by fire). Till late on Saturday evening, one of the accused had been identified and efforts were on to nab the miscreants.Extra policemen were deployed at the site after the incident. Senior cops of the district promised to look into any laxity on the part of the local police. They, however, rejected Firoz's claims that besides being beaten up, he had been robbed of his valuables, including his watch and mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12312394", "title": "Man suffers stigma in HIV test flip-flop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After suffering stigma for a year for being diagnosed HIV positive, a man was found HIV negative earlier this week at the state-run Capital Hospital.\"I was shunned by everybody, including the hospital staff, due to my HIV status. But after the test last week, they have started touching me again,\" said Hadibandhu Sahoo, who has been undergoing treatment for a broken spine. Sahoo had tested HIV positive in April 2011 at Swami Vivekanad National Institute of Rehabilitation Training and Research, an institute of the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment in Cuttack district.Sahoo, who is from Ghantapada village in Angul district, used to work as a security guard in a biscuit manufacturing company in Gujarat's Bhuj. He had broken his spine during the 2001 Gujarat earthquake and underwent a series of treatment at various health centres. His spine, however, refused to heal and he was finally admitted to the Vivekanad National Institute for treatment from April to June 2011, where he was diagnosed HIV positive. \"I was discharged from the hospital in August and started a paan shop in Talcher with the help of the local MLA. However, people who knew my HIV status would avoid the shop,\" he said.The 50-year-old wheelchair-bound man had to be admitted to Capital Hospital when he injured his back again recently after he slipped and fell while taking bath. In a fresh test conducted at the Integrated Counelling and Testing Centre (ICTC) at Capital Hospital, Sahoo was found to be HIV negative last week.\"The recent fall was a blessing in disguise for me. I have got a new lease of life after the fresh diagnosis. I had started cursing my life earlier,\" said Sahoo , adding, \"Now finally I am being treated as a normal person.\" When contacted, the hospitals defended the test reports.\"We rely on the rapid test kits supplied by National AIDS Control Organisation, which has a margin of error,\" said R N Mohanty, director in-charge of Vivekanad National Institute. Capital Hospital authorities said the ICTC test is a confirmatory test.\"I can't comment about test done elsewhere but ICTC tests are regarded confirmatory. We will, however , look into the matter if something may have gone wrong,\" said Capital Hospital spokesperson Dr S N Swain. Activists cautioned people to not get frustrated with rapid test kits. \"Rapid test kits is not a confirmatory test. Confirmatory tests are done only at ICTCs,\" said Pravasini Pradhan, president of Kalinga Network of Positive People.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312550", "title": "Jitendra Abhisheki music festival from March 23-25", "text": "PUNE: Generous offerings of 'sangeet natak,' 'bhaktisangeet,' 'ghazals' and fusion by some of the most acclaimed names in Indian music, are some of the highlights of the annual Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki Festival, the seventh edition of which will be held from March 23 to 25 at Gharkul Lawns, near Mhatre Bridge.The three-day event will be inaugurated on March 23 at 5.30 pm in the presence of mayor Vaishali Bankar and well-known actor Shrikant Moghe. This will be followed by renditions of 'sangeet natak' and devotional songs by Raghunandan Panshikar, Archana Kanhere, Manjushree Patil, national award winner Anand Bhate, Hemant Pendse, Kalpana Jhokarkar, Vinod Digrajkar and Mugdha Bhat.The itinerary for March 24 includes performances by Delhi-based shehnai player Bhaskar Nath, vocalist Pandit Parmeshwar Hegde and ghazals by well-known singer Hariharan.The festival's final day will open with a solo performance by Pandit Jitendra's Abhisheki's disciple Mohan Darekar. This will be followed by 'Vibrations,' a unique fusion sequence conceptualised and put together by well-known flautist Ronu Majumdar.This year, the festival line-up includes 25 upcoming and established artistes. \"The festival is aimed at making the younger generation aware of Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki's musical contribution, and to instil in them a love of Indian classical music. Efforts are on to provide a platform to young and upcoming artistes,\" said Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki's son vocalist Shounak Abhisheki, at a press conference on Saturday.The festival will also felicitate Pandit Jagannathbua Purohit's disciple, Leelatai Karambelkar, a senior classical artiste for her contributions to Indian classical music. Another award, in the memory of Pandit Jitendra Abhishek will be conferred upon Aparna Gurav, an upcoming vocalist from Pune. \"This award is meant to encourage younger talent,\" added Abhisheki.Festival has been organised by Tarangini Sanskrutik Pratishthan and Aapla Parisar, and has been supported by Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12314596", "title": "Manipur's People's Liberation Army providing training to Naxal groups in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Extremist groups from northeast have added a new dimension to Left Wing Extremism especially in Jharkhand as they appeared have aligned together with cadres of Manipur's banned People's Liberation Army (PLA) providing arms training to Naxal groups.\"There have been many instances in various operations where we have raided and collected evidence as well as killed fighters belonging to northeast outfits. This clearly indicates exchange of technical know-how of armed insurgents from the northeast with the Naxal outfits operating in Jharkhand,\" says deputy inspector general operations (CRPF), Chaibasa, Bhanu Pratap Singh.The central paramilitary force along with the state police have been combing Sarju jungles in Lathehar district to hunt for Naxals and insurgents of PLA.\"We had information that a group from People's Liberation Army Manipur had travelled to Jharkhand to provide weapons' training to Naxal groups operating here. According to our information a large number of cadres from PLA will join the red outfits here in their fight,\" says another senior official of the para-military force.The combing operation code-named 'Operation Hop - 2' in the Sarju jungles had begun earlier this month and has brought out evidence of groups from northeast aligning with banned Naxal groups, the CRPF official claims.Jharkhand has been the most Naxal violence affected state after Chhattisgarh and also forms the red-corner axis of Left Wing extremists and the presence of PLA and other northeast groups means more problems for security forces, the official said.The districts of Palamu and Chatra are key Naxal-affected districts in Jharkhand, a state where 18 out of 22 districts are fighting Left wing extremism. There are over six Naxal outfits operating, of which five -- Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TSPC), Jharkhand Liberation Tigers (JLT), Sarwastra Pupili Sammorcha (SPS), Jharkhand Prastuti Committee (JPC) and Jharkhand Jan Murti Parishad (JJMP) are more active.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312278", "title": "Police identify woman's killer as Ashwani of Eta district", "text": "INDORE: The accused in the killing of woman in a lodge in Chhotigwaltoli area was identified as Ashwani resident of Eta district of Uttar Pradesh. The accused Ashwani, who was identified by his uncle, had given a slip to Uttar Pradesh police and was carrying a reward on his head.Police said the accused Ashwani son of Vinod Kumar Tiwari had checked into a lodge in Chhotigwaltoli posing as a Lucknow-based journalist along with a woman under fake names of Snehil Mishra and Mamata. The accused fled the lodge after killing the woman who was later identified as Hemlata.Chhotigwaltoli inspector Anil Singh Rathore told TOI that police went to neighbouring state with the photographs of the accused and were able to identify him. Rathore said the accused is wanted in many cases including rape and loot in Uttar Pradesh.He said that Ashwani gave a slip to policemen while he was being escorted to Agra by the Eta district police. Police have announced a Rs 5000 reward for information about him.In an effort to escape from police, he reportedly was staying in different cities with many fake names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12311344", "title": "No change in desert park's boundaries: Report", "text": "JAISALMER: The high-powered committee from the Centre that visited Jaisalmer last July in its report has recommended that no change should be made in the borders of the Desert National Park (DNP). The DNP is spread on the Thar desert and the report says that the development work should not stop. M K Ranjitsinh, the committee chairman and chairman of Wildlife Trust of India said, \"Villagers' problems should be resolved.\" The DNP is spread over 3,162 sq kilometre.He said that a committee from the Centre visited Jaisalmer-Barmer last July and visited many areas in the DNP. They also met the villagers to know about their problems.The committee observed that the development works were not being done and villagers were facing a lot of problems. M K Ranjeetsinh Singh in his report has requested the government not to stop the development works due to DNP and said that people should get the basic facilities and their problems should be resolved", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12317888", "title": "ED asked to look into deals of Dubai hotelier who saved Indians from gallows", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Enforcement Directorate has been asked to look into a complaint of alleged money laundering through 126 bank accounts by the Dubai-based hotelier SP Singh who arranged blood money for the Indians facing gallows for killing a Pakistani.The probe was ordered last week by the Punjab and Haryana High Court on the complaint of a whistle blower Vijay Pal Singh who has alleged SP Singh and family members have 126 bank accounts without even having a Permanent Account Number (PAN). The whistle blower says the case can have proportions of Hasan Ali who arrested for money laundering running into billions of rupees.The complaint says he had learnt that income tax department had traced dealings of around Rs 100 crores by SP Singh and his brother.The division bench of Justice MM Kumar and Justice Alok Singh has asked the Enforcement Director to decide on the complaint within two months from the date of the receipt of the certified copy of the order.The Dubai hotelier has been in close touch with police officers, bureaucrats and politicians of Punjab and was even praised by Punjab Pardesh Congress Committee (PPCC) president Amarinder Singh for arranging blood money for Indians facing gallows. SP Singh recently sponsored a sports event organized by the Chandigarh police. He was even honoured by a section of citizens of Chandigarh, who demanded Padma award for him.The complainant has alleged that SP Singh has been indulging in \"hawala\" transactions through few of these accounts and authorities did not take any action when the matter was reported to the police, Punjab State Human Rights Commission, Income Tax Department and even banks.Vijay Pal Singh has alleged when he came to know about alleged illegal transfer of funds by SP Singh, his brother Gurjit Singh and their father Pritam Singh, he reported the matter to an Indian Revenue Service (IRS) P Sidhartha in the Income Tax Department.An income tax search was conducted at the house of SP Singh and his brother at Mohali in India on June 11, 2008. The search revealed existence of the 126 bank accounts without any PAN identity.Indicating a nexus, the whistle blower has said despite he being an informer on whose information, the income tax survey was made, the department is withholding information regarding the seizure to the informer. Vijay Pal Singh has moved an RTI appeal for this information.The complaint has also recorded that banks are duty-bound to report the matter to Reserve Bank of India but nothing happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310809", "title": "Pranab\u2019s Vodafone plan vulnerable to legal attacks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though Parliament can make a law to overcome a Supreme Court judgment and it has exercised this power several times, the Vodafone amendment in the Budget is liable to be challenged on at least two grounds. One, whether the Vodafone case can be reopened merely on the basis of a \"clarification\". Two, whether the amendment can be brought retrospectively going as far back as 50 years.Successive governments have resorted to \"validating laws\" to get over inconvenient judicial verdicts. But such an Act is considered valid only if it removes the defect which the court had found in the existing law or it changes the statutory basis on which the judgment had been delivered. A prominent example is the constitutional amendment made in 2005 to nullify a Supreme Court ruling that caste-based reservations could not be extended to private educational institutions.It is debatable whether the clarification introduced by Pranab Mukherjee in the income tax law \"for removal of doubt\" fulfils the exacting requirement of changing the basis of the Vodafone judgment. For, the bench headed by Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia has held that the existing law does not permit authorities to impose capital gains tax on a share transfer between companies registered abroad, even if it was for assets and business located in India. If it challenges the amendment, Vodafone may well argue that the clarification introduced in the income tax law only reiterates a contention that has already been rejected by the highest court of the land.Another ground on which the Vodafone amendment is vulnerable to legal attack is \"excessive retrospectivity\", as it is provided to come into effect from April 1962. The government will be hard pressed to justify a retrospective amendment that could reopen all the Vodafone-like transactions over the last 50 years. While it is recognized that a validating law can be brought with retrospective effect, the Supreme Court has frowned upon cases where the retrospectivity was found to be excessive. But then, as the apex court held way back in 1963, the length of time covered by retrospective operation \"cannot by itself be treated as a decisive test\" for upholding a validating law.Some of the most controversial validating laws included the one that was enacted in 1975 to overcome the Allahabad high court judgment against Indira Gandhi's election. A decade later, Rajiv Gandhi earned the odium of appeasing Muslim fundamentalists when a law was passed to get over the Supreme Court's verdict in the Shah Bano case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311138", "title": "Tough lessons in pipe composting", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Corporation councillors who now swear by source-level waste management, on Saturday attended a day-long session to learn the nitty gritty of biogas pipe composts. And experts who conducted the session showed them various models of the pipe compost systems.Additional secretary C Radhakrishnan Kurup explained about the new project of installing pipe composts in the 100 wards across the city.It's the Vilappilsala garbage plant crisis that necessitated installation of biogas pipe composting system in the city.\"Pipe composting is a greenhouse technology that helps reduce carbon dioxide emission,\" said Kurup. \"Moreover, there is no space in the city to bury garbage. So the best solution would be installing pipe composts,\" he added. One unit of pipe compost costs Rs 713, of which of Rs 610 will be given as subsidy. The remaining amount will be reimbursed by the Corporation.For the installation of the pipe, every ward should have a beneficiary committee and a monitoring committee. The committee should comprise 11 members. The councillor cannot be a member in it. There should be representatives from Kudumbasree units, and women and scheduled caste in it. The chairman and convener of the committee should open a joint account in a nearby bank. The committee can approach residents associations, service providers and Kudumbasree units for the fund.The monitoring committee comprising five to seven members will take up the responsibility of supervising the units after they are installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12311457", "title": "Mother of all heritage villages to come up on banks of Nila", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Ponnani will soon have a heritage village.The Nila Heritage Village, with a museum, cultural houses, sports complex, and convention centre, is to be commissioned soon. It will be set up near the reservoir area of Chamravattom regulator-cum-bridge (RCB) on the banks of Bharathappuzha.The irrigation department will set up the village. The District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) has already prepared a project report and design of the village, which would be submitted to the irrigation department soon. Its cost, however, is yet to be estimated.As per the project report, the village museum will house all the available monuments of Ponnani tradition -- history, lifestyle, contribution to freedom struggle, struggles for existence, trade, harvest festivals, folklore, art, and culture.The village convention centre will be able to accommodate 1,000 people, and its second floor will have dining space for 400. There will also be 50-seat mini theatre at the centre.The village will also have 16 suites and five cottages to accommodate tourists.The museum will occupy 70,700 sq m, and would be constructed on the traditional mode. There is also a kids' park with modern amenities planned in the village.The sports complex will include a swimming pool, basket ball, shuttle and tennis courts, an indoor stadium and a sports hostel. The proposal also includes a 1,500-capacity amphitheatre. The craft centre will be named after Pakkanar of the 'Parayi Petta Panthirukulam'. It will display works of traditional craftsmen in Ponnani.The courtyard of the village will face the water. The village will look like a mini forest with a landscape that accommodates trees and plants.The scheme is intended for the overall development of the under-developed regions in Ponnani, the project report says. It will also help the new generation understand the glorious tradition of the region.The construction of the village will not require any land acquisition as it is being planned on government land. Moreover, its beneficiaries will be low and middle class families, who can make a living out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310916", "title": "Humanity needs 2 more planets, says scientist", "text": "BANGALORE: We've slipped into the age of extinction. With that shocker, Nobel laureate Peter C Doherty, who was in Bangalore recently, gets into a debate about science and humanity in an interview with Sunday The Times of India. Professor Doherty, who spends his time between the University of Melbourne and St Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, won the Nobel in 1996 along with Rolf M. Zinkernagel for finding out how the immune system recognises infection. Here are some insights into Homo sapiens' response to (inevitable) growth:Professor, if you think of time as 'the age we live in', what age are we living in now?We've clearly slipped into the age of extinction. The present time is being described as the sixth great biological extinction--the anthropogenic extinction. The major problem, as I understand, is the constant degradation of forest and other habitats-basically filling wetlands to make golf resorts. You must also be aware of the diclofenac story: the Indian vulture has seen a drop in population. (The cause is attributed to poisoning by the veterinary drug diclofenac).Some countries worry about falling population rates, others about high rates. How would anyone avoid the charge of genocide while arguing for stabilization of population?Where are these under-populated areas? Australia, for instance, is mainly uninhabitable and we've just seen, in two successive years, massive flooding of our best agricultural areas and associated towns. Where will water and food come from to support a further, massive increase in human numbers? Ten years ago, we were saying 800 million don't get enough to eat; now it's a billion. You must be aware of the discussion about the degradation and loss of ground water and rising arsenic levels in India and Bangladesh .Why do you describe being responsible, when it comes to family size, as genocide? Would you prefer starvation and possible nuclear war? Why is it that we have so little imagination as a species that we can only think in terms of endless growth? The only situation we see in biomedicine where we have continuous growth is cancer. Cancers are very successful, though they tend to make their hosts sick. And they are ultimately dumb. When their host dies, they die.Also one other thing: if the rest of the world has to live the life of an individual American, Australian or Brit, we would need three planets. We have one. Where are the other two? I am not suggesting people should not live comfortable lives, but it appears Earth is not enough.Is GM (genetically modified) food the answer to population explosion?If we are going to feed many more people, we need to use every possible technology to improve food production without degrading good agricultural land and putting even more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere. GM has to be part of that mix, and many African scientists and farmers want to use GM. But this has the potential to block their access to European markets and funding. There's a whole lot of hypocrisy in the way Europe and America look at GM food. They talk of free trade and free market all the while, but when it comes to agriculture, why are they being protectionist? Europe is blocking GM food from Africa and even wants it to stop GM food. Why the interference? Let Africa and India do what they think is best.A lot of research focuses on infectious diseases and lifestyles. Is there a better understanding today of immunity and infection? Is the West better off?Many infectious diseases are a product of poverty. Malnutrition, both micro and macro-nutrient, make people more susceptible to many infections. Many of the \"third world\" diseases are insect-borne. But, then, there was the West Nile Virus which hit the US; in 2009, 17,000 people were affected and 100 deaths were reported. There was SARS earlier. Since we live in a time when science has advanced, we were able to control it within six months. There were 8,000 afflictions and 800 deaths. So it's not exactly true that the West doesn't have diseases, the nature and kind differ. But there's better understanding of the virus and the immunity now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303198", "title": "Amitabh-Jaya Bachchan reunite for a love saga", "text": "If one does not count one day's shooting that they did for makeup man Deepak Sawant's Bhojpuri film Ganga Devi out of sentimental reasons, the Amitabh-Jaya Bachchan pair has not done a film together since Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham in 2001. Prior to that, the evergreen jodi had got together in 1981, again as husband and wife, in Yash Chopra's Silsila.Now, director Shoojit Sircar, who made the unreleased Johnny Mastana with Big B three years ago, is all set to reunite Mr and Mrs B in what the director described as \"a retrospection of a marriage in the closing years of a couple's life when they're certain that one of them would go before the other. After spending 35 years together, how does one-half of the marital pair prepare to face a spouse-less existence?\"It is interesting to see Sircar cast a couple that has spent nearly the same number of years together in marriage similar to the couple they'd play in the film.Sircar described it as an intensely romantic film about an aged couple.\"True love doesn't diminish over the years. It just turns into a different shade of emotion than what it was earlier. I want to explore the unconditional love of a couple who have devoted their lives to one another,\" Sircar said.With the script ready, Sircar has been regularly visiting the Bachchans' residence to firm up the project.\"Mr Bachchan and I spent two years of our lives working on Johnny Mastana. It's unfortunate that the film is still unreleased. I still say it's one of Mr Bachchan's best works till date. My next film with him would be even better,\" Sircar said emphatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12311836", "title": "Usgao mishap victim dies", "text": "PONDA: Ponda resident Vishwajeet Naik, 43, died in the GMC on Friday night as a result of injuries he sustained in an accident earlier in the day at Usgao. Naik's car had collided with a tipper truck on Friday evening. The victim, a resident of Tiral Usgao in Ponda, was heading towards Tisk Usgao when the accident occurred at Barazan Usgao. The tipper truck rammed into Naik's car causing severe injuries. The Ponda police have arrested the truck driver Subhash Yadav, a native of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312260", "title": "Ganga Ram Hospital to launch research department today", "text": "To improve services in many areas of health care, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital will launch its department of research in the city on Sunday. Dr D S Rana, chairman, board of management with the hospital, said, \"Research conducted here as has had a major influence on patient care in this country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312151", "title": "4 out of 6 spice samples found adulterated", "text": "BHOPAL: Watch out! Consuming adulterated spices like red chilli powder, turmeric and coriander in powdered form can be extremely harmful for human consumption, says Food and Drugs Administration Department. Officials said adulteration could even lead to cancer.Four out of the six spice manufacturing factories in Bhopal were found producing adulterated spices of substandard quality. An FDA raid in August last year brought out the poor quality. The report has not been made public as the case is pending in court.\"The spices of VIP masala and VL masala from Chhola Road, Sagar masala from Bhanpur and Babuji Masala from Bairagarh were found containing harmful substances to increase weight of each packet,\" food security officer BS Dhakad told TOI.\"The matter is now in court. Apparently, there is no provision of sealing the factory till the case is over in the court,\" he said.\"Carcinogenic colours , when mixed with spices, are harmful for human consumption. These colours were mixed to improve appearance of the packed spices. It could lead to cancer ,\" he said, adding, \"Other harmful ingredients like coloured crushed rice husk, and crushed wood were also used to increase the net weight of the packets.\"The officials said the adulteration can be detected by a simple test at home. Concentrated hydrochloric acid mixed with a few drops of iodine can be used to identify the adulteration of colours, food security officer said.Like spices, mawa and ghee can also be easily adulterated. Essence , sugar, flavour, synthetic colors and starch are added to mawa and ghee for a better look. Consumption of these materials can cause stomach disorders.\"Many sweet shops in Bhopal are found mixing starch, sugar and flavour with mawa to make sweets presentable,\" the inspector claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/berhampur (odisha)", "code": "12314490", "title": "Two Italian tourists abducted by Maoists in Odisha: Police", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BERHAMPUR (ODISHA): Two Italian tourists have been abducted by Maoists from the tribal-dominated Kandhamal-Ganjam border area in Odisha, said police on Sunday, which is monitoring the situation closely.\"There is information about abduction of two persons by Maoists in Kandhamal district. Further details are awaited,\" Director General of Police Manmohan Praharaj told PTI over phone.Home secretary UN Behera today confirmed the incident and said the abduction took place last night.Kandhamal district collector R P Patil said the incident was believed to have taken place in the bordering area of Kandhamal and Ganjam districts and the situation was being closely monitored though no detailed information was available immediately.The abduction of the foreign tourists was claimed by Maoists through some private news channels around midnight last night, sources said.In their communication to the TV channels, the Maoists claimed that the foreigners were taken hostage while allegedly taking objectionable photographs of tribals in interior areas despite a ban by the state government on such activities.The Maoists have reportedly put forward a 13-point charter of demands for release of the hostages.The conditions include halt to anti-Naxal operations, withdrawal of cases against tribal people lodged in jails 'in the name of Maoists' and implementation of the 'agreement' with the rebels for the release of the then collector of Malkangiri district in February last year, the sources said.Superintendent of police (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj said two Italian tourists along with some tour operators from Puri had come to Daringibadi, a tourist spot in Kandhamal district on March 12, but the police had warned them against Maoist menace in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12295213", "title": "Bittoo Boss is \u2018kickass\u2019: Salman Khan", "text": "Salman Khan is all praises for newcomer Pulkit Samrat of Bittoo Boss fame.Most of the promising actors have had a theatre background and newcomer Pulkit Samrat is no exception. The confident youngster has enjoyed great stardom on tv and theatre. He will make his foray into films with 'Bittoo Boss', where he plays a guy who does video-shooting at weddings.Pulkit told TOI.com, \"Salman bhai loved the promo which is why he agreed to come for the music launch of the film. He looked at the promo and said, 'Kickass'! He also liked the song 'Bittoo sabki lega'\"Let's see if Bittoo kicks ass at the box office too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12310482", "title": "Gangster Iqbal Mirchi\u2019s bungalow auctioned", "text": "BHOPAL: A lurking fear of fugitive druglord Iqbal Mirchi's wrath and two unsuccessful auctions later, the gangster's Angrezen kee haveli , overlooking the Upper lake at Shyamla hills in Bhopal, was sold to a little known Mumbai company at an auction held behind closed doors at a hotel here, amid tight security.The bungalow, once owned by an English lady, was in the news in 1999 after the decomposed body of Anil Sharma alias Abdullah, an accused in the T-Series owner Gulshan Kumar's murder, was found there. He was allegedly a gunman of don Dawood Ibrahim's gang.Memon (61), considered to be a close Dawood aide, is wanted by the Mumbai police for drug peddling. An Interpol Red Corner Notice was pending against Mirchi, who lives abroad.On Saturday, bids for his bungalow began with an opening offer of Rs 94 lakh. It went up as bidding warmed up. The hammer finally fell on Rs 7.5 crore. Around nine bidders from Mumbai, Indore and Bhopal took part in the auction.Mumbai's Surewin bought the sprawling 9,000 square feet property. It is reportedly in the hospitality business and owns a hotel in Panchgani near Mumbai. Industrialist Jagdish Arora, owner of Som distillery and a realtor, was also present at the auction.\"I took part but the bids exceeded my budget,\" Arora told TOI. The company that purchased the bungalow is reportedly known to Arora.The auction was conducted by the commissioner Central Excise, Mumbai. The Superintendent, Smugglers and Foreign Exchange Manipulators Act (SAFEMA) and NDPS Mumbai, Nafeez Khan, was also present.Officials, however, did not disclose details of the deal.The last attempt to auction the bungalow was in 2007. Then, a Mumbai-based company had nearly bagged it but stepped back after depositing the mandatory 10% of the total bid amount of Rs 4.85 crore. It was believed that the gangster's fear had 'scuttled' the deal.Mirchi, a close aide of Dawood, was reportedly arrested but soon released in UK in December last year.Following two unsuccessful bids in the past, there was a time when the Central Excise department had planned to take over the property. A year and half back, it sent a proposal to acquire it. But the central government clarified that any property attached under the Smugglers and foreign Exchange Manipulators (Forfeiture of property) Act, 1976 can be procured by any government department only in case no buyer turns up after attempting at least five auctions. How Iqbal Mirchi bought the agnrezen ke haveli in his wife's name from the foreigner is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311811", "title": "Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh comes down on BJP decision", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major jolt to the BJP-led ruling party in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) on Saturday passed a resolution to oppose privatization of water works. NMC is the only civic body in the country to hand over the entire water works to a private company, that too for a period of 25 years.The resolution was moved during the ongoing three-day Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha, the highest decision-making body of the saffron organization. Passing the resolution, the RSS has strongly opposed the Central government's draft National Water Policy 2012 which, it claims, favours privatization and commercialization of the water and also tariff on the basis of total expenditure on water works. Expressing its concern over the government's move, the RSS has decided not to allow commercialization of water, \"the lifeline of natural resources of mankind\", the resolution stated.Senior RSS leader Bhagwati Prakash said that the government's responsibility is to provide safe drinking water to the citizens. \"Common man will be the ultimate sufferer if water tariff is decided as per production cost,\" he said.He added that the RSS would also oppose any move to privatization of water by the NMC. \"In principle, we oppose any kind of privatization of water and its commercialization. And if BJP is doing it in Nagpur, our views would remain the same,\" Prakash said.Even the Swadeshi Jagran Manch has opposed the privatization of the water works. Its state unit coordinator Ajay Patki told TOI that the commercialization of any natural resources will never be permitted. \"It is our national policy to oppose the privatization of water works. We will oppose such move made by any party,\" he said.During its last regime, the BJP-led ruling party in the NMC had signed agreement for handing over the entire water works to Orange City Water Limited (OWCL), a joint venture of France-based Veolia Water (India) Private Limited and city-based Vishwaraj Infrastructures in November 2011. In the name of public private partnership (PPP) model, the private company was handed over the water treatment plants, operation of water supply, billing and collection.Interestingly, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari had played a key role in handing over the entire works to private company under 24X7 water supply project. Gadkari, who is also a RSS swayamsewak from childhood, had praised Veolia Limited for bringing latest technologies in the water sector and hoped for the same performance in the city.In its manifesto, the BJP had declared that the scheme would be implemented on the PPP model. After assuming charge, mayor Anil Sole had also promised to make the scheme successful in his tenure. Reacting to protests from Congress and social organizations, BJP in the pre-election period had alleged that they were anti-development. It remains to be seen how the BJP will react to this decision by the RSS and SJM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310487", "title": "Mhada man\u2019s Rs 7.5 crore haul", "text": "MUMBAI: It took over four days for the officials of the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) investigating into the disproportionate assets case of suspended Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority ( Mhada) deputy collector Nitesh Janardhan Thakur to conclude their raids.In a fresh development on Friday, the ACB broke open 11 safe vaults kept at his duplex flat in Swapna Sheel building in Vile Parle and seized gold ornaments and cash totalling Rs 7.5 crore. The ACB have finally finished their search of Thakur's properties, which are believed to be worth over Rs 200 crore.\"Initially Thakur refused to part with the password, but then the ACB called a fabricator to break open one of the lockers. After that, Thakur revealed the password of some of the lockers, while the rest were opened with the help of vault experts. It is a huge seizure and now we are evaluating the seizure with the help of experts,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.If sources in the ACB are to be believed, besides the Rs 118 crore properties, ACB officials have found more properties worth around Rs 48 crore. Thakur had invested his ill-gotten money in flats, a beer bar, a beauty parlour, gold and diamond jewellery, as well as opening bank accounts and fixed deposit schemes.The police have also found that Thakur had heavily diverted his money into fixed deposits in Kapole bank in Vile Parle. ACB sources said that Thakur's chartered accountant Sanjay Shah, a builder, Rajen Borde, and few bank officials are likely to be called in for questioning in the coming days. The police have also frozen the accounts of Thakur's companies such as Lucky Angel Group, Acecard Infrasol Pvt Ltd, Aishwarya Estate and Properties and Ajinkya Hotels and Resorts.Thakur was arrested on Tuesday under the Prevention of Corruption Act for amassing properties worth Rs 118 crore. The ACB, which had been carrying out confidential inquiries since 2008, found that Thakur had been living beyond his means and had misused his official position for amassing these properties. The ACB has also named Thakur's wife Minal, mother Chaya and brother Nilesh as co-accused who aided and abetted Thakur by amassing properties in their names. Thakur has been remanded in police custody till March 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312534", "title": "Train travel to north India a hassle", "text": "CHENNAI: Travelling to north Indian states, mainly Rajasthan and Gujarat, from the city continues to be a hassle. The few trains that exist are running full and those who manage to get tickets are forced to travel in dirty compartments, some of which run out of water along the way. Despite repeated demands, the railways has neither increased capacity nor ensured clean berths and toilets on trains that run for more than 40 hours through different railway zones, passengers say.This year's railway budget has not brought any solace, they said. \"In the Chennai-Ahmedabad Navjeevan Express, sleeper class compartments are dirty, lights do not work and there is no water in the toilets. Trains to Jaipur and Jodhpur are only comparatively better,\" says Ashok Modi, a frequent traveller.There are more than five lakh Rajasthanis in Tamil Nadu and just two direct trains from Chennai to that state and for those from Gujarat, there is just one, woefully inadequate to handle the demand, especially during summer which is also wedding season, say many.\"It takes more than 40 hours from Chennai to Jodhpur or Jaipur. But trains do not have pantry cars. Many people often sleep near a reservation counter to try their luck when it opens yet most don't get confirmed tickets,\" said TN Rajasthan Pravasi Ekta Sangh founder president Ashok Rajpurohit. Trains to Delhi, Kolkata and other far-off destinations are no better.\"Berths, especially upper berths, are dusty and littered with garbage left by previous travellers,\" said A Anusha, who travelled recently to Delhi by the Tamil Nadu Express. Railways blame the lack of cleanliness on the high demand. The set of coaches used to operate the Jaipur-Chennai Express is used to operate another train. Trains are not often taken to the yard for cleaning due to shortage of time.Southern railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said \"We have received several complaints. Respective divisions should refill water for toilets on trains that pass through their stations. Most of the time water is filled, sometimes there is overuse. Basic cleaning is done before a train is set for departure.\" A separate body for house cleaning has been proposed and there are plans to improve hygiene of coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310484", "title": "Two workers killed, one injured in fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Two workers lost their lives and one was injured in a fire at a welding workshop at Saki Naka on Friday. The deceased have been identified as Shivram Tiwari (25) and Baburam Jaiswal (22). Ramesh Bandoor (22) sustained severe injuries, including a fractured leg, and is being treated at Rajawadi Hospital.The workers were employed with a firm, which manufactures and supplies vaults to a consumer durables company. The firm's workshop is located at Gilbert Compound on Durga Mata Mandir Road.The incident took place around 9pm when some phenyl in the workshop allegedly burst into flames while welding work was going on. Five fire engines worked to bring the fire under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12311829", "title": "HC restrains removal of wind turbines", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has granted an interim injuction restraining authorities from dismantling or interrupting functioning of wind turbine generators erected by Gamesa Wind Turbines of Chennai in Kumarettiapuram village near Kayathar, Tuticorin district.Justice K K Sasidharan gave the interim order on the Gamesa Wind Turbines of Chennai and Beta Wind Farm. After obtaining a no objection certificate from the electricity board, Gamesa Wind Turbines had erected eight wind turbine generators at the village for Beta Wind Farm Pvt Ltd.The petitioners said that the wind turbines generators were erected at a huge cost, generation of electricity had commenced and was being injected into the grid. The electricity was being utilized by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) for the supply to consumers. In the meanwhile, the panchayat president sent a letter stating that the wind turbine generators were being operated without permission of the panchayat and the companies were called upon to give details of wind turbines erected within the panchayat limits.In pursuant to the letter, the panchayat president also called upon the Gamesa Wind Turbines to pay a sum Rs 1.72 in respect of each wind generator towards tax. He alleged that the company violated an order of rural development and local administration and further called upon Gamesa Wind to demolish and remove the wind turbines. Hence Gamesa Wind Turbines of Chennai and Beta wind Farm filed the present petition.Posting the matter after two weeks, the judge also ordered notice to the state government and other authorities in the district including the panchayat president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312283", "title": "Found in translation", "text": "A 244-year-old compendium of knowledge, the iconic Encyclopaedia Britannica, has just buried its original self to take on a new online avatar. But in India, a humungous project has been silently running for the past few years to recreate books available in English to university students in as many as 22 languages recognised by the Constitution.The project, being run by the National Translation Mission (NTM) for the past six years, celebrated its first major success last week when it released seven dictionaries, six bilingual and one multi-lingual , making English text books more relevant to non-English speaking students.The dictionaries, a joint effort by the Central Institute of Indian Languages (CIIL), Mysore, which is NTM's nodal agency, the Regional Institute of South India (RIESI), Bangalore , and publisher Pearson Education , are an important step in bridging the wide language gaps India's essentially disparate culture brings to the study table.While six dictionaries are bilingual - from English to Hindi, Bengali , Oriya, Kannada, Malayalam and Tamil, the seventh is multilingual as it has the translation of each English word into four major South Indian languages simultaneously.But the dictionaries are only one aspect of this ambitious project that aims to open up the possibility for non-English speaking university students to study even esoteric subjects such as philosophy and trigonometry in their own tongue.\"It's a corpus building exercise and definitely not an easy one,\" says Udaya Narayana Singh, an ex-director of CIIL, Mysore, who is now pro vice-chancellor at Visva Bharati. \"We have short-listed 21 disciplines (out of a total 69 taught across our universities ) in which we would undertake translations from English to 10 major Indian languages first, like Hindi, Bengali, Malayalam, Marathi and Tamil. We've already translated important books on subjects such as plant physiology and organic chemistry .\" This knowledge resource is also getting available online through the website project called Anukriti which brings data on all Indian languages on a common platform.\"There is great interest in translation from speakers of languages like Bodo and Konkani, which do not have a script of their own,\" says Singh. \"Translation in these languages will open up an immeasurable amount of knowledge to their speakers, adding to the evolution of the language itself.\" Interestingly, while both are now officially written in Devnagari, they have had a long history of being written in multiple scripts - Latin and Assamese scripts for Bodo, and Latin, Devnagari, Kannada , Malayalam and Perso-Arabic for Konkani. Bodo, in fact, used to have its own script, called Deodhai, which is now lost.On the other hand are highly evolved languages like Bangla and Malayalam that have a long-established tradition of original writing which makes translation a tricky exercise. \"That's because these languages already have a robust vocabulary thanks to indigenous popular science movements and scientific writing. One has to respect that tradition while undertaking translations and not use something against popular usage practice,\" says Dr Aditi Mukherjee, project director, NTM.As Singh and Mukherjee agree, the biggest advantage of the project is the creation of a new generation of professional translators that will not just benefit the project but also create jobs and give a fillip to the translation industry in the country. \"You would be surprised to know that certain language pairs like Tamil-Gujarati don't have translations due to lack of good quality translators. The NTM will go a long way in ensuring a cross-exchange of knowledge across various Indian language pairs,\" says Singh. Yet another facet that the project is focusing on simultaneously is machine translation whereby entire texts can be translated through the use of computer software.Even as the contours of the project amaze with the sheer enormity of the task, one wonders how useful this exercise would be in the age of internet when even complex translations and interpretations are just a mouse-click away.\"How deep is internet penetration in our country?\" asks Singh. He insists that the aim of the NTM is to reach out to every student and academic in the country, no matter what language he speaks, no matter how remotely situated he is.Wordly wise2,000 |No. of higher education English books being translated into Indian languages by NTM69 |No. of disciplines taught in Indian universities whose texts will be translated into 22 Indian languages Important books on subjects like plant physiology and organic chemistry already translated We could hope to see a Tamil-Gujrati dictionary soon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312434", "title": "Car driven by rich sons mows down 2 students", "text": "NAGPUR: Two students were killed on the spot and another two injured after being hit by a Honda city, allegedly being driven by four drunk youths, at Rahate Colony Square on Saturday evening. Dhantoli police have nabbed all four who are believed to be in the age group of 17-19 and from well-known families in the city.Police sources said the vehicle was being driven by a 17-year-old, son of a reputed builder. They added that others occupants of the car were sons of a doctor, an owner of a college and a businessman.One of the deceased, Vaibhav Ghuguskar (20) was thrown in the air and landed on the bonnet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312322", "title": "Maoist arms network under National Investigation Agency scanner", "text": "KOLKATA: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) may seek custody of the five Maoists, including the technical committee chief Sadanala Ramkrishna, for further investigation. Ramkrishna and his close aide Deepak Kumar were rounded up by Kolkata Police's special task force from the city on February 28, following a specific tip off of Andhra Pradesh Police's intelligence wing. Three other local operatives - Shambhu Pal, Sukumar Mondal and Bapi Mudi - were arrested from the northern fringes of the city. Police also busted a workshop where the red brigade was reportedly manufacturing spare parts of rocket launchers and mortars.On that same night, Mumbai police rounded up four other Maoists cadres.On interrogating on of Ramkrishna, police got to know that he and Deepak revealed that for past one year Ramkrishna and Deepak had been staying in the city flat for the past one year in the fringes of Kolkata and were procuring arms and ammunition for the outfit. It also led police to intercept a huge consignment of spare parts of rocket launchers from a ware house in Raipur. Probe revealed that the consignment which was seized was the seventh consignment and six more already reached to maoist arsenal.Probe agencies feel have reasons to believe that Maoists have already collected huge quantity of weapons through their pan-Indian networkand their report prodded National Investigation Agency to take up the case. Their reports have prodded the NIA to take up the matter.A NIA team soon will land in the city to interrogate Ramkrishna and others to get clues about their contacts and may seek their custody for further investigation.Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) has, however, opposed such effort. They even opposed the state's decision to slap UAPA against these five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310455", "title": "Finance minister budgets for oil price hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has budgeted for an increase in the price of fuel, including diesel, during the current financial year, a top finance ministry official said on Saturday.\"In the revised estimate (for 2011-12), subsidies are 2.4% of GDP. The finance minister has committed to cap it at 2% this year,\" said expenditure secretary Sumit Bose when asked if the government had budgeted for an increase in oil prices to pass on the impact of rising crude price. In the budget, the government has provided Rs 43,580 crore for fuel subsidy in 2012-13, including freight and special subsidy for the north-east, compared to Rs 68,481 crore in the current fiscal.\"There are enough hints at biting the bullet...the steps that follow will depend on a number of factors,\" added economic affairs secretary R Gopalan without elaborating further.On Friday, minutes after the budget, Prime Minister Mamohan Singh had backed the demand for a price hike. \"He (FM) has also said that he would bring the subsidies to less than 1.7% of GDP in the next three years. Now, that is obviously a task which would require the government to put forward an effective programme for adjusting prices of petroleum products and adjusting other relevant prices. We have to bite the bullet. There is no other way in which you can reduce subsidies,\" the PM said in an interview.While oil companies are demanding an increase of Rs 5 in petrol prices, oil marketing companies are losing Rs 14.73 on a litre of diesel, Rs 30.10 on a litre of kerosene and Rs 439 per cooking gas cylinder. Although petrol price was deregulated nearly two years ago, oil marketing companies wait for a green light from the government before increasing prices. With elections in five states, price was not increased and it is unlikely that there will be a hike during the Parliament session.For diesel and cooking fuel, UPA has followed a regulated price regime with oil firms and government sharing the subsidy burden.Apart from the subsidy burden, this year, the government has also saddled ONGC with a higher cess which will fetch the Centre over Rs 7,000 crore and help show a more robust financial health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "koraput (odisha)", "code": "12315003", "title": "One killed in landmine explosion in Odisha", "text": "KORAPUT (ODISHA): A member of a bomb disposal squad was killed, another critically injured and one more went missing when a landmine they were trying to defuse exploded in Odisha's Koraput district today.The team members had successfully defused one and were trying to neutralise the other landmine, allegedly planted by Maoists, when it went off at Alampada, SDPO, Sunabeda, Ashok Patnaik said.The deceased was identified as Sasikanta Rout, he said, adding that Munu was admitted to a private nursing home with injuries and will be shifted to Koraput Government hospital shortly.Efforts were being made to trace the third team member, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312453", "title": "Continuous medical educations are less informative: Allopath doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as allopath practitioners make a bee line every weekend to update their knowledge a little hesitatingly, there are talks of having continuous medical education (CME) programmes for Ayurveda practitioners, too.Many medicos have repeatedly questioned the worthiness of such programmes for a variety of reasons. The ayurveda doctors also sought the information from their directorate in an RTI and were much relieved to know that they are not under any compulsion to attend the CMEs. Those in the know, believe that this may soon get introduced. For the allopaths, the past month has been one filled with rigorous calculations and jumping from one CME to the other, to collect requisite credit hours by February 29 to be able to continue practicing.Dr Mrityunjay Sharma of Shree Ayurveda College said, \"Many times, there is no real updation as allopath practitioners come as faculty in these programmes. Instead of discussing latest researches, a few old topics are discussed.\" He also expressed concern about the limited number of institutes that can conduct CMEs, making it especially difficult for practitioners in interiors.Another teacher from a city Ayurveda college believed that teachers must be exempted from these programmes or at least given some concession. \"As it is compulsory for us to present papers, we generally keep ourselves updated anyway. It is unfair to base our promotion on the number of CMEs we have attended,\" he said.One allopath doctor thought that some of the sessions had actually become fun and frolic events for the doctors. \"Some organizations charge hefty sums up to Rs2,000 from every delegate, conducting the programmes in five star hotels , at times preceded by banquets and ballet dance sequences. Why can't an academic programme be kept strictly academic?,\" he asked. He also believed that 75 per cent delegates are disinterested in the topics being discussed. He also suggested that all this may change with the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) considering a 6-points-per-year approach.MMC president Dr Kishor Taori said that the credit hours and CMEs were introduced with good intentions. \"They are notorious back benchers and interested front benchers at CMEs like in schools. Though, people had started fudging their presence by registering for a CME and not really attending it, we are trying to overcome that by means of intelligent feedback forms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311602", "title": "Beautification drive to be undertaken in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district magistrate has issued instructions to the municipal commissioner to undertake beautification near the Nazareth hospital premises and remove encroachments from the spot.Presiding over a review meeting of officials of agriculture and horticulture department on Friday, DM Alok Kumar said similar drives should be undertaken near Chandrshekhar Azad park, Kamla Nehru Road and Kanpur Road.The municipal authorities should also take steps to provide interlocking facilities on the footpath in front of Nazareth hospital for morning and evening walkers, he said. Besides roadside shops which have encroached on the pavements should be removed with immediate effect, he added.In this connection a delegation of local residents also met the DM and apprised him about improper parking facilities near a reputed English medium school.The DM instructed the officials of the traffic police department to make suitable arrangements for parking of vehicles in the vicinity of the school and penalise those who fail to obey the instructions.He also assured that the boundary wall of Chandrashekhar Azad park would be repaired soon and garbage dump near Vigyan Parishad on Kanpur road would be shifted elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310911", "title": "Jewellers shut shop to protest tax hike in budget", "text": "COIMBATORE: Gold jewellery shops in Coimbatore-Tirupur region remained closed on Saturday to protest the proposal in the Union budget to impose tax on the import of gold. About 3,000 jewellery shops located in Raja Street, Big Bazar Street, Oppanankara Street, Hundred Feet road, and Cross-cut Road took part in the nation-wide protest. Shops in RS Puram, Peelamedu, Bharathiar road, and Saibaba Colony, also downed shutters.In Tirupur, at least 800 shops took part in the strike. Over a lakh gold workers in the region were expected to have taken part in the protest. Shops in Pollachi too were shut as over 150 gold merchants joined the protest.According to Gold Workers Welfare Association leader C R Ravichandran, the 4 per cent additional tax on gold import would cripple the jewellery industry and affect thousands of gold workers and their families. He termed the move as discriminatory and against the larger interests of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310569", "title": "\u2018People\u2019s movement key to saving open spaces\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens' participation is crucial to saving public spaces of the city- this was the dominant argument put forth by panelists debating reclaiming Mumbai's open spaces organized on the sidelines of the Open Mumbai exhibition. Beyond state participation, \"people's movement\" is imperative if any change is to be made in saving the fast-depleting open spaces.\"For long we have suffered from the bureaucratic hierarchy existing in the city, delaying the motive of saving public spaces. There is a need for a public body which would specifically look into saving spaces. The CM and his team of bureaucrats have shown interest in our plan. But many such promises have been made and for this to be fulfilled effective citizens' participation is required,\" said P K Das, organizer of the exhibition. Das also launched his book co-authored with Indra Munshi, On The Waterfront, which documents their experience of saving the waterfronts of Bandra.Gerson da Cunha, convener, AGNI, lamented the sorry state of the city and felt the need for a fifth estate---citizens' groups. \"I feel this is my city. I have been born and raised in this city and my family has been living here for generations. It is a lie when authorities say that migration is responsible for the current state of affairs. Poor governance is at the root of all our problems. It is time that we have a fifth estate where people come together for the salvation of the city.\"The third development plan for the city, which is underway, was also debated by the other panelists-academician Mariam Dossal, UDRI director Pankaj Joshi and Indra Munshi. \"Open spaces determine the quality of our life. P K Das and Indra Munshi have drawn up a people's plan to develop the open spaces,\" said Dossal. The BMC's secret manner of functioning also invited criticism from the panelists and the audience.The exhibition aims to create awareness of \"non-barricaded, non-exclusive\" public spaces and uses the examples of the Bandra Bandstand promenade and Bombay Port Trust garden in Colaba as models of successful execution of this policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310464", "title": "4-yr-old\u2019s testimony sends father to jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fast-track court in Delhi convicted a man of his wife's murder based on the testimony of his four-and-a-half year-old son. Ashok Paswan (43) will spend the rest of his life in jail for strangling his wife on September 15 last year at his Aya Nagar residence in south Delhi. The murder was triggered by the victim's refusal to have sexual intercourse with him.Paswan's son, the sole witness to the incident, provided his evidence before the judge in an in-camera hearing. According to the police, the child did not waver during the entire court proceeding. \"We had 21 witnesses, including a neighbour,but the court was convinced by the child's statements,'' said the investigating officer.Last year, Fatehpur Beri police got information about the murder of victim, Bhuli Devi. It was revealed that Ashok would often beat up his wife as he doubted her of having an extra-marital affair. On the day of the incident also, Ashok had severely beaten up Bhuli. After the crime, Ashok fled the spot and became a prime suspect, said police.A team, led by SHO Anil Sharma, found that Ashok had attacked Bhuli with a stone when she refused to have sexual intercourse with him. Ashok had repeatedly pressurized her but Bhuli did not relent, and was finally strangulated by Ashok. Ashok is a native of Bihar and lived with his wife and five children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12311435", "title": "Murder probe gets political in Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: The controversy over the murder of IUML activist Abdul Shukkoor at Ariyil on February 20 has given an opportunity for UDF to snipe at CPM.A UDF delegation under Peravoor MLA and district UDF chairman Sunny Joseph, DCC president P K Vijayaraghvan, IUML district president V K Abdul Khader Maulavi visited Pattuvam to evaluate the situation.\"What the UDF demands is to bring the killers of Shukkoor to the book. When we make that demand, the CPM expresses a kind of intolerance, which indicates the role of some of its leaders in the murder,\" said Sunny Joseph while addressing a press conference here on Saturday.The UDF leaders want the cops to probe the murder case in a more scientific way as cellphones of many people were used to plan and execute the murder.As per the account of P Sakaria, who was hurt in the attack, the entire plot was hatched over cellphone.Citing eyewitness accounts, the UDF leaders said Shukkoor had called two CPM leaders Venu and Babu and pleaded with them to save his life, but they didn't help him.\"To unravel the entire plot behind the murder, a thorough scientific investigation is needed, including the call details of the CPM leaders,\" said Sunny Joseph.But the CPM, which is struggling hard to defend itself, denied any role and said the FIR filed by Kannapuram police has no such mention.Meanwhile, IUML district president V K Abdul Khader Maulavi said the party district committee has collected nearly Rs 30 lakh, which would be given to the family of Shukkoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312456", "title": "Italian ship gets \u2018nod\u2019 to leave even as HC summons capt", "text": "CHENNAI: Italian vessel Enrica Lexie, berthed at Kochi ever since two marines on board shot dead two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast last month, may leave for Italy soon. Sources told TOI that the shipping director general has given the vessel permission to go, triggering fears that it could affect the case against the marines as vital evidences on board may be lost.\"The letter permitting the release of the vessel was issued a few days ago and it is likely to move out of Kochi on Wednesday or Thursday,\" a DG shipping official said. He said the probe report would be completed in a few weeks as the marines have not been interrogated yet. He said, \"The DG shipping's mercantile marine department has not touched the log books on board, which would have been a source of critical information about the vessel's position when the shooting happened.\"The ship has been allowed to leave even as the Kerala high court on Saturday issued notices to the Centre, the state, Enrica Lexie captain Umberto Vitelli and the two marines to be present before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata/mumbai", "code": "12310285", "title": "CPM ex-MP held for Nandigram killings", "text": "KOLKATA/MUMBAI: Former CPM MP and Haldia strongman Lakhsman Seth was arrested from a guesthouse in Chembur, Mumbai, early on Saturday. State investigating agency CID picked up Seth and his two comrades, former MLA Amiya Sahoo and CPM district leader Ashok Guria, in connection with the alleged killings of six anti-land acquisition activists who went missing during CPM's operation to \"recapture\" Nandigram in November 2007.Seth and the other accused were on the run since December 2011 till the police found them asleep in their rooms at a guesthouse belonging to a Hyderabad-based infrastructure company with presence in Haldia and Kharagpur. According to CID sources, the trio had been shifting from Tripura to Delhi, Hyderabad, Orissa and finally Mumbai. The CID team identified their Mumbai hideout with the help of Chembur police and picked up all three at around 2am.Cops suspect Seth is the brain behind the armed operation in Nandigram while his comrades in CPM's East Midnapore unit had arranged logistics for the recapture. Some of them had even led the operation from the front. On Saturday, the police produced Seth, Sahoo and Guria before the additional chief judicial magistrate's court in Kurla. The court granted transit remand of all three till March 22.According to the Bhumi Uchhed Protirodh Committee - the Trinamool Congress-led anti-land acquisition outfit in Nandigram -armed CPM cadres stormed into Nandigram on November 6, 2007. Four days later, they attacked a BUPC rally near Maheshpur and allegedly abducted six of its activists. The BUPC suspected that Balaram Singha, Bhagirath Maiti, Satyendra Gole, Aditya Kumar Bera, Narayan Das and Subal Maji were killed by the CPM cadres.A case was registered at Nandigram police station during the Left Front regime but the CID could make little progress. With the change of guard in the state, the family members of the six missing persons filed a habeas corpus petition in Calcutta high court in September 2011. Acting on the petition, the high court instructed the CID to probe the case and submit a report. In its preliminary report, the CID held that all the six persons were murdered and their bodies dumped in Haldi river. On January 30, 2011, the CID filed a chargesheet naming 88 persons including Lakshman Seth. CPM leaders Ashok Guria, Ashok Bera, Himangshu Das, Bijoy Ray, Amiya Sahoo, Prajapati Das, Rabiul Hussain, Sambhu Maiti, Satyaranjan Makar, Sk Rabiul were also named in the CID chargesheet.Getting a whiff of what was in store, Seth and his colleagues went underground. The former Tamluk MP didn't show up at CPM's East Midnapore district conference and was dropped from the CPM state committee.Based on the statements of 138 witnesses present at the BUPC rally on November 2007, investigating officers first rounded up Ajit Bar from Katka village of Khejuri. The CID claimed Bar owns a mechanized boat and he took the six corpses deep into the sea near Digha and dumped them on the night of November 10.Bar's interrogation led the police to an ambulance owned by an NGO run by CPM leader Himangsu Das, then president of Khejuri II panchayat samity and zonal secretary of the party. Cops picked up Shaktipada Dalapati, the driver of the ambulance, who admitted transporting the bodies.The probe also revealed that Lakshman Seth and other CPM leaders influenced the administration not to prevent the entry of armed CPM cadres to Nandigram from across the Talpati canal. Interestingly, the police picket was withdrawn from Tekhali - considered the border post between Khejuri and Nandigram. Khejuri was then a CPM bastion while Nandigram was dominated by the BUPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310631", "title": "Carpenter regains grip after rare surgery", "text": "HYDERABAD: A carpenter's long toe has begun functioning as a thumb after doctors at a city-based private hospital performed a rare transplant to replace the missing vital digit.Shyamsundar, 26, a carpenter from Karimnagar district, lost the thumb on his right hand last year in September while working on a wood-cutting machine in Dubai. The initial treatment was done by doctors at a Dubai hospital who amputated the critically-damaged thumb and advised Shyamsundar to go in for the thumb reconstruction surgery that would restore mobility to his hand.Shyamsundar, however, decided to fly back to India instead whereupon he approached Secunderabad's Yashoda Hospital where a six-hour surgery was performed on him by a team of doctors on November 4.\"After the accident, I could not grip anything with my right hand. I thought it had put an end to my career. But, after the surgery, I am able to write, eat and hold things,\" Shyamsundar said at a news conference on Saturday. And, although his foot - missing a toe following the transplant - might ache, he said that the thumb was more important to him. Shyamsundar is now set to return to Dubai, where he has been working for the last four years, given that he has regained much of the use of his right hand. \"I will request the company to place me in the administrative wing until I recover completely,\" he said. Surgeons said that while losing a toe has little effect on a person's ability to walk or run, loss of a thumb nearly incapacitates hand functionality. Doctors said that Shyamsundar will regain full use of his hand in about three months. \"This new thumb now has movement and will have sensation and nail growth in a few weeks,\" said Dr K Murali Mohan Reddy, the hand and reconstructive micro-surgeon who led the surgery.\"About six weeks after the surgery, Shyamsundar gained functional recovery,\" said Dr Reddy who performed the operation along with plastic surgeon Dr T Shashikanth. He added that although such injuries were common among carpenters and workers at hardware factories, few were aware of this reconstructive surgery.This procedure was first performed at Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences ( Nims) in 1990. However, due to poor awareness, such surgeries are rarely performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12320348", "title": "Tight leash on matric exams", "text": "CUTTACK: As a last-ditch effort to stop malpractices during the matriculation examination, the Board of Secondary Education has, for the first time, decided to initiate disciplinary actions against centre superintendents and invigilators if students of their centres are found cheating. The examination starts on Monday.As many as 5,11,443 students will appear in the matriculation exam at 2,362 examination centres. The board has formed 95 flying squads, who will keep a hawk's eye on the centres, and will be directly monitored by the control rooms opened in the five zones-Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Berhampur, Sambalpur and Balasore.\"Checking malpractices during the matriculation exam is our top priority. We hope disciplinary action against centre heads will help curb cheating to a great extent,\" asserted board's president Satyakam Mishra. Last year, over 7,000 students were booked for malpractice.Earlier, the board used to follow a three-tier squad system to keep tab on the examination centres: Squads at the headmaster level comprising teachers of the school, squads at circle inspector level and squads at the zonal level. This year board the has been banking more upon flying squads, he explained.\"We have increased the number of flying squads from 80 last year to 95 this time. Experienced, reliable, honest and efficient teachers will be part of flying squads,\" added Mishra. In total the board has formed 114 squads, out of which 19 has been deployed at the circle inspector level.Directions have been issued to the district administration to prevent outsiders from gathering around exam centres, especially at the sensitive ones. Out of 2,362 examination centres, 410 has been identified sensitive. Similarly, special instructions have been given to centre superintendents for carrying out stiff frisking of examinees.Board officials have requested the SPs of Maoist-hit districts to take appropriate measures to ensure peaceful examination in these areas. \"We have requested police to co-operate with us and avoid any kind of disruption during the examination in Red-hit areas,\" Mishra added.This year, 17 prisoners will also appear for the exam. \"Fourteen jail inmates from Berhampur circle jail, two from Bhubaneswar special jail and one from Puri jail are appearing for the exam this time. Special arrangements have been made by the board for such candidates,\" said N R Mohapatra, secretary of the board. Notably, out of 5.11 lakh examinees, at least 4,56,981 are regular candidates while 54,462 candidates are appearing the exam in ex-regular stream.The examinations will start at 7.30 am and conclude at 10 am. Meanwhile, the students were busy doing their last minute revision. \"I have completed my revision, but still I am very tense and nervous about the exam,\" said Dipty Patra, an examinee. The HSC exam will conclude on March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12311854", "title": "Sankarankoil gears up for election today", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Even as allegations of bribing voters were flying thick and fast, the entire Sankarankoil constituency was brought under a strong security blanket on Saturday.Six companies of Central forces have been deployed to guard 242 polling booths across the constituency where the 2 lakh-odd electorate would exercise their franchise on Sunday. This apart, 12 companies of Tamil Nadu special force personnel have been deployed while a battery of election officials are on their toes patrolling the constituency to prevent any irregularities.Election officials dispatched the electronic voting machines, indelible ink as well as other poll materials to the respective booths through the zonal officials. The segment has been divided into 24 zones. While the election commission has roped in videographers to record the electioneering, the entire polling process will be monitored through web cameras installed in the booths.But for the patrolling policemen, a semblance of normalcy returned to the constituency after cadres and leaders of all the political parties camping in Sankarankoil left the town as per directions of the election commission after the campaigning ended on Friday. Ever since the election was announced, leaders of all political parties including chief minister J Jayalalithaa, DMK leader M Karunanidhi, his sons M K Alagiri and M K Stalin, MDMK leader Vaiko and DMDK leader Vijayakanth visited the segment and canvassed votes for their candidates. While AIADMK sent 32 state ministers for campaign, the DMK had their set of Union ministers and former ministers.Police and election officials had instructed hotels not to accommodate anyone from outside the constituency without producing a no objection certificate from the local police. The only political leader now camping in Sankarankoil is MDMK founder Vaiko, whose native Kalingapatti village falls in the segment.The election code of conduct will be in force till March 21 when the results of the bypoll - where 13 candidates are in fray - would be declared. While TASMAC outlets have been ordered to close till then, police detained one person and seized about 100 liquor bottles from him. Police said that though there were incidents of violence and allegations of distribution of money on the last day of campaigning on Friday, they did not receive any such complaint on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310655", "title": "NCERT books to cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new NCERT textbooks for Classes I to VIII are going to be more expensive by up to 50%. The books for Classes IX to XII will also cost 15% to 20% more from the academic session 2012-13.Sources in the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) have said that to avoid any scarcity, more than 60% of the books will be sent by the end of March and made available to students by the first week of April. According to the council, the demand for textbooks during the 2012-13 session will be around 3.5 crore.According to a senior official at the human resource development ministry, the decision to increase the price has been taken due to rising costs of printing, paper and other logistics. The council had to revise printing charges by around 50% after a gap of 13 years.NCERT is mandated to publish books for the schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and it decides on the print run of the books on the basis of the enrolment data.According to the National Curriculum Framework 2005, it was decided to keep the prices of the books for Classes I to VIII under Rs 30. The last increase in the price of textbooks took place in 2002.The council has increased the price to a maximum of Rs 45 per book for Classes I to VIII. For higher classes, the average price rise has been 15% to 20%. For example, the Hindi textbook (Kshitij) for Class IX will now cost Rs 40, up by Rs 5, and the biology textbook for Class XII Rs 140, up by Rs 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi/ hyderabad", "code": "12310594", "title": "Congress Rajya Sabha list only after byelections", "text": "NEW DELHI/ HYDERABAD: While the Congress high command announced its candidates for the Rajya Sabha elections in other states, it has decided to put on hold the same for the four seats in AP until the bypolls for the seven assembly seats end on Sunday evening.According to sources, the party fears that an early announcement would have an impact on the polling pattern in the bypolls where Congress is already facing rough weather in the T region . The list will be released by Sunday evening, the sources added.Congress president Sonia Gandhi , in the past two days, had meetings with CM Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana to seek their views on the selection. Both the CM and PCC president said the selection of the candidates was left to the wisdom of the party president.Congress sources said the erstwhile PRP president Chiranjeeviwas assured of an RS seat.According to information available, Kiran and Botsa are said to have agreed to the high command's suggestion to accommodate party nominees from outside the state. The names doing the rounds are that of AICC general secretary Ahmad Shakeel ( Bihar ), ex-Union minister Jaffer Sheriff (Karnataka) and Rashid Alvi (from UP). A new addition from the state is R Raghu Reddy, son of former Warangal MP R Surender Reddy. Meanwhile, pressure is mounting on the party high command for the re-nomination of the sitting member K Keshava Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310712", "title": "Bank curbs likely on visa seekers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has asked banks not to give short-term loans to visa applicants, especially those seeking immigration, to help them create artificially inflated bank assets on paper and an easy passage abroad.Suspecting gross misuse of banks to show inflated assets for visa applicants, the advisory was recently issued by the finance ministry on the advice of the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC), sources said.The Department of Financial Services (DFS) issued the advisory based on the recommendations of the CVC that unearthed the innovative fraud to show inflated assets for aspiring immigrants.Sources said that the CVC found instances of several visa applicants - largely those bound for Canada and Australia - having exaggerated fixed deposit receipts (FDRs) overnight. Investigation revealed that these FDRs were issued at the instances of travel agents, who provided the margin money to banks.The inflated bank balance for visa applicants was created in collusion between bank officials and travel agents. Travel agents provided margin money and stood guarantor for banks to provide loans to the visa applicants. Later, the loans were converted into FDRs in the visa applicants' names and furnished in embassies and high commissions as bank balance of would-be immigrants.The modus operandi suggests that once the exaggerated bank deposits were shown as evidence, the FDRs were dissolved and loans returned to banks. \"Basically it is a sham to defraud foreign missions,\" a senior official said.CVC sources said they were awaiting more evidence before conducting a thorough probe or entrusting the CBI with the investigation. However, there are \"enough inputs\" about the growing racket. Initial inputs were about certain branches of State Bank of Patiala and State Bank of India that are based in Punjab, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12311860", "title": "DMK MP in the dock over kidnapping case", "text": "MADURAI: After the shootout on a Kerala man and the arrest of Madurai-based rowdy Varichiyur Selvam in connection with the kidnap of a DMK union secretary in Ramanathapuram, police have now tightened their screws on DMK MP J K Ritheesh. Since Ritheesh failed to respond to a police summons and efforts to contact him over phone proved futile, police raided his house on Friday evening and other places associated with the MP.Police suspect Ritheesh might have played a role in the kidnap of V K Kathiravan, DMK union secretary from Bogalur, as Selvam had allegedly confessed this to the police. Even before the shootout, the police had summoned Ritheesh on February 26 to the SP's office in Madurai to grill him as the kidnapped DMK functionary, in his complaint had charged that it was Ritheesh's men who kidnapped him. Ritheesh had denied the charges during the probe and said he was being dragged into the case with ulterior motives. Kathiravan had alleged that he was released by the gang after he contacted the personal assistant of Ritheesh and sought his release. He also charged that Ritheesh himself called the gang and instructed them to release him.Madurai SP Asra Garg said a summons was issued to Ritheesh four days ago, but he failed to appear for the inquiry. \"The police are planning to move court for the police custody of Varichiyur Selvam. The role of the MP will be ascertained during the inquiry,\" another senior police official said.Kathiravan was released by the gang and based on his inputs, police zeroed in on the accused. Special teams were formed to nab them at a lodge in Dindigul last Monday. When the police tried to raid the rooms where the suspects were staying, the gang attacked the police. Police opened fire and Joseph Sinoj from Kochi, an accomplice of Varichiyur Selvam, was shot dead. Police arrested Varichiyur Selvam and his accomplices Ajith and Vargheese from Kerala while Anees alias Biju managed to escape.Meanwhile, Ritheesh had a few days back filed an anticipatory bail petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. The anticipatory bail petition is pending before the court. It was in this backdrop that 20 places, including the house of Ritheesh, were raided in Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12320053", "title": "Vendors pose problems for commuters", "text": "GUWAHATI: Commuters and travelers are finding it difficult to pass through Fancy Bazaar as the vendors have blocked the roads with their stalls. Though eviction drives are being conducted in the busiest roads in Fancy Bazaar since the end of last year, vendors have been able to seal the places where they were doing business.In Fancy Bazar's MM Road, it is becoming difficult for commuters to pass through as the fruit sellers and pan shop vendors are running business on the road.\"Over 50 vendors are running business in MM Road, which has become too congested for commuters to travel. The Guwahati Municipal Corporation and district administration need to look into the matter seriously as there is total chaos on the roads,\" said Santosh Nath, a hotel employee in Fancy Bazar.\"We do not know why the administration and municipal corporation do not deploy officials to resist fresh encroachments after completing the eviction drive. Some of the traders reoccupy the space after a day or so of getting evicted,\" he said. The GMC had carried out an eviction drive on SS Road, HB Road and SRCB Road in December but the vendors have reoccupied roads again.GMC collector Deba Kumar Mishra said the civic body will not tolerate unauthorized stalls on roadsides causing problem for the commuters. \"We will carry out eviction drives in those areas again where vendors have reoccupied the space after being evicted,\" Mishra said.Though the GMC was about to bring in authorized vending zones in the city, a top official of the GMC has informed that the idea is yet to become a reality. He said there is no such law which can send illegal vendors behind the bars. \"There is no other option but to conduct the eviction drive again,\" the official said.\"The vending zones will certainly help in rehabilitating roadside vendors in areas like Fancy Bazar, where roadside stalls have been present for decades now,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311189", "title": "Cops hail student\u2019s help in solving case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Investigating officers, who solved the Arya murder case, admit they couldn't have solved the case without the help of a class 10 student.The inquisitive nature of the boy helped the police nab the culprit.Thiruvananthapuram (Rural) SP A J Thomaskutty after attending a felicitation ceremony organized by the DGP, told TOI that it was the son of a KSRTC conductor who noticed the old registration number of the auto that belonged to the culprit Rajesh. The auto was parked outside Arya's home.While Rajesh was strangling Arya, the boy and his parents had walked past her house. The boy, who has a passion for motor vehicles, was curious when he saw the registration number of the vehicle.It was an old number and such vehicles are very hard to locate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311750", "title": "Experts discuss adolescents issue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A two-day national seminar on Adolescents dilemmas: A challenge organized by the department of education under its special assistance programme (UGC) concluded on Saturday at Panjab University (PU).A panel discussion held on the second day dealt with the role of parents, society, administrators and counsellors in dealing with academic and career issues of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12318203", "title": "New frog species discovered in New York city", "text": "NEW YORK: A new species of frog has been discovered in the bustling city of New York amid the skyscrapers and subways, which scientists say is \"nothing short of amazing.\"\"The species is completely distinct,\" said Leslie Rissler, programme director with the National Science Foundation.The newly-identified animal is among more than a dozen distinct leopard frog species.While it is fairly common to find new species of animals in the remote wildness or in rain forests, to discover one in marshes and ponds within an urban area such as New York is nothing short of amazing, Rissler, who is part of the team of scientists that found the species, was quoted as saying by CNN.The new species of frog was found within view of the Statue of Liberty. The researchers say the center of its range is Yankee Stadium in the Bronx.Researchers used DNA testing to find this so-called cryptic species, which is one species hidden within another.Researchers basically stumbled across the new frog, Rissler said, adding the discovery is \"extremely rare.\"Scientist Jeremy Feinberg at Rutgers University first noticed the new amphibian sounded different from the northern and southern leopard frogs and that it had \"weird-sounding calls.\" Feinberg said the frog had a \"peculiar croak.\"It didn't have the \"long snore\" or \"rapid chuckle\" other leopard frogs have. The new frog had a \"short, repetitive croak.\"Feinberg says he knew from the get-go there was something odd about the frog. \"When I first heard these frogs calling, it was so different, I knew something was very off.\"And the DNA analysis proved him right. The species is so new it doesn't even have a name yet. And Rissler said there won't be any naming contests for this new amphibian, either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312837", "title": "Cong re-nominates Vilasrao Deshmukh, Rajeev Shukla, Singhvi for RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Saturday re-nominated Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajeev Shukla for the Rajya Sabha biennial election along with party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.While Deshmukh and Shukla have been re-nominated from Maharashtra, Singhvi is being sent again to the Upper House from Rajasthan. The party has repeated Narendra Budania from Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310686", "title": "Cyber spat lands 19-year-old in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Updating his status message on a social networking site proved dangerous for a Dombivli youth, his father and brother, with four of the teenager's friends beating up the trio over it. The four accused have been arrested for attempt to murder.The victim, Lokesh Pawse (19), is critically injured and is fighting for his life in a private hospital. His father and brother are being treated for their injuries.The incident took place in Kopar area where Lokesh and the main accused, Sachin Patil (18), live. According to the police, Lokesh, who is a first-year diploma in engineering student at Bhiwpuri College, posted an update on his Facebook profile stating that he was going to the hostel for further studies. In reply, Sachin posted some nasty comments on his account, which led to an argument between the two. Sachin threatened to teach Lokesh a lesson, but Lokesh took the threat lightly.According to the statement of Lokesh's elder brother, on Thursday night, Sachin and his three friends, Pawar, Pratik Vichare and Bhavesh Patil, came to their residence and assaulted Lokesh with cricket stumps. When Lokesh's father and brother tried to intervene, the four allegedly beat them up too.\"Due to the seriousness of the offence, we have booked the four accused under the stringent Section 307 (attempt to murder), as the accused badly beat up Lokesh and the others,\" said Arun Sonawane, senior police inspector, Vishnu Nagar police station. On Friday, the accused were produced in a Kalyan court. They have been remanded in police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12311286", "title": "KMRL completes inspection of metro station sites", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi metro rail limited (KMRL) has completed inspection of 23 proposed stations of the Kochi Metro rail project. This includes the 11 stations inspected early this week.On the second day of inspection, a team of metro officials led by KMRL managing director started inspection from Pettah. From there the team proceeded to places like Thykkoodam, Elamkulam, GCDA, South Railway Station, Maharaja's College Ground, Madhava Pharmacy Junction, Lissy Junction, Kaloor, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , Palarivattom, Edappilly and High School station.KMRL superintending engineer S Chandrababu has been directed to submit a report to the managing director after the inspections.\"After getting the report from the SE and the feasibility study report from School of Management Studies, we will take a final call on the number and location of stations. We are bound to ensure hassle-free and convenient commutation to passengers who would be using the metro,\" said Tom Jose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310837", "title": "BMC clerk\u2019 death a suicide: Government Railway Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Government Railway Police (GRP) officers probing the death of a BMC clerk on the tracks at Borivli have concluded that he committed suicide. Amrut Wagh (51), the deceased, was crushed by a down local early Friday near platform 2.GRP officers wrote to WR to identify the motorman whose train had mowed down Wagh, as he was the only witness. \"The motorman came down on Saturday and revealed that Wagh had been lying down on the tracks and would not move despite incessant honking,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12311479", "title": "\u2018State to have surplus power by 2015-16\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Bihar energy minister Vijendra Prasad Yadav on Saturday informed the state legislative assembly the state would supply 4,000MW power to other states by 2015-16 as it would have 8,200MW by then. He was replying to a debate on a cut motion on the energy department's budgetary demand of over Rs 4,261 crore for 2012-13.The cut motion, initiated by Jitendra Rai (RJD), was later defeated amid walkout by RJD members. The minister said the power scenario remained grim in the state for years because successive governments since 1977 did not make any move to bring in investments in power sector. The Centre allocates just 1,772MW to the state against the requirement of 2,500MW.But the state actually gets only 800-900MW. He said the Barauni thermal power station was set up with the capacity to generate 110MW in 1960s. Such a low-capacity unit was not set up anywhere in the country and, as such, the state faced difficulty in getting spares for its renovation work. Now BHEL has agreed to do the renovation work during the next fiscal year.He said work on the Nabinagar thermal power station project is on. It will generate 2,000MW by 2015-16. Further, two units of 600MW each will be set up in Motihari and Darbhanga. The Barh thermal power station will become operational by 2013, Yadavsaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312227", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation asks defaulters to pay tax by Mar 28 to avoid auction", "text": "INDORE: After releasing the list of property tax defaulters, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to auction the identified 110 properties on March 28. Few days back IMC had released a list of properties on which taxes were due and the owners were asked to pay up taxes.However, none of the defaulters have obliged. Irked by their lack of concern, the corporation had issued notices asking them to pay up the dues within the next three days else be prepared to let the property go under auction.Revenue in-charge of IMC, Chandu Shinde told TOI, \"We expected the defaulters to cooperate but they haven't come forward yet. If they do not pay up their dues in the next three days then the properties would be taken up for auction\".The corporation had identified 19 properties and set a date for auction last fortnight but the auction were called off after the defaulters paid up the dues prior to the auction process.IMC is struggling to meet its revenue target and now it is taking desperate measure to fill its coffers. Against the projected target of revenue collection for the year, the corporation has managed to collect only Rs 190 crore. IMC sources said that about 44000 people who had paid their dues during the last year have not paid up their taxes this year.IMC officials believe that poor follow by zonal offices is the primary reason for such a low compliance of property tax.Meanwhile, IMC is going to hold camps in four zones to waive the surcharge for slums. Camps started from Saturday from zone 1. In coming day's camps will be held in zone 3, 4 and 8. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe has appealed the citizens to make use of the occasion and pay up their dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312160", "title": "Leuva Samaj planning to set up medical centres across country", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's not just a medical institution that Charotar Moti Sattavis Leuva Patidar Samaj - Matrusanstha (CMSLPS) has pledged in Nadiad, but it is also planning to open medical centers across the country. While appealing to the 25,000 Leuva Patel families from 99 villages in Nadiad and Anand districts, the organization's president Nagin Patel claimed that it was time that the community looked beyond the states borders and addressed larger issues that affect various communities.The CMSLPS has already mobilized a massive Rs 25 crore in just five hours from the NRGs on Saturday. The money will be used to fund a Rs 250 crore multi-specialty hospital for the poor in Changa.The CMSLPS plans dispensaries, blood banks, health centers, a major health care centre and pathological laboratories in poorer districts of the country. The activities will be undertaken under the aegis of the Charusat Health and Research Foundation. \"A lot of our community members' contribution can be seen in the state. It's about time that we made our presence felt in the country. We would be organizing special seminars and donation drives among our community members for this effort,\" said Patel.The special 'Dhan-Bhaskar' event also saw the felicitation of five major donors of the Charotar University, which included Dubai-based P D Patel from Kheda, who had donated Rs 8 cr for the applied sciences center, and NRG Chandubhai Patel of Samna village who had donated one-million dollar for the pharmaceutical institute. Apart from this, Pankaj Patel of Zydus group was felicitated for donating Rs 3 crore for a business school and M I Patel from Mumbai for donating Rs 4 crore towards the MCA department. and late Indu Patel (Ipcowala) for donating Rs 2 crore towards meeting the establishment cost of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310545", "title": "AIIMS promotion: PMO seeks details", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) promoting 39 faculty members, who were declared unfit by the institute's selection committee, has reached the Prime Minister's office. The PMO has sought a detailed reply from the health ministry on the decision taken by the AIIMS governing body - an 11-member panel of doctors, health administrators and politicians. TOI has a copy of the letter dated February 17 written by the health ministry, seeking the related information from AIIMS to be forwarded to the PMO.AIIMS director Dr R C Deka said he would not like to comment publicly on the issue.Earlier, several faculty members of the top medical institute had threatened to quit, claiming that the move undermined the sanctity of the selection process and merit as criteria. The promotions were at the level of additional and associate professors of various departments at AIIMS.AIIMS officials said that the Standing Selection Committee (SSC), which has a panel of top doctors and scientists, had in November-December 2010 evaluated the professional achievements of the institute's faculty and recommended 212 of them for promotions and certified 39 as unfit for promotion. When the latter protested, the health ministry directed the SSC to review the candidature of those denied promotion and reiterated its earlier decision. The committee met again on January 6 this year and reiterated its earlier decision.\"The committee perused and carefully looked into the note prepared by the faculty cell, AIIMS, including the representations submitted by 36 out of the 39 faculty members, who were not found fit in interviews held for up-gradation under the APS to their respective higher grades. There was universal agreement in deciding the fitness for promotion of 212 candidates. There was universal agreement in deciding unfitness of 25 candidates. The majority members agreed about unfitness of four candidates. About 10 candidates, only one member disagreed about the unfitness,\" the SSC wrote.It also stated that the process has been fair. Cardiologist Dr K K Talwar, the chairperson of the Medical Council of India; Dr Ramakant Panda, eminent cardiologist; scientist Dr M K Bhan; and AIIMS director Dr R C Deka were part of the SSC that was chaired by Dr R A Badwe.However, the governing body in its meeting held on January 16 yet again decided to promote \"in principle\" all the 39 faculty members, overturning the decisions by the selection committee. This body is headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad; BJP leader Sushma Swaraj is a member of the decision-making body. Both supported the move, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311393", "title": "Two brothers killed in separate mishaps", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a tragic Saturday for four persons, including two brothers, who were killed in separate accidents in the city.Parijit Sharma (26), who worked in a company at Delhi, came to Jaipur late on Friday night. His brother Nitesh Sharma (23) had gone to receive him. Later, when both the brothers were going to their house in Kanota, they were hit by an unidentified car at Ghat Ki Guni in Transport Nagar area, police said.Though Nitesh was wearing a helmet still he sustained grave injuries. Both were rushed to the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital by the locals. \"Both succumbed to their injuries at 1.55 am on Saturday,\" said an officer with the accident police station (east).Parijit Sharma had been married just one and a half years ago and has a four-month-old daughter.According to police, one of the brothers was conscious after the accident and had called up the ambulance.In another accident, a police constable identified as Gagal Singh (45), who worked at the Moti Dungari police station, was killed after being hit by an unidentified vehicle, police said. He was thrown off his bike in the collision.\"He was on night patrolling and was going on his motorbike to join his duty at 11 pm late on Friday night when the incident occurred. After the accident, some vendors took him to the SMS hospital. And at 2 am on Saturday he succumbed in the hospital,\" said an officer.Later, senior police officers rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation.The third accident took place in the Sitabari area at Tonk Road in which a B.Com first year student was killed while crossing the road. \"He was hit by an unidentified vehicle and succumbed on the spot,\" said an officer.Police added the deceased Govind Sanwaria (22), a resident of Pratap Nagar, was going to his college to appear for his B.com first year exam on Saturday morning.Though many people shouted when the vehicle sped away after hitting the youth, none of them could manage to jot down its number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311858", "title": "Goan art renaissance", "text": "All through the 20th century, Goa produced many of the most important and influential artists of the subcontinent, but every single one was forced to leave to seek opportunities elsewhere.We know the Goa government has always ignored its own best cultural talent. But potential art patrons - the economic elites of Goa - have also never displayed the sophistication required to recognize the art geniuses of their time. Generation after generation, our best artists such as Trindade, Fonseca, Chimulkar, Pai, Souza and Gaitonde have all been forced to seek their fortunes abroad.The case of the latter pair of Goans - lifelong friends and arguably the two most important modernists in Indian art history - is particularly stark when seen from their homeland. They both struggled to make a living right to the end. And both felt abandoned and neglected by their own people. It is an inconvenient truth that just ten years ago, any one of our richer citizens could have bought up scores of masterworks from either Souza or Gaitonde for the same price as just one imported car. But none of them ever did.We're still not much better in 2012, as we see history repeat itself at two impressive group exhibitions underway in Panjim. Together, they demonstrate a new generation of artists in Goa is steadily becoming a formidable cultural force, despite being overlooked by society. Those looking for the next Souza or Gaitonde could find him in the ongoing group exhibitions at Gallery Gitanjali (Fontainhas) and Ruchika's Gallery (Miramar).Ruchika's Gallery is the most impressive modern art space in Goa. While programming remains intermittent through the year, its management hosts large annual exhibitions that have quickly become the best way to see works by a large number of Goa-based artists. Over time, the quality has improved. 'Carnival of Colours 2012' is unexpectedly, consistently outstanding. While young artists have contributed some of their best work - notably Sachin Naik's immense woodcuts - it is the senior artists who really impress.Theodore Mariano Mesquita's 'Tempus Fugit' is the work of an image-maker of the highest capability. Similarly, Hanuman Kambli's untitled contribution showcases the senior artist at his very best. Francis D'Souza's abstract landscapes were a revelation. I rate them alongside the best Indian abstract painters work: Antonio e Costa, even the all-time-great Ram Kumar. But the gold medal surely goes to Sadguru Chendvankar, for the clear-eyed, rigorous 'The Beginning Foot'. It, and many other paintings in this exhibition, should be secured by the state for the benefit for future generations of artists.These very future generations dominate the exuberant curatorial debut by Miriam Koshy Sukhijia at Gitanjali Gallery. 'WYSIWYG' is an irresistible, obviously sincere collective effort by many of the participating artists to experiment, to take risks and push personal artistic boundaries. The ethic extends to the great Vamona Navelcar. Known for his elegant line, for epitomizing gentility, the seniormost contributor has rendered a grotesque skull-bedecked 'Ogre', a painting that immediately recalls Angelo da Fonseca's 'Apocalypse' (a likewise searing vision painted after a lifetime of making serene images).Praveen Naik's 'Whatever You Desire May it Be Fulfilled' is a highly memorable mythological future deity sculpted from papier-mache, thermocol, plastic and wood. It's also impossible not to like Norman Tagore's cheeky Thanda Matlab...(After Wei-Wei), a traditional mud water vessel with the Coca-Cola logo stenciled on the side. Andy Warhol would have smiled at this Ganvti Pop Art.Sitting discreetly on a table at the Gitanjali gallery is the best single work across both exhibitions. 'Ways of Seeing' is an exquisite, intimately personal artwork by Rajeshree Thakker. A little box shaped like a cupboard, it keeps unfolding to reveal hidden wonders. It is an apt metaphor for art in Goa in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12310387", "title": "Harish Rawat\u2019s supporters hold protest march", "text": "DEHRADUN: Congressmen owing allegiance to former Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat took out a candle march here on Friday to express their support for the beleaguered leader.Congress spokesman Surendra Kumar said that during an hour-long meeting Rawat loyalists decided to urge the Central leadership to reconsider its decision to appoint Vijay Bahuguna as the CM of Uttarakhand. Protem speaker Shailendra Mohan Singhal said that Bahuguna will take up a confidence motion in the assembly on March 29 to prove his majority.Senior congress leader Rajiv Jain said that the protest was against the shabby treatment meted out to Rawat 'who is the sole Congress leader of masses in Uttarakhand'.A senior Congress leader told TOI that efforts are on to resolve the crisis arising out of the resignation of Rawat. A Congress source said that CM Bahuguna, who flew to New Delhi on Friday, will meet the central leadership and Rawat in a bid to resolve the crisis.Singhal and principal secretary to Uttarakhand assembly D P Gairola told reporters on Saturday that hectic preparations are underway for a vote-on-account in the assembly session commencing on March 27. There would also be an election for the speaker of the House.Singhal said Bahuguna has nominated Congress MLA from Gangotri Vijay Pal Sajwan as chief whip in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "12310351", "title": "Infant burnt alive in fire", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: An 18-month-old tribal boy was charred to death and around 12 huts gutted in a fire mishap that broke out on Saturday at Gyrammapeta village Gantyada mandal in the district.The blaze lasted for nearly an hour. According to sources, the mother of the child, Sannamma, resident of Kothavalasa village of Pachipenta mandal, came to her parents home at Gyrammapeta few days ago.On Saturday morning, Sannamma along with her parents went for their daily wage works at Gyrammapeta village leaving her 18-month baby boy in the hut. Suddenly, a fire broke out in a hut at the tribal hamlet and soon engulfed the one in which the boy was asleep.Fire engines from Gajapathinagaram rushed to the spot and after arduous efforts of the fire service personnel, the situation was brought under control.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12311278", "title": "Activist projects plight of women facing debt-ridden farm suicides in Punjab", "text": "SANGRUR: The debt-ridden farm suicides in Punjab might be projected as disturbing trend pointing towards further aggravating agrarian scene at the place more known as birth of green revolution in India, but till now not much has been written about the pitfalls of farm suicides on the familial front. Now a researcher and woman activist has come up with a book about how women had to face the wrath of agrarian crisis in Punjab.Ranjana Padhi has documented the miseries of women facing farm suicides through her book 'Punjab de kheti sankat di kahani -auratan di aapni jubani' (The story of Punjab' agrarian crisis and agony of women' agony). Interestingly, despite her being from Orissa origin, she wanted the book to be translated first in Punjabi and will come out with English version later.Anti-displacement activist Ranjana Padhi, who is actively working for women empowerment since late eighties through various NGOs of Saheli, Kashipur solidarity, has projected the condition of women as precarious after male member takes the extreme step. Padhi has based her assertion on the findings after extensive interactions with 136 families mainly women in Punjab' eight districts of Malwa region, most affected on farmer-farm labourer count.\"During visits to Punjab in 2008-2010, I came across the condition of women belonging to farm labourers' families, where male members committed suicide, was very miserable. The women belonging to somewhat affluent families had to turn to wage labourers as raising children, feeding and educating them turned out to be herculean task for them in the absence of any financial support from any quarters\", said Padhi talking to TOI over phone from Pune, where she is based.Ranjana, who is in late forties works as A technical editor with a firm after MA English is coming up with the English title \"Those who did not die: Impact of peasant suicides in Punjab\".It has been pointed out that debt on farm and farm labourers had been mounting due to expenses on dowry, drug addiction, to cure depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312814", "title": "Sitarist takes GoAir to consumer court", "text": "KOLKATA: Sitar maestro Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan on Saturday filed a complaint at the Consumer Dispute Forum Unit 1 in the city against a private airline under Section 12 of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986. In his complaint, the Padma Shri awardee has alleged that the airline is to blame for deficiency in service, unfair trade practices, negligence, professional incompetence and causing him harassment and mental agony.The matter has been fixed for admission before the Consumer Forum on Monday, said the Ustad's counsel. Through his complaint, the artist has claimed damages from the airline.Through a travel agent in Kolkata, Khan had purchased two e-tickets for himself and his son to travel from Lucknow to Pune by GoAir flight No G8-352 on December 4, 2010. The flight was scheduled to depart at 8.30am. The maestro has claimed in his complaint that he and his son reached the airport well in advance but came to know that the flight had taken off at 6.25am.\"Ustadji called up the GoAir helpdesk, but the customer care executive put him on hold for more than 15 minutes before informing him that the flight had got preponed and departed Lucknow at 6.25am. Nobody responded to his distress calls. Ustadji is respected across the world for his music and it was agonising for him when airline officials denied his legitimate claims of having no knowledge of the preponement,\" his counsel said.The sitarist claims that he sent several e-mails to GoAir. He received only one reply in which it was claimed that he had been informed about the changed schedule by SMS and automated phone call/auto blaster. Khan denies that he received any call or message. He is being represented by advocates Mohan Krishna Ghosh and Soumya Mukherjee.\"Our client has contended that vital information was not brought to his notice. This is evidence enough that there was negligence on part of the airlines. We have also pointed out the timings printed on the e-tickets. The documents claim that the flight would take off from Lucknow at 8.30am, make a stopover at Delhi and land at Pune at 10.20am, which is 1 hour 50 minutes after take-off. In reality, the flight should have taken 1 hour 5 minutes to reach Delhi from Lucknow and a further 2 hours 5 minutes to fly from Delhi to Pune. The total time mentioned should have been at least 3 hours 10 minutes. This goes to show professional incompetency on the part of the airline. Ustadji sent a legal notice dated September 9, 2011, to the airline but there was no response,\" his counsel said.Khan has prayed for directions that will make it necessary for airline companies to wait for a confirmation from passengers before assuming that all of them have come to know of any change in schedule.GoAir officials in Kolkata said they were not aware of the matter. \"We shall react only after we receive directions from the court,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311916", "title": "Tension at Imambada over statue removal", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Hazarewadi in Vakilpeth, under the jurisdiction of Imambada police, turned violent and pelted stones on three MSRTC buses on Saturday morning after NMC removed a statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar that was installed in an open plot a year ago.Protesting the move , the residents pelted stones while the removal process was going on. However, no one was hurt. A few people also stopped three MSRTC buses and pelted stones at them, causing loss of worth Rs 27,000. None of the bus passengers was hurt. The situation was brought under control after Imambada police resorted to mild lathi charge. Imambada police has registered a case against unidentified miscreants.According to the police, the controversy was going on since a year when the residents installed the statue on the plots owned by Vijay Babre and Nityanand Ramteke at Hazarewadi. Babre and Ramteke had bought plots in the area owned by industrial employee housing development cooperative society.The residents claimed that the property was earmarked for religious purposes and Babre and Ramteke had illegally bought it. After a year-long controversy, NMC finally decided to remove the statue on Saturday, causing tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312572", "title": "Chennai corporation's plastic collection up by nearly 400%", "text": "CHENNAI: About 51 tonnes of plastic waste was collected in the 15 zones of the Chennai Corporation on Wednesday last, nearly four times higher than the quantity collected every week, officials claimed. Tondiarpet or Zone 4 topped the list with 7.65 tonnes, followed by Anna Nagar (zone 8) with 6.8 tonnes and Ayanavaram (zone 6) with 5.05 tonnes.A day earlier, commissioner PWC Davidar had decided to set aweekly target of 10 tonnes. Four weeks ago, the civic body launched a massive campaign through mass media and door-to-door visits, appealing to residents to segregate plastic waste. After managing just 14 tonnes of plastic last week and around 12 tonnes the previous two weeks, the corporation was forced to re-think its strategy.\"When some studies showed that the city was dumping 200 tonnes of plastic a day, we couldn't understand why collecting plastic from households once a week was so difficult. So we set a target for each zone,\" said Davidar. Conservancy inspectors who monitor the collection every Wednesday morning were hard pressed to meet the new target but said they didn't mind the pressure.\"It is our job. We were forced to actually sieve through unsegregated garbage to find plastic. It was tough this week, but we hope households help us reach the target,\" said a conservancy inspector in zone 6. \"Our workers even waited at houses where residents didn't give, requesting them to go back and bring whatever they could find in a few minutes.So every house gave us something and increased our count. We are confident of reaching 10 tonnes in another week or two,\" said a conservancy inspector from zone 13. Officials said that though 150 tonnes should have been collected, Wednesday's collection was a positive step. \"We had set the targets only on Tuesday evening, so they may not have had time to prepare, but this has given us hope, that we may be able to avoid buying plastic in future,\" said an official. The civic body, needs 800 tonnes of plastic to relay all city roads, has so far managed just a fraction of the requirement and has been forced to buy plastic from private manufacturers outside the city. \"With manufacturers now quoting as high Rs 23 a kg, just this week has saved us nearly Rs 12 lakh,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12310468", "title": "The Islamic legacy of scientific research", "text": "Intellectual attempts at identifying defining parameters of Islamic culture have proven to be a complex exercise which is often limited to attempts at isolating points of cultural unity among Muslims from different parts of the world. Realisation of the fact that religion alone cannot be considered the defining parameter of identity had led early scholars to attempt evaluation of the legacy of Islam through a division of its cultural canvas on religious and secular grounds. Understandably such academic pursuits proved to be incomplete and were invariably inconclusive leading to the recent trends which encourage the study of Islam as an aspect of the cultures of regions with sizable Muslim populations.The cultural achievements of Muslims cannot be attributed to Arab intellect alone as a bulk of the Islamic ethos was built up on contributions made by old and established cultures brought into the Muslim fold. The rapid spread of Islam in its initial stages gave almost no opportunity for cultural development to keep pace with the requirements of an ever expanding sphere of influence. With no other options available, Islamic culture from its nascent stages developed a tendency to absorb elements of other cultures enabling early emergence of a distinct ethos which it could claim as its own. The resulting cultural canvas was a unique blending of the best elements derived from the individual cultural repertoires of Persia, Mesopotamia, Egypt and Spain.This rapid expansion of the Islamic world within a short span of time also resulted in unprecedented prosperity which in turn provided the catalyst required for intellectual growth. The cosmopolitan spirit of this euphoric period enabled the intelligentsia to capitalize on the new found tolerance which made possible the transference of knowledge on an unprecedented scale. Science and philosophy of ancient Greece and India alike received an enthusiastic reception at Baghdad under the Abbasid dynasty with numerous translations from canonical texts rendered into the Arabic language. This knowledge base along with the teachings of the Quran and numerous original contributions in different spheres formed the basis of Muslim learning which in turn was transmitted over succeeding centuries to Europe precipitating a renaissance in the west.The golden age of Muslim learning (900 - 1100 CE) produced a bulk of the contributions of Muslims, especially in the field of sciences. The renowned Persian physician Al Razi (Rhazes, 10th century) is credited with collating over a hundred Greek treatises on medicine to which he added his own observations. Ibn Sina (Avicenna, 11th century), another Persian scholar, put together a vast canon in which all then known medical knowledge derived from Greek and Muslim sources was systematically organized. This unique compendium, when translated into Latin in the 12th century, provided western practitioners with their only source of ancient Greek medical knowledge.Similar progress was made in all fields of learning with notable advances achieved in the fields of astronomy, chemistry and mathematics for which apart from the Greek traditions of geometry of Euclid, Muslims were indebted to India for providing the primary knowledge of arithmetic and algebra. India also provided the Arabs with a system of simple numeric representation which freed mathematicians from cumbersome Roman notations, giving a boost to rapid developments in this field. Unpretentious Muslim scholars always acknowledged their source of information as is evident in their system of medicine being named Unani (Greek) and their numerals Hindsa (derived from Hind). In comparison the west even today insists on referring to the notations as Arabic numerals.The advancements in astronomy and the introduction of trigonometry are traditionally credited to an Indian influence on Arab learning. The earliest mention of direct interaction is found in the mention of an Indian academic, Kanka, who is said to have been active in intellectual discussions with astrologers of the Caliph Mansur in Baghdad as early as 770 CE. As it is difficult to believe that scientific doctrines could be assimilated at once, especially in alien cultures, it may be concluded that the Indian influence was a constant force over centuries. The interactions therefore seem to have continued uninterrupted first at Baghdad and later at other centres of learning before culminating with the production of Kitab al-Hind, the magnum opus of al-Beruni in 1035 CE which is considered by Prof Irfan Habib as a 'truly seminal moment when a great scientist of the Islamic world decided to spend his enforced exile in the Punjab to learn Sanskrit and offer an accurate and detailed exposition of Indian sciences, philosophy and beliefs.'The Muslims, after a short-lived attempt at reconciliation of rationalism and religion, realized that faith and reason often operated on different levels. Coming at a time when al-Beruni's treatise was gaining popularity among Arab scholars, this paradigm shift bears the mark of a perceptible Indian influence on the Muslim mind.(This is the first part of a two-part series. The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12485507", "title": "Sada on a comeback trail", "text": "Actress Sada is all set to make a comeback to Tollywood after a hiatus of almost three years. The pretty actress is cast in the lead opposite actor Sivaji in a yet-to-be-titled flick. S Srinivasa Reddy is directing the movie produced by babji and Ratnayya. \"I made my debut in Tollywood so I am very pleased to be acting in a straight Telugu movie again. Initially I was in two minds whether to sign the movie as it was a new director. But working with him it doesn't feel like it is his first film. He knows exactly what he is doing and I am confident that the film will turn out to be a big success,\" say Sraddha. Shivaji is playing a movie director in this film touted to be a horror flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12311730", "title": "Mayawati government\u2019s security advisor steps down", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP DGP Karamveer Singh, who was appointed as a security adviser to the state government by the Mayawati government, resigned from his post on Saturday morning. Reports said, his resignation has been accepted by the government in the evening.Karamveer was initially posted as IG CRPF, central sector and promoted to the post of ADG during his central deputation itself. At the time of completion of his central deputation, he was posted as the special director general CRPF.In 2007 this 1977 batch IPS was serving as IG CRPF central sector when the central para military force (CPMF) was deployed in Uttar Pradesh to ensure free and fair elections.The elections passed of peacefully and Mayawati came to power with a clear majority. A no non-sense man who was seen as a thorough professional by his fellow officers, Karamveer Singh returned to his parent cadre as ADG and was appointed as DG UPP on September 22, 2009.He retired as the DG P on August 31, 2011 to become the first state police chief to retire from the covetedchair in last 10 years.tnnAll his predecessors were removed from the post of state police chief before they retired from services. The last IPS officer to have retired as DG UPP before Karamveer was MC Dwivedi who retired in 2001.A day after his retirement, the Mayawati government appointed him as special security advisor to the government with emoluments and salary at with that of principal secretary rank officer in the state. With most of the senior bureaucrats who were appointed by the Mayawati government being shunted out by the new government, Karamveer Singh decided to put in his papers on Saturday morning, before being removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12310910", "title": "Chicken vendor's leg chopped off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a brutal attack, a dozen assailants cut off the left leg of a 22-year-old chicken vendor Ajay Kumar in Sector 52 on Friday night. Ajay was admitted to PGI in critical condition. The five assailants were Shankar, Ravi, Choja, Pony and Golu.Around 9.30pm, the accused tried to steal and runaway from Ajays chicken stall. Ajay noticed them and chased them to a colony in Sector 52, but assailants attacked him with sharp edged weapons. In-charge of PP-61 Jaspal Singh said, In an attempt to settle an old rivalry, assailants deliberately attacked Ajay. Police have failed to arrest any of the assailants till now and raids are being conducted to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312253", "title": "Ex-corporator booked for stealing, trespassing", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police, on Friday, registered offences against former corporator Nitish G Gwalbanshi and his aides for trespassing, stealing and playing mischief. Gwalbanshi was booked after Nagpur railway station manager TK Bose lodged a complaint against him for stealing cement pillars, iron rods and other material from his two adjoining plots near Jagdish Nagar.Bose and Gwalbanshi apparently have an ownership dispute over the two plots. The dispute triggered after Bose purchased the plots from Meena Waswani in 2009. While Bose bought it from Waswani, Gwalbanshi has been claiming that the plots belonged to him and he has plans to construct a school there.The railway station manager complained that he had been facing stiff opposition from Gwalbanshi. This has led to many fights between the two groups. Bose claimed that Gwalbanshi has also been trying to block the access to his plots.Offence was finally registered against Gwalbanshi after Bose referred the issue to deputy commissioner of police Ambadas Pote. Police said that Gwalbanshi's security guards had been stealing material from the plots owned by Bose.Offences of theft, mischief and trespass have been registered on Friday against former corporator Nitish G Gwalbanshi and his accomplices at Gittikhdan police station in a case which triggered due to land dispute.Gwalbanshi was booked after TK Bose, Nagpur railway station manager, complained against him about theft of cement pillars, iron rods and some other materials from his two adjoining plots near Jagdish Nagar. It has come to fore that dispute over two adjoining plots, owned by Bose, had been underway since 2009 after the senior railway official had purchased the lands from Meena Waswani. The Gwalbanshis had been claiming that Bose had purchased plots belonging to them where they intend to bring up a school.Bose claimed that he had been facing stiff opposition from the Gwalbanshis who are against his developing the plots. This had brought the two opposing camps on warpath leading to several quarrels over the possession of the property. Bose claimed that his rivals had been also trying to block the access to his plots. The offence was registered against Gwalbanshi after Bose referred the issue to the deputy commissioner of police Ambadas Pote. Police said that Gwalbanshi's security guards, at the instance of the political worker, had been removing his materials from the plots owned by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12316715", "title": "Case against local SP leader, 3 others in assault case", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A case has been registered a local SP leader and three other people for allegedly assaulting a clerk of district employment office here, police said.According to a complaint filed by district employment officer Arshad Ali, SP leader Nahar Singh and three others persons beat the clerk, Narender, for taking a bribe of Rs 1,000 from a youth to get his name registered for the unemployment allowance, SSP Raghubir Lal said.An inquiry has been initiated into the incident, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311689", "title": "Man behind noble mission", "text": "George William Sawday, a missionary born in England and the Palace city has a well cherished association.It all began when Sawday arrived in Mysore in 1880. He dedicated the next 64 years of his life for the city; his prime focus was on education and health.Many institutions he had set up here are extending services till date. It is no wonder that Mysore Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar conferred on him the prestigious 'Kaisar-I-Hind' title. As a mark of respect, Mysore administrators named a prominent road at Mandi Mohalla after him.The heritage department has identified his abode \" Sawday House\", a two-storey structure, as vintage stock considering its architectural significance.As the city kept its date with his 158th birth anniversary recently, the footprints he had left behind speak about his achievements and love for the city he saw growing.Born at Sidmoth in Devon in England on March 10, 1854, William Sawday completed was associated with the Wesleyan Missionary Society.He arrived in India at the age of 22 to look after an orphanage in Tumkur. Four years later, he was deputed to Mysore, which became his home for the next six decades where he lived and did community service and died on September 16, 1944.Thousands of Mysoreans turned up for his funeral, recollects M L Krishnaswamy, a septuagenarian.\"He was tall, well-built and friendly. We used to wait for him to cross the street to get chocolates he would give with lots of love,\" Krishnaswamy, who is president of Hoysala Karnataka Sangha, said.Krishnaswamy, who is now 78, lived on the same lane on Agrahara's Vani Vilas road where the legendary missionary stayed. According to Rev Franklyn Prabhu, the former area chairman of the Church of South India-Karnataka Southern Dioceses, the bungalow was a gift by the Maharaja. He stayed at the house and all his children were born here, he said.Sawday tied the knot with Sarah Tort on November 28, 1877 at a chapel in Bangalore and the couple had seven children.He was secretary of the Mysore District Evangelistic Band for over 50 years and extended missionary services in the Old Mysore region before retiring from service in 1931. However, he continued to live in Mysore and was buried at CSI Bartholomew's cemetery.Some 18 years after he arrived in the town, Sawday visited England in 1898 as part of his mission to raise funds for a hospital and school in Mysore. Queen Victoria, who was also the empress of India, extended funds to set up Victoria Girls' School in 1903. Later, he set up the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (Mission Hospital) in 1906.He also used donation given by his sister to establish Mary Calvert boarding home in 1906.He was instrumental in constructing a church at Tilak Nagar which was later dedicated to him.As a tribute to his yeoman service to society, Sadway Memorial Church was constructed in Mandya in 1924.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12311460", "title": "IUML leaders face party workers' ire", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A group of IUML workers tried to manhandle the party state general secretaries E T Muhammad Basheer and K P A Majeed after the meeting of the Kasaragod district council of the party at Kasaragod on Saturday.Angered by the exclusion of A Abdurehman from the official posts, a group of party workers shouted slogans and tried to rough up the leaders when they were addressing the media outside the hall. Senior leaders intervened and pacified the workers who created trouble for around 30 minutes. The group also tried to block the car of M C Khamarudheen, who was elected as new general secretary.E T Muhammad Basheer, however, discounted the incident as the expression of emotion by the party sympathizers. He said the meeting of the council was peaceful and smooth.Cherkkalam Abdulla has been elected the new district president and C T Ahammedali the treasurer. The election of the Kasaragod district office-bearers was delayed as there was intense factionalism within the district unit of the party. The state office-bearers had met at the house of party state president Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal at Malappuram last month to sort out the issue.But the meeting did not solve the crisis as both factions stuck to their demands. Finally, the state leadership was forced to announce the list of its own with the concurrence of Hyderali Thangal.Meanwhile, industries minister P K Kunhalikutty told reporters in Kozhikode that action will be taken against the party workers if they are found guilty of assaulting the leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312507", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation collects only half of water bill payments", "text": "PUNE: The water supply department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has collected only half of the water bill payments for 2011-12 from residents till February end. As against the total amount of Rs 33.04 crore to be collected, the civic body has managed to collect Rs 16.94 crore.The department needed to collect Rs 9.09 crore from zone A residents, but the actual recovery was Rs 3.76 crore. Of the Rs 7.9 crore water dues in zone B, only Rs 4.31 crore were recovered, while Rs 2.90 crore were collected in zone C as against dues of Rs 7.39 crore. From zone D, Rs 6.15 crore were recovered as against dues of Rs 7.39 crore.An official of the water department said that usually, residents pay their water bills from October to March after the bills are distributed. However, water supply department officials and employees were engaged in election work during the period this year and could not collect bill payments from residents. As a result, water bill collection was less.There are 1.28 lakh water connections in the township, comprising 33,443 connections in zone A; 25,152 in zone B, 31,834 in zone C and 38,529 in zone D. The civic body has installed water meters for 1.27 lakh water connections till now. While the water supply department collects water charges as per the meter readings where the devices have been installed, consumers that do not have water meters are charged a flat rate.Meanwhile AY Karche, assistant commissioner and Zone B officer, PCMC, has appealed to the water consumers to pay their water bills quickly. Consumers who have not received the bills should contact the Zone B office, he said. Complaints about fines to be charged for arrears will not be entertained after March 31. If consumers fail to pay their bills, the civic body will disconnect their connections, Karche added.Joint city engineer M T Kamble said that the department supplies 425 million litre water per day to the city. There are 79 elevated storage reservoirs in the city. Construction of five reservoirs is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312812", "title": "\u2018Half-hearted help from government\u2019", "text": "The 32 families that have been rendered homeless after their building was reduced to rubble following a major fire on Thursday are fighting a lonely battle, with the authorities apparently making a mere halfhearted effort to help them in their hours of misery.\"We are each other's only support system. I have never seen such selfless commitment from neighbours as I have witnessed in the past 48 hours. Sadly, the response from the government has been equally muted,\" said Micky Panchwani, a resident of Tardeo's Ganpat Wete Sadan where the fire broke out. A part of the building collapsed, leaving more than 90 without a roof over their head.The victims say the authorities-be it the civic body, Mhada or even the staff of Nair Hospital where most of the burn victims were taken initially-have done little to alleviate their pain. \"After two days of putting us up in a transit camp, Mhada has offered us accommodation in Sion. It is not feasible for us to shift to central Mumbai. We asked them for an alternative closer to Tardeo, but to no avail. Some officers even mocked us, asking if we would want five-star bungalows.\" said Charulata Shirodkar, a senior citizen.Echoing him, Panchwani said it was impossible to even consider moving to Sion, given that children have exams in March. \"Our children go to schools here and the final exams are in March. They have lost all their books and, if they are shifted to a place far from school, it will literally kill their chance of clearing the exams,\" he said. Talks are now on with builders for a possible accommodation in the area.The residents were also upset over not being helped in retrieving their belongings from the building. \"They are not letting us in. We have documents, gold and other valuables there. But neither are we allowed to go in nor are the Mhada or BMC officials taking our belongings out,\" said retired serviceman Mahadev Sawant.Another of the residents' grievances is that those admitted to Nair Hospital are not being cared for properly. \"They have been left without proper treatment. Nair has no proper burns facilities and the staff is not maintaining the required level of hygiene. We, with the help of NGOs, are trying to raise money to shift the burn victims to a private hospital ,\" said Panjwani. Six persons are still in the hospital, with an 11-month-old child, Tanay Phansekar, being admitted to the paediatric department. \"Two women, Jasanta Yadav and Deepika Phansekar, are in the trauma-care unit. The rest have been shifted to normal wards. All are showing signs of improvement ,\" said Dr M K Sanjana, acting dean of Nair Hospital.Asked if the residents planned to meet any senior official to demand compensation, pat comes the reply: \"Not at all. The mayor and BMC chief came here for a few minutes that day but no one has bothered to check on us after that. We are relying on each other,\" said Shirodkar.Fire brigade reached late: BMC CommitteeTwo days after the blaze at Tardeo, BMC's standing committee members alleged that the fire brigade reached the spot halfan-hour after it got a call. \"The fire brigade could not reach on time. The fire took place early in the morning , when there is hardly any traffic,\" Congress corporator and leader of opposition Dnyanraj Nikam said. \"Why did the fire brigade arrive so late?\"The civic administration, however , said the fire brigade reached within eight minutes of the first call being made. \"The congested lanes and traffic led to the delay,\" said Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310429", "title": "East Delhi 20 minutes closer to Defence Colony now", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Barapullah elevated road has once again dramatically improved connectivity between two areas of the capital. You can now zip from east Delhi to Defence Colony by taking the slip road above Kushak Nullah - which was thrown open to traffic on Friday afternoon - and reach Lala Lajpat Rai Marg in no time. This route is expected to cut down commuting time between Sarai Kale Khan and Defence Colony by at least 35 minutes in peak hours and 20 minutes in non-peak hours, said officials.\"Those travelling from Sarai Kale Khan towards Lodhi Road on the elevated road can use this slip road to exit just before the Defence Colony flyover,\" said a senior PWD official connected with the project.This way commuters will be able to bypass the heavy Ring Road traffic - and the congested Ashram intersection or the rickety Okhla barrage road - while heading for Defence Colony, Jangpura, Moolchand Hospital, Lajpat Nagar, Greater Kailash-1 and other south Delhi areas. PWD has constructed traffic slowing devices in the form of rumble strips at the end of the slip road so that vehicles can slowly merge with the fast-moving traffic crossing the Defence Colony flyover and pose no threat to the residents of Jangpura.The opening of another slip road on the other side, connecting Lala Lajpat Rai Marg with the elevated road, will provide a similar option for those travelling from south to east Delhi. This slip road, which is being constructed above Sunehri Nullah, will provide access to the elevated road from Lala Lajpat Rai Marg near Aman Hotel. Commuters will be able to climb on to the road at this point and have a smooth ride to Sarai Kale Khan, said officials. But that is still a couple of months away with May being the latest deadline.PWD is planning several other links between the elevated road and other arterial roads. In the second phase of the Barapullah project, PWD proposed multiple connections between the road, Ashram and DND. The road will be extended from JLN stadium to INA Market. The project, pegged at a cost of Rs 530 crore, is awaiting cabinet approval.\"Phase II will provide free flow of traffic by easing traffic congestion on Ring Road at Ashram, Mathura Road, Bhairon Road, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and other arterial roads. This will also work as a link connecting NH-24 with NH-8,\" said a senior government official.\"In Phase II, more slip roads will be constructed so that people can enter and exit the elevated road from more places. Slip roads will connect the road with Ashram and DND which means people can climb on to Barapullah straight after exiting DND or while driving from Ashram. Two more slip roads will come up at Lala Lajpat Rai Marg besides the two that are being constructed at present,\" said the official.While Phase II will include extension of the elevated corridor from JLN up to INA market for a distance of 2.5 km, the proposed elevated road will have a six-lane (restricted) carriageway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312791", "title": "Ashden report to boost rural electrification", "text": "KOLKATA: The Ashden Indian Collective - a team comprising Ashden awardees from India - has prepared a report recommending ways to develop off-grid renewable energy in the country. The report will soon be submitted to the Britain's Department of International Development (DFID) to get funds for framing policies on developing renewable energy in the country. The group's chairman is Ashden award winner and former West Bengal Green Energy Development Corporation's managing director, SP Gon Chaudhuri.The recommendations primarily focus on two aspects - developing rural electrification and decentralizing distribution of generation.The group conducted three round-table meetings last year on off-grid systems tariff to frame the draft policy. In rural areas, the power supply tariff is Rs 90 per unit in some places. In reality, many of these places do not receive any power. Kerosene is still used in large scale in rural areas. \"Solar, bio mass and wind are the available local renewable energy sources in rural areas. Cost of power can come down to Rs 10 per unit if these sources are tapped,\" said S P Gon Chaudhuri, the group's chairman and former MD of the West Bengal Green Energy Development Corporation.On the second proposal, Gon Chaudhuri said, \"People living in rural areas should get the opportunity to sell solar power into the grid. Though electric lines are going to ensure uninterrupted power supply, the use of solar power has to be widely accepted so that people can sell it to the grid.\" There are around 1 lakh villages in the country where this system could be used effectively.According to estimates, almost 16% of the country's 6 lakh villages do not have electricity at present. More than 85% of the rural poor and 44% of rural households do not have access to electricity. The ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) is promoting off-grid renewable energy for a long time. But the growth of off-grid systems has been much lower than expectations so far. At present, subsidy offered for off-grid generation is in the form of capital grants. Thus consumers of off-grid electricity systems are charged much more compared to grid-connected consumers. \"For these reasons, a proper policy and regulatory framework is required for fully exploiting the economical potential of decentralized renewable energy systems,\" said Gon Chaudhuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311246", "title": "School students now turn to industrial gum to get a high", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: That school students indulge in substance abuse is not news anymore. But their affinity for more and more bizarre substances to get a kick is definitely food for thought.A few days ago, two students of an aided school in the city were saved by the locals after being found unconscious under the Maruthankuzhy Bridge, near Sasthamangalam. They had been inhaling from a tube of an industrial gum used for sealing punctured tyres.Police was taken by surprise when they learnt that these students had been using the gum regularly to get a high. S Anilkumar, sub inspector at Vattiyoorkavu police station, said the two are from Kanjirampara Colony, where a number of teenagers were addicted to this gum.Police have plans to conduct an awareness camp in this colony in this regard. They have also instructed all hardware shops in the locality to refrain from selling toxic substances to minors.\"In order to avoid suspicion, children avoid buying the gum from the same shop regularly,\" the inspector said.\"A tube of gum costs only a little over Rs 20, which most of these kids can easily manage,\" he said.Soon after the SSLC and the higher secondary exams, police will launch an awareness campaign in the area to stop students from taking to drugs.Substance abuse among children has been on the rise for quite some time now. Until a few years ago, whiteners used for erasing ink were used extensively by students to get intoxicated. It took a while for teachers and parents to realize what had been happening.There are also students who have taken to cough syrups to get a high. Gulping down an entire bottle of the syrup is enough to get a high for a few hours.Industrial gum is the latest entrant in the list, said a teacher at a prominent government school here.\"We are not shocked at this kind of news anymore,\" he said. Teachers have tried all possible means to discourage students from substance abuse, but to no avail. \"Awareness campaigns do not have any impact on them,\" he added.There are also students who have taken to cough syrups to get a high. Gulping down an entire bottle of the syrup is enough to get a high for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312451", "title": "51-year-old found dead in Paud Road apartment", "text": "PUNE: A 51-year-old man was found dead in his flat on Paud Road on Saturday morning due to suspected suffocation, after the mattress he was sleeping on, caught fire.The deceased, Aniket Arvind Patankar, was a resident of Geet Govind society in Rambaug Colony. The incident came to light on Saturday morning when the maid opened the main door with the spare key she had after knocking on the door several times.She saw the smoke-filled place and Patankar lying motionless on the floor and alerted the neighbours who called the fire brigade.Patankar was rushed to a nearby hospital, but proclaimed dead on arrival. The firemen, who examined the mattress, said some parts of it and a portion of the wooden bed had caught fire. A circular portion of the mattress that had got burnt suggested that the fire had started from the centre and spread outwards.Kothrud police said Patankar lived alone in his third floor flat and was not working. His family lives in Mumbai. ACP Vitthal Harihar said, \"A lit cigarette may have started the fire. Patankar may have died due to suffocation.\"Patankar's 80-year-old uncle said that he was an alcoholic, Harihar added. His Dubai-based sister has been informed about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "there are two types of islamic preachers", "code": "12312592", "title": "The Muslim whom Qaida loves to hate", "text": "There are two types of Islamic preachers: the incendiary supremacists who justify violence in the name of avenging real or imagined injustice and the pacifist moderates who hail forgiveness as the best human virtue. Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri belongs to the second category. Based in Canada since 2006, the Pakistan-born eminent Sufi scholar and preacher has been on al-Qaida's hit list ever since he issued a 600-page fatwa against terrorism on March 20, 2010. He has also drawn flak from a group of orthodox fellow religionists for propagating an Islam which, his detractors say, is too \"inclusive\" and \"forward-looking\".This past week, Qadri, who was in the city on the invitation of Minhaj-ul-Quran , addressed two gatherings in the city. Fundamentalist organisations did everything in their power to stop him-the Raza Academy even approached the Bombay High Court, demanding a ban on his sermons in the city as that could cause trouble. The court admitted the petition, but allowed Qadri to deliver his lectures, saying it would hear the tapes later.Part of the fundamentalists' ammunition against the preacher was that two weeks earlier, while addressing a crowd in Kutch, he had allegedly \"thanked \" Narendra Modi-an act which raised a storm in Gujarat's Urdu press. So, does he really admire Modi? \"I didn't even utter Modi's name,\" says Qadri. \"I just thanked the state government which provided me with ZPlus security and facilitated my address. It was my moral responsibility to thank them.\"Many scholars before Qadri have issued fatwas against terrorism . But Qadri's fatwa, given greater legitimacy by the endorsement of the famous Cairo based seminary Al-Azhar University , is an absolute refutation of all terrorism without any excuses . Perhaps the al-Qaida got offended and marked him because of the line in the fatwa which said: \"It can in no way be permissible to keep foreign delegates under unlawful custody and murder them and other peaceful non-Muslim citizens in retaliation for the interference, unjust activities and aggressive advances of their countries. The one who does has no relation to Islam and the Holy Prophet.\" In Mumbai, addressing the packed Birla Matoshri Sabhagar hall, Qadri had declared: \"I am not saying anything new. I am just communicating the true spirit of Islam which is tolerant, inclusive and forgiving.\" Raising his fist, the frail preacher in black robe and Sufi-style skull cap said: \"I am an enemy of terrorism and don't care if I am killed saving humanity from this scourge.\"The preacher challenges critics to counter the anti-terrorism fatwa he issued. \"Why hasn't anybody written even a pamphlet rebutting what I said in the fatwa?\" he asks. However, he says he prefers not to reply to personal attack and goes on to recall his days in Pakistan when a maulvi wrote against him in a journal for years. \"On my silence , the maulvi once shouted at a meeting, 'What did I get from attacking him all these years? He has not replied even once.'\"Qadri terms as \"criminal\" the silence of the majority on the depredations of a handful of misguided youth. \"If there were a dozen voices like mine within the Muslim community, things would have been different,\" he says. The preacher has written over 1,000 books, and the DVDs and CDs of his sermons sell like hot cakes in Muslim pockets, from the markets of Multan to the bylanes of Bhendi Bazaar. No wonder, thousands turned out to hear him live.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12317314", "title": "No intention of destabilising Bahuguna govt: Rawat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sulking Congress leader Harish Rawat on Sunday said he has not received any \"concrete proposals\" from the Congress leadership to end the stalemate in Uttarakhand but has no intention of destabilising the Vijay Bahuguna government.Asked whether he has received any proposals from the high command to end the impasse, Rawat told reporters here, \"As such no such concrete proposals has come to compensate me. If any such proposal comes, I will discuss it with my supporters.\"Almost a week after Bahuguna took over as chief minister of Uttarakhand, Rawat said he and his supporters were not against any individual and that they were ready to cooperate.\"I said in several meetings of my supporters that chief minister's post is not vacant...I have made it clear from the very beginning that the solution for the problem which has come up will be within the Congress party,\" he said.However, he hastened to add that the contention that he did not enjoy support within the party was \"incorrect\".\"It was incorrect to say that I have no support in the state. But the party has the right to reject a claim, that is party's prerogative and I am not questioning that. I just wanted to prove that point and I am thankful to MLAs,\" he said.Congress has 32 members in the 70-member Assembly and has the support of seven non-BJP members to muster the requisite majority.Fourteen of the Congress MLAs owing allegiance to Rawat have yet to take oath, thereby posing hurdles in government formation. Rawat had taken oath as chief minister last Tuesday.Rawat said, \"We do not want to create stalemate in Congress in Uttarakhand. We want Congress government to run for full five years.\"His comments came after Congress president Sonia Gandhi today held deliberations with Bahuguna and senior party leaders to resolve the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310682", "title": "Robbery bid foiled", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman and her daughter helped police catch nab an armed robber in northeast Delhi. The incident took place in New Seelampur area on Friday, when three armed robbers entered the house of one Nahid Khan. \"The robbers threatened her with pistols and asked her to hand over her jewellery and money. Her daughter entered the house and raised an alarm. Some neighbours rushed in and police posted nearby apprehended one of the robbers while the other two managed to flee,\" said additional DCP (northeast) BK Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310688", "title": "BJP-JD(U) rift over Bihar seat widens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The standoff between BJP and Nitish Kumar over who gets to contest the sixth Rajya Sabha seat from the state worsened on Saturday, with the saffron party refusing to drop its claim despite Bihar CM's persistent pitch.The confrontation, unless resolved before the last date for the filing of papers on Monday, may lead to an election, opening a window for the Opposition to grab a RS seat at the expense of the two allies and straining the ruling coalition.Sources said that BJP on Saturday morning conveyed to Bihar CM its inability to accept his request.JD (U), with a tally of 118 and the support of two Independents, can get three of its sitting members - Ali Anwar, Mahendra Sahani and Mahendra Prasad- re-elected, and will still have 13 votes to spare.BJP, which has 91 MLAs and enjoys the support of two Independents, will have 23 votes to spare after ensuring the election of party general secretaries Ravishankar Prasad and Dharmendra Pradhan. The party wants its 23 surplus votes for its deputy leader in the Rajya Sabha S S Ahluwalia, claiming that it has more numbers and this time it is JD (U)'s turn to come to its aid because six years ago they had transferred 21 votes to the ally's candidate Mahendra Prasad.BJP's tough stand has come as a surprise for Kumar. But, the move is being appreciated within BJP since Kumar has invariably had his way with similar situations in the past, thanks to the leadership's softness.JD(U) also finds it difficult to retrace its steps due to the urgency to appease the aspirations within its flock. Political circles feel that the party is opposed to a 50:50 distribution of RS seats since a parity could create the perception of BJP's upswing in the state. Kumar may wish to avert the trend because of his growing constituency among Muslims. BJP's gains, courtesy its smart show in the assembly polls, will be at the expense of RJD chief Lalu Prasad, Kumar's rival for Muslim vote. Some JD (U) leaders feel that Lalu may seize upon the opportunity to claim that the Bihar CM has not been able to stem the growth of \"communal\" forces.The dispute can develop into a \"trust deficit\" between the allies over the presence of BJP's general secretary Sanjay Joshi at an event organized by Kumar's known detractors, and has opened up the prospect of Prasad coordinating with Congress and others to snatch a RS seat. JD (U) and BJP can sweep the six seats. But, a split can create an opening for Prasad, who with 22 seats of his own, can collaborate with Congress (4), LJP (1), and CPI (1) to pull off a surprise victory.The consequences of such an outcome may stretch beyond RS polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312339", "title": "Ho girls in the crossfire", "text": "The Saranda forest area in Jharkhand's West Singbhum gets very quiet at night. Sometimes the silence is broken by the rustle of dry leaves crushed under the stealthy boots of Maoists. It was this sound that terrified S Guria's father - because when the twigs cracked, the sound was almost always accompanied by the urgent voices of rebels looking for young volunteers.Guria was about 14 when a group of armed men came to her house at Digha, a remote village on the fringes of the thick forest. \"They were from the jungle party (CPI-Maoist ),\" she says, her tiny voice barely audible. \"They wanted me to join them.\" Her father sought time to think it over and the Maoists, as usual, promised to return soon. He knew in his heart that the men would come back to claim his girl in the name of revolution.Then one day, about three months back, something happened that changed Guria's life. The CRPF had just begun a training camp for tribal girls, something that equipped them to be guards at schools and security personnel at a clutch of private institutions, and women from Sahyog, an NGO, had come around encouraging the teenagers to join in. Guria had signed up quickly then.There was no escape, though, from fear. \"They (the Maoists) will torture my family if they know I trained with the CRPF,\" says R Kerketta, an 18-year-old girl who took the same route Guria did and now shares an identical agony. Returning to their village isn't an option. The Maoists would only be too glad to recruit trained women who can double up as cooks for them. As A Ekka, 22, who has now found a job in Ranchi with the help of the CRPF's partner NGO Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), says, \"It's safe in the city. But how long can we hide.\"The training itself has been a surprising success . There are currently 35 girls in the CRPF's Chaibasa camp, intently spending their days doing various drills and physical exercises, learning road traffic rules and elementary Hindi and English. They are also getting computer-literate and being taught how to handle money, maintain records, and get to know a bit about the law.D K Pandey, CRPF inspector-general in Jharkhand , says, \"Naxalism cannot be fought with bullets alone. So we decided to help villagers by equipping them with skills that would enable them earn a decent living.\" Project Rupantaran, adds Lal Chand Yadav, commandant, CRPF 197 Battalion, is aimed to do just that.Of course, activists like G N Saibaba of the Revolutionary Democratic Front aren't convinced. Slamming Project Rupantaran, he says, \"This is camouflage (tactic) by the security forces. The Indian state has always said something and done something else. That's why tribals rejected the Indian state. These girls are being trained for use as canon fodder. The security forces will later use them to kill other tribals.\"For the 36,500 people, mostly Ho tribals, in the 56 villages of Saranda - which is about 900 sq km of dense Sal forests in the Orissa-Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh trijunction - the project was meant to be a balm for people caught in the crossfire between the Maoists and security forces. But they are the ones in the middle now. While the rebels allege untold human rights violation, officers , like DIG Bhanu Pratap Singh of the CRPF's Chaibasa range, say the patch was the headquarters of the Maoists' eastern regional bureau. Even Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, effusive about \"transformation\" of the militant bastion into a government showpiece, had said last October that it was after 11 years the Indian Tricolour was unfurled in Saranda.The flag has done nothing to wave away C Sundi's discomfort at her own emancipation. The 17-year-old from Tirilposhi village dropped out after class V and grew up fighting hunger and fear. \"I left hunger behind, but still carry fear,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310757", "title": "Bombers\u2019 detained chief may be brought to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking her silence on the police's attempt to link her family with the Iranian blast suspects, arrested journalist SMA Kazmi's wife, Jahan, on Saturday claimed the large foreign remittances into their bank accounts were made by their Dubai-based children. The police had alleged that Kazmi and his wife received Rs 3.8 lakh and Rs 18.8 lakh in their accounts since early 2011 from suspected Iranian sources.While the Enforcement Directorate and the Financial Investigation Unit (FIU) have been asked to probe these remittances, Delhi Police claim to have established a direct link between Houshang Afshar Irani, the Iranian accused of sticking the bomb to an Israeli diplomat's car on February 13, and Sedaghatzadeh Masoud, the operational head of the bombers' group who was detained at the Kuala Lumpur airport just hours after the Bangkok blast a day later.Sources said an open warrant has been issued against Masoud and he is expected to arrive in the city from Malaysia by the end of next week. The six-member group had begun planning the attacks in early 2011 but started the ground work only in the last six months. The probe has found that although Masoud headed the group's operations, another Iranian, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr, was the main conspirator. He visited both Delhi and Bangkok and is now believed to be in Iran.\"Our investigations show that Irani took the first Malaysian Airlines flight out of the city on February 13 for Kuala Lumpur, hours after he planted the bomb. He had checked in by early evening,\" said a police officer. Irani reportedly brought the magnetic plate of the bomb from Iran 15 days before the blast. He also sourced the explosives locally and remained in contact with Masoud all through. \"We believe they even met in Kuala Lumpur before Masoud's detention,'' added an investigator.The police claimed Masoud was informed about the success of the Delhi attack and gave the go-ahead for the Bangkok blast after this. They also believe the conspiracy to carry out blasts in Delhi, Bangkok and Tbilisi was only intended to grab eyeballs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310503", "title": "Sambhars to be moved in small batches", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 40-odd sambhars at the Delhi Golf Club will be shifted to Rajasthan's Kumbalgarh Sanctuary in groups of four to five and the entire relocation process will take about a month.\"To ensure the animals are safe and whether the relocation technique that is being followed is suitable, we will move the animals in small batches. A group of four to five will be captured at one go and shifted before the second batch is caught. In this way, it will also become clear whether the animals will be put through any stress while being moved,\" A C Choubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan said.Rajasthan had recently offered to take about 35 sambhars that the DGC was keen to get rid off. According to government sources, DGC management wanted the animals removed from the course as they were destroying the turf. Permission for their relocation was granted only last week even though DGC had been clamouring for their removal since around 2001. However, sources are saying that no real merit had been found in DGC's request.On Thursday, officials of the Rajasthan forest department attempted to sedate some animals and move them out but failed as the medicine dosage was not sufficient. \"As is procedure in such cases, darts dipped in the anesthetic will be fired at the animals. Once the medicine has taken effect, they will be transferred to trucks and driven to Rajasthan. On Thursday, the procedure was followed but the medicine dose was probably too light and none of the animals seemed affected. The operation was suspended for a couple of days for some tournament at the club and will be resumed by Monday,\" said sources.Once the sambhars reach Rajasthan, they would first be kept in a relocation enclosure and a few days later would be shifted to the sanctuary, Rajasthan wildlife department officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315093", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: With no tax on diesel vehicles, auto makers mull expansion", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Budget has spared diesel vehicles from the much feared additional tax, auto firms such as M&M;, Hyundai and Maruti Suzuki are expected to press ahead with plans to expand engine capacities in this segment.Before the Budget 2012-13 was presented on Friday, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) had said that fear of diesel tax and lack of a clear roadmap on diesel pricing led auto companies to hold back investments of more than Rs 3,000 crore in India.At present, petrol is deregulated but diesel prices are still decided by the government, which provides subsidy on the fuel that is used by the transportation sector and impacts the cost of several essential goods and services.Rising petrol prices have increased manifold the demand for diesel vehicles over the past couple of years. Hence, of late, there has been strong demand from various quarters for an additional tax on diesel cars.\"There has been no mention of an additional tax on diesel vehicles or on the existing differential pricing of diesel in the Budget...I would therefore assume that diesel vehicles will not be treated any differently,\" Mahindra &amp; Mahindra President (Automotive and Farm Equipment Sectors) Pawan Goenka said.He said this will encourage companies that had held back investments on new diesel engine capacities, awaiting clarity on the issue, to go ahead with their plans.\"As far as M&M; is concerned, whatever we have held back on increasing production capacity of diesel vehicles, we will be going ahead now,\" Goenka said.While he did not specify how much investment was held back on diesel expansion, the company had announced that till FY'14 it will invest Rs 5,000 crore on new products and capacity.Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL), which had put on hold its Rs 400-crore diesel engine plant last year, said it is evaluating the situation after the Budget.\"We have to weigh the pros and cons as there has been no mention of diesel tax in the Budget. Within two weeks we will be taking a decision on whether we should go ahead with our diesel plant or not,\" a spokesperson for HMIL said.The plant was envisaged to have an annual capacity of 1.5 lakh units for three types of engines -- 1.1 litre, 1.4 litre and 1.6 litre for the domestic market.Maruti Suzuki India (MSI), which has also been awaiting clarity on the issue, said those companies with diesel manufacturing capacity would be pleased with the Budget's silence on petrol-diesel price differential.Asked if MSI would consider going ahead with the plans for increasing diesel engine capacity, company Chairman R C Bhargava said: \"We can only say after the project report is completed and considered by the management.\"Union Budget 2012-13, budget,Union Budget 2012, Union Budget, Budget 2012Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312675", "title": "Energy research centre to come up at vehicles research and development establishment", "text": "PUNE: The National Centre of Excellence for Combustion and Gasification, which will focus on converting fossil fuel resources into gas for meeting energy requirement of the armed forces units located in high altitude and far-flung areas, is all set to come up at the Vehicles Research and Development Establishment (VRDE) at Ahmednagar, about 110 km from here.Director general of Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) V K Saraswat laid the foundation stone for the new facility, which will be a joint venture involving industry and academic organisations. \"We are in the process of finalising deals with the industry and academia partners,\" said Saraswat.He said, \"The need for establishing this research centre stems from the growing realisation about energy becoming a major issue in the years ahead due to factors like depletion of fossil fuel resources and the availability of these fuels in far-flung and high altitude locations for the armed forces.\"As of now, the Indian armed forces have units located at 12,000 ft altitude in Leh and even 18,000 ft altitude at Khardungla, he pointed out. \"We have to transport fuel to these and other far flung locations besides, the forces have to stockpile the fuel for adverse conditions,\" he said and added, \"All this adds to labour and cost.\"\"The upcoming centre will primarily address this issue by way of developing systems for producing energy using whatever ways and means that are available. It could be coal, it could be biomass, solid waste, liquid waste or different kinds of alcohols,\" he said.\"We want to have a system that will be able to gassify these fuel resources. The gassified fuel, in turn, can be used for generating energy to meet the requirement of armed forces units in high altitude and far-flung areas,\" he added. \"The advantages are immense in terms of the clean energy that we can have from such gassified fuel,\" he said.Meanwhile, as part of its design and development of mini-unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) programme, the prototypes of two variants of UAVs developed by the VRDE are now going through technical trials. The ministries of defence and home are jointly working on a plan for the eventual deployment of these UAVs in low intensity conflict operations like the naxal-affected areas, said VRDE officials.\"These are light weight aerial vehicles incorporating advanced structural materials and light weight payloads including a camera, for carrying out a variety of roles under anti-terrorism and anti-naxal operations. The UAVs can be deployed in hostile terrains for deep penetration for surveillance operations,\" said VRDE deputy director Prerak Vyas.Vyas said, \"The operating range of these UAVs is about 15 km while it can fly as high as 15,000 ft altitude with an endurance of six hours in flight. Intelligence data is gathered by the operator through a sophisticated computer and the control of the vehicle is remotely done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12320047", "title": "'Hardworking' employees to be given incentives, says Mukul", "text": "SHILLONG: Hardworking employees of the state government would be given incentives and due promotions, chief minister Mukul Sangma informed the Meghalaya assembly. \"From April this year, we will have a complete website of the labour department, wherein the youth can register themselves,\" Mukul said, adding the initiative would be a part of a plan to observe the coming fiscal as 'Year of the Youth' in the state. tnnThe move would enable the government to have complete data on the \"employability\" of the candidates, based on which they would be suitably placed. Mukul welcomed suggestions from former Lok Sabha Speaker and current Tura legislator Purno A'gitok Sangma and Mawprem MLA Manas Chaudhuri to consider enactment of a law making it compulsory for unemployed youth in the state to register with the Employment Exchange.When opposition MLA James Sangma urged the setting up of more institutes for imparting vocational training, the CM said efforts were already on to set up such training centres in the PPP mode and the government was in the process of identifying potential private partners. He informed that the ITI at Williamnagar has been 'adopted' by the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited.Replying to a poser by PA Sangma if the state government was considering availing of the Centre's \"massive programme\" under the World Bank for modernization and computerization of employment exchanges, deputy chief minister Rowell Lyngdoh said steps in this regard would be initiated from the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312370", "title": "30-yr-old man murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: A man, in his thirties, was stabbed to death in his rented room, in ward number three at Butibori.Deceased Vijay Gedam, a welder with a private company in MIDC, was killed apparently after the assailant attacked him with a dagger. The killer weapon was found lodged in Gedam's back when the police reached the spot on being alerted by his co-tenants on Saturday morning.Neighbours informed that Gedam had just returned from his native Anji Ambora village in Wardha district on Friday evening. Though, Gedam had left for his native village along with wife and four-year-old son on March 12, he returned alone.Police informed that Gedam had a visitor late in the evening. He also spoke to his wife on phone at 10.30 pm. Preliminary investigations reveal that Gedam had a scuffle with the visitor, senior police inspector KM Rajput of Butibori police station informed. \"Gedam's body was found in a pool of blood but there was blood all along the way out of the premises which proves that the assailant too was injured in the scuffle,\" Rajput added.Cops have also found a liquor bottle in the room but Gedam's family members insist that he was a teetotaler. Police will now be assessing the calls made from Gedam's cell phone.Sniffer dogs too have been pressed into action after cops found assailant's finger-prints on the dagger. A team from Butibori police station has started quizzing Gedam's friends and neighbours.A senior cop has urged citizens to come forward and share inputs in the case to help them nab the murderer. The cops are baffled over the motive of the murder.dead on the floor in his innerwear and the dagger still stuck in his back on Saturday morning by his co-tenants who had raised the alarm. Police is still baffled by the motive of the murder.It has come to fore Gedam had returned from his native place at Anji Ambora village in Wardha district on Friday evening. He had left for his native village on March 12 earlier this month along with wife and four-year-old son. Gedam left his family back in the native place.Police said Gedam had a friend visiting him in the late evening. He had a conversation with his wife over telephone at 10.30 pm, said police. Senior police inspector KM Rajput of Buti Bori police station said that the murder took place following a scuffle. \"Gedam's body was found in a pool of blood but there were signs of blood dripping along the road too which suggests that the assailant was also injured,\" he said.Police has also found a bottle of liquor in the room but the family members have claimed Gedam was a teetotaler. The mobile phone of the deceased is now in the possession of the police who are assessing the call details record.Police has also found finger-prints on the dagger and also pressed a sniffer dog in action. A team of Buti Bori police has started tracing down Gedam's friends and quizzing the neighbours. A senior cop said that the citizens should come forward with inputs but police has been left to probe the matter without any support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310880", "title": "Three bureaucrats to help students get better grades", "text": "MUMBAI: Housing secretary Gautam Chaterjee, his higher and technical education counterpart, Sanjay Kumar , and UID deputy director-general Ajay Bhushan Pandey will soon embark on a novel mission. The trio has drafted an ambitious plan to teach basic subjects to non-performing students.Chaterjee, an IAS officer of the 1982 batch, was a topper in physics from Patna. Kumar, an IAS officer of the 1984 batch, did his post graduation in political science from JNU, while Pandey, an IAS officer of the 1984 batch, is a product of IIT-Kanpur. Prior to his appointment in the higher and technical education department, Kumar had a prolonged stint with the school education department. He found that that there was steady rise in the number of dropouts and that quite a large number of students did not succeed at the SSC examination owing to their inability to attempt maths, science and English question papers.The three officials felt that since they have a little expertise and a liking for teaching, they should guide the students, particularly those belonging to weaker sections of the society.\"We are drafting the plan. It's in the conceptual stage, but we are sure we will be able to launch it on a very small scale from the ensuing academic session,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Saturday.The bureaucrat added that it had been initially proposed to select 40 to 50 students either from municipal schools or lesser known schools in south Mumbai. \"Our target is not the high ranking schools or to teach those students who have already scored more than 80% marks. We have proposed to select students from the seventh standard and then teach them till they reach the 10th standard. The entire exercise will be free,\" he said. It has been proposed to teach only three subjects - English, maths and science. \"We know most students are weak in these subjects, therefore, it was felt that we should concentrate only on English, mathematics and science,\" he said. The experiment is the first of its kind, said the bureaucrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12319923", "title": "Rubber plantation for Karbi Anglong", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government has targeted to cover 1,50,000 hectares in Karbi Anglong district with rubber plantation. The soil conservation and irrigation department, which is implementing rubber plantation in the state, has prepared a plan for rubber plantation in Karbi Anglong.Soil conservation and irrigation minister Ardhendu Kumar Dey held a meeting with the representatives of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council recently on how to carry out rubber plantation in the district. He said rubber plantation in the district will be carried out on a mission mode.The Karbi Anlong Council Authority will also be involved in the plantation exercise. The beneficiaries will be selected by the council.With demand for rubber growing in the domestic market, Dey said the rubber plantation will go a long way in solving the unemployment problem in the district. Tripura was able to contain insurgency by engaging reformed militants in rubber plantation. Similar attempts will also be made in Karbi Anglong to provide avenues for income for the surrendered militants in the district, an official said.In Karbi Anglong rubber plantation started years back, but the spell of insurgency affected promotion of this plantation sector for more than a decade . At present, about 2,500 hectare area in Karbi Anglong district is under rubber plantation. Assam's potential area for rubber cultivation is two lakh hectare. The department has set a target of bringing 10,000 hectares of land under rubber plantation each year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310413", "title": "12 of city\u2019s 17 police chowkies shut due to manpower crisis", "text": "MUMBAI: Shortage in manpower has forced the police to shut down 12 of its 17 police chowkies in the city, triggering a debate over law and order on the streets. \"Due to shortage in manpower, 12 police chowkies have been closed within the jurisdiction of the Mumbai police commissioner. While three unauthorized chowkies have been demolished following a PIL in the high court, two have been shut for repair,\" home minister R R Patil said in his reply to a query posed by Vidya Chavan (NCP) during the question hour session at the state legislative council on Friday.Chavan had asked the government about the steps it was taking to restart the closed police chowkies, given that the city was witnessing a rise in criminal cases.Admitting that a few of the chowkies had been closed, Patil said, \"To maintain law and order in areas where chowkies have been shut down, personnel attached to the local police station have continuously been patrolling the neighbourhoods.\" The home minister added, \"A total of 2,542 new posts have been sanctioned to strengthen the police force. A recruitment drive for the newly approved posts is going on. Once it is over, more manpower will be available.\"IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh, however, feels that closing chowkies is not a good sign for the city. \"Chowkies should be notified and specific staff should be sanctioned for them so that the government does not have to close them down for manpower shortage.\"A home department official said, \"The department is not only filling up vacancies in cities, but also in the rest of the state. Last year, it started the biggest ever recruitment drive to fill 17,000 posts in the constabulary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12310792", "title": "Refused Rs 2 for kulfi, 10-yr-old hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Venkatesh Kamble had never imagined that denying 2 to his daughter for having kulfi would rob him off his happiness. Puja, Kamble's 10-year-old daughter, was so peeved that she used her skipping rope to hang herself at their Trisharan Nagar residence on Saturday afternoon.Venkatesh said Puja was her teachers' favourite at the Saibaba High School at Khamla. \"She was an enterprising girl, was obedient and far from any mischief. I had never expected Puja to take such an extreme step or even mentioned about ending life. There were no visible signs that caused any suspicion or concern,\" Venkatesh, an autorickshaw driver, said.Venkatesh said after some disciplining talk he later agreed to give her 3 for kulfi. He wanted to discourage her to have the sweet in the early summer heat lest she falls sick. Puja, eldest among three sisters, wanted to have kulfi after returning from school at 2pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12311086", "title": "Two headless bodies found in single day in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's becoming a horrifyingly frequent occurrence in the city. On Saturday, the headless body of an unidentified woman who had been hacked to death was found in a bag dumped near Inderlok metro station in Sarai Rohilla (north Delhi). This is at least the seventh instance of a body being found in a bag in Delhi in the past two years.To add to the mystery, another headless body was found -- this one of a male aged about 40 -- in a wooden box inside an unreserved compartment of the Grand Trunk Express after it reached Chennai. Passengers said they had seen the box all the way from Delhi, but left it alone. Like the woman's body, this one too has tattoo marks, but no connection between the two murders has been established yet.The woman's body found on Saturday was stuffed inside a gunny bag and had been hacked into seven parts. Sources said the victim seemed to be between 22 and 25 years of age. \"There is a tattoo, \"PJ\" above her right wrist. Another tattoo, \"OM SR\", is present on her right hand. She was wearing a green kurta and blue jeans when we found her,\" said a police officer. The police have sent the body for post-mortem to the Sabzi Mandi mortuary. The autopsy report will confirm whether the woman was sexually assaulted.In Delhi, police are yet to find the severed head of the murdered woman. They are searching through missing person reports lodged across police stations in Delhi to discover the identity of the woman. \"If the woman's head is found it will be easier for us to identify her,\" said a police officer.A passerby had informed a police official of an Emergency Response Vehicle (ERV) around 11.30am. The woman's body was found in a \"dirty corner\" at Nala Road near Chapan Bigha in Sarai Rohilla.Meanwhile, the man's body was found in a box of 2.5x2.5x5ft, which was lying unclaimed. Cleaners spotted it around 7.15am and informed the police. The Chennai GRP opened the box and found the body wrapped in a black polythene cover inside the box.Police said the body had injuries on the shoulders, which could have been caused when the head was severed. \"The man appeared to be of fair complexion. The headless body was probably put in the train in Delhi. We have moved the body to the Government General Hospital. The identity of the man is not yet known.We are trying to reach our counterparts in Delhi to see whether the wooden box was sent from Delhi. Next we will look at the CCTV footages from the Delhi station. We will also send photographs of the body to Delhi police,\" said ACP S Ponramu.This is the seventh instance of a body being found inside a bag in the city in the past two years. While some cases have been solved, like the one in Millennium Park in southeast Delhi, in others - like the body found at the Vasant Vihar DDA Park - there has been no progress at all. In the most talked about Neetu Solanki case, the murderer has been identified, but is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312259", "title": "Wait not over for Rajiv Nagar-Nariyal Kheda low floor buses", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuters travelling from Nariyal Kheda and Ayodhya by-pass will have to wait for some more days for low floor connecting Rajiv Nagar to Nariyal Kheda.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) planned to start some ten low-floor buses (SR 3) from Nariyal Kheda to Ayodhya bypass from December. However, the corporation has failed to keep the promise.\"Due to some technical problems, we will not be able to start buses on this route before April this year,\" officials said.There is no low-floor bus running between Nariyal Kheda and Ayodhya bypass so far.\"The new bus SR3 will connect Rajiv Nagar to Nariyal Kheda covering Govindpura industrial area, Prabhat Square, Pulbhogda, Bharat Talkies and Alpana Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12317246", "title": "200 budding cricketers screened for TV show", "text": "PATNA: Over 200 cricketers under the age of 16 and 22 participated in the 'Deadliest cricket captain head hunt show' organized by the Indraprastha All India Sports Foundation (IAISF) at the Moinul Haq Stadium here on Sunday to screen talented cricketers for its 'Cricket Champs' reality show. The first episode will be telecast on April 24.Explaining the format and purpose of the show, former international cricketer Kirti Azad, who was here to watch the 'audition' of participating cricketers, said 120 players each under-16 and under-22 age groups would be selected from 15 places in different parts of the country. The talent of under-16 boys would be honed by experts. The 120 under-22 boys, to be divided into eight teams, will play altogether 45 matches at different venues which may include Patna, he said. The best players would be sent to Kings XI Punjab team for further exposure and training.IAISF chairperson Rohini Rajdev said the Kings XI Punjab team was likely to give a chance to the winner of the reality show in the IPL next year. Twenty-four boys, three from each of the eight teams, would compete for the best captain in the reality show. \"The selected boys will emerge strong personalities after four months' training. The shooting of the first episode will start after the 'audition' round is complete on April 10. There will be altogether eight episodes of the show,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12319869", "title": "Four arms suppliers arrested in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: District police have arrested four members of an arms suppliers' gang from their hideout near Hatia dam on Sunday and recovered a country-made carbine, a rifle and a pistol along with three mobile phones from them.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said he got a tip-off that some arms suppliers were hiding at a place near Hatia dam. \"Immediately, I constituted a team and arrested the four along with weapons,\" said Singh.In another incident, one person died and two other were seriously injured when a truck plunged into a gorge along NH-33 (Ranchi-Jamshedpur).DSP Bundu Naushad Alam said there were 12 people on the truck when it fell into a 30 feet gorge along the highway.The truck was on its way to Jamshedpur from Ranchi.\"All the nine injured, including two serious, have been referred to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences for better treatment,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312380", "title": "Vidarbha jewellers join nationwide stir", "text": "NAGPUR: As many as 65,000 jewellers and artisans from Vidarbha joined the nationwide strike call given by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation to protest against the budget proposal to bring unbranded precious jewellery under the excise duty net and raise customs duty on gold bars and coins.Nitin Khandelwal, director of All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation told TOI that there are around three lakh jewellery shops across the country and the trade is providing bread and butter to around 1 crore people, including jewellers and artisans.The indefinite stir was launched on Saturday across the country, said Khandelwal adding \"We demand the government to roll back the excise duty imposition.\"The Union Budget for 2012-13 has proposed excise duty of 1 % on unbranded precious jewellery and doubling customs duty on standard gold bars, gold coins and platinum to 4% and 1% VAT. He said that now there may be rise in smuggling of gold jewellery now.Endorsing Khandelwal, about the increase in customs duty for the sector, Nitin Sathe, owner of city-based jeweller shop said after the duty was raised to 2 % some two months back. \"Now, cost of jewelleries in India will increase more compare to international markets,\" said Sathe.He also ridiculed the government's decision to impose Tax College at Source on cash sale of bullion and jewellery. The government has proposed to impose TCS on cash sale of jewellery of Rs 2 lakh and above. Sathe explained that besides value-added tax, customers would also have to pay service tax. Those buying ornaments worth above Rs2 lakh would have to shell out for tax collected at source too.\"Raising the duty further to 4% will encourage smuggling even more,\" rued Khandelwal. He explained that currently India imports 970ml tons of gold a year. But now it will come down between 400 and 600ml tons and remaining 400ml tons will be imported illegally.\"This industry is not organized and involves thousands of small jewellers for whom it will be difficult to comply with the provision,\" said secretary of Nagpur Sarafa Bazaar Association, Rajkumar Gupta.Goldsmiths like Bimal Das, who are already being paid less, are worried that the orders would now drop further. The exemption of branded silver jewellery from excise duty would not have much impact as Nagpur does not have much branded items. Meanwhile, the Budget announcement had left many customers worried over the volume of price hike of the precious yellow metal, which is already out of reach for many.For customers, the proposal would mean at least 7 or 8% increase in prices with immediate effect. Jewellers say ornaments may now cost 8% more (a minimum of Rs 2,400 per 10 gm). \"We don't have a choice other than to participate in the nationwide bandh to show our protest,\" said Gupta.\"I came here to buy gold bangles for my daughter's marriage. We are already on a shoestring budget and I have to restrict the purchase,\" said Meena Deshpande. Like Deshpande, many parents whose daughters or sons are getting married this summer are worried about rise in prices of yellow metal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311517", "title": "... And the Ludhiana celebrates", "text": "LUDHIANA: ''If we can't be around Sachin Tendulkar , we will make do with his statue,'' seemed to be what the master blaster's fans in Ludhiana were saying as they thronged Shekhar Wax Museum on Saturday to party with Sachin's statue. Artist Chander Shekhar Prabhakar, who owns the museum and makes the statues, was kept busy throughout Saturday as fans approached him to lend the wax statue of Sachin so that they could click pictures and celebrate around it.''There is a rush of people who are coming to see the statue and getting themselves clicked with it. On Saturday, a group of 11 students from Nasari University, Gujarat, also came here,'' said Prabhakar, who is also a fan of Sachin.Among those who celebrated with the statue was a group of six friends - Sarthak Dutt of Rishi Nagar, Yuvraj Grover of Tagore Nagar, Anmol Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, Rohit Wadhwa of Subhani Building, Mehul Kumar of Rishi Nagar and Gurarpan Sekhon of Maharaj Nagar. They organized a mini party and enjoyed themselves while the statue stood beside them.''Sachin is our favourite and we had been waiting for this moment match after match. When it finally came on Friday, all of us decided to celebrate the moment at the museum,'' said Sarthak.Gurmeet Singh, a 26-year-old banker had visited the museum with his wife Jagdeep Kaur and sister in-law Hardeep. ''I came to know of this museum from a friend who told me that it has statues of cricketers as well. So I decided to visit it. We clicked a lot of pictures with our cricket star's statue even though we can't have the real Sachin with us at this time,'' he said.- vaivasvat.venkat@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310369", "title": "Soon, police outposts at main water reservoirs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police outposts have been proposed at the Osmansagar and Himayatsagar lakes on the lines of the one already in place at Hussainsagar to prevent illegal activities.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has come up with this solution to check pollution of water bodies following a National Environment Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) report calling for an increased vigil at the city's two main water sources.\"Neeri states in its report that, in view of uncontrolled activities, the water quality in Osmansagar and Himayatsagar lakes has deteriorated substantially. We have held meetings with the Rangareddy district administration and the Panchayat Raj department to discuss the measures to be taken to protect the water sources from pollution,\" a senior HMWSS&B; official told STOI.The official added that the water board has already sent a proposal to the Rangareddy district administration in this regard. Although the water board has its own vigilance team, made up of a few police personnel, it visits the reservoirs only upon specific complaints of 'illegal' activities reaching them through locals.For instance, although there is a ban on fishing, bathing and washing clothes in these water bodies, local fishermen and others fish in these reservoirs. \"Although we have booked several offenders, these activities continue,\" the official added.\"We need round-the-clock patrolling of the shores of Osmansagar and Himayatsagar lakes. Police can then crack down against locals for polluting these man-made lakes with fertilizers and other chemicals,\" he said.On weekends, moreover, there is a huge turnout of picnickers who fish and bathe in the reservoir waters. \"Water board police cannot control these picknickers. So, we came up with the idea of a permanent police outpost. If all goes well, the police outpost will be in place by March-end,\" the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310458", "title": "3 die as van rams into bus", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons died and two others suffered injuries when a Maruti Omni rammed into an Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation ( APSRTC) bus at Shamshabad in the wee hours of Saturday.At around 5 am, the Omni, which was on its way to the city from Bellary in Karnataka, rammed into the bus stationed near the Shapoor bus stand, the Cyberabad police said. Due to the impact, interior decorator Srilakshmi, 32, and her helper Rama Krishna, 32, died on the spot, while their driver Basha, 25, died on way to hospital, police added.Two other passengers, Raghavendra and Hanumanthu, who suffered injuries in the incident are said to be out of danger. They were undergoing treatment at a private hospital at Shamshabad, the Cyberabad police said.\"Basha may have dozed off while driving the vehicle and rammed into the bus,\" Shamshabad sub-inspector B Ravi Kumar said. Police said the Omni occupants were from Bellary in Karnataka and they were into interior decoration at function halls.\"Srilakshmi, who was the supervisor, was engaged by a family in Hyderabad for doing interiors. She along with her assistants was on her way to take up the task when the accident happened,\" Ravi Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311646", "title": "Auto-rickshaws ferrying school children under scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of increasing number of accidents involving auto-rickshaws ferrying school students, Chandigarh Police have conducted a comprehensive survey. Traffic inspectors have been given the duty to compile data regarding number of auto-rickshaws plying in their areas and details regarding drivers and number of students using this mode of transport. We want to maintain a proper record of school kids using auto-rickshaws. This would help us to keep a tab on the violations and accidents involving these vehicles. The survey is almost complete and we would make our further strategy on this basis, Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (traffic).Besides, couple of weeks back, police have also launched a special campaign to challan the errant auto-rickshaw drivers. This has resulted in a startling rise in the registered number of offences this year. In 2012, 116 auto-rickshaws have already been challaned for overloading (from January 1 to March 8) whereas this number was only four during the corresponding period, last year.Also, the number of impounded auto-rickshaws (during the same period) has also seen a jump of over 800%. This year, 247 vehicles have been impounded whereas last year it was only 27.Recently, nearly half-a-dozen accidents involving school auto-rickshaws were reported in Chandigarh. In one such incident, a nine-year-old girl had also lost her life.Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh Police, told TOI, An auto-rickshaw driver has a big responsibly and in many cases they were flouting one or the other traffic norm. Therefore, we have launched a special campaign to challan auto-rickshaw drivers. Kumar said overloading by auto-rickshaw drivers is one of the major problems.Chandigarh Police have also challaned 174 school buses in 2012 (till March 15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310600", "title": "\u2018Meagre\u2019 hike in tobacco duty irks activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Smokers may not agree, but anti-tobacco activists are livid with the marginal hike in the excise duty levied on cigarettes and bidis.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had announced a hike in excise duty that would result in consumers paying more for cigarettes and bidis.Tata Memorial Hospital's Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, who is associated with the Smoke Free Mumbai initiative, said the hike is too marginal to stop smokers from purchasing the \"cancer stick\". He said, \"We had met parliamentarians and were promised higher taxes in keeping with the WHO norms.\" The WHO-Framework Convention on Tobacco Control laid down increasing tobacco taxes to 70% of retail prices. \"However, in India, the levy is still much less,'' said Dr Chaturvedi.Dr P C Gupta of Healis, an NGO, said that the hike was ridiculous. \"The immediate result was that tobacco giant ITC's stock rose after the Budget while the market went down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312148", "title": "Load off students as main papers over", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of class X were all smiles as they came out of examination hall on Saturday even as their Social Science exam was bit lengthy. As all their major papers are over, they now just have to appear for their Gujarati paper on Monday.Most students were already in 'exam over' mood as all tough exams are over and the best part being all were easy and students are optimistic of scoring good percentage. Some have even started planning for their vacation and list is long one.Says Sipra Engineer, a class X student, \"I have done nothing in past one year and on Monday I'll be a totally free bird. I am all set to go to my sister's house where I will just relax for a month\" Another class X student, Harsh Patel has already jotted down the list of movies he had missed due to exams. He says, \"On Monday immediately after my exam, I will go to video library to get all movies.\"For Aishwarya Menon, another student, long wait for reading books will be over on Monday. \"I had got seven horror books, but couldn't read them due to exams. Now I'll read them,\" she said.On Saturday, class X students appeared for their Social Science paper. As per the students, some of the MCQs were twisted, while paper turned lengthy as most of long questions were with a weightage of mere two marks. Social Science teacher Jaya Kapale says, \"It was an easy and scoring paper. Some found it lengthy, but then managed to complete on time. Most of them were happy about map question.\" While, Deepak Parikh, class X student was upset because he failed to attempt 4-5 MCQs with confusing options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12311731", "title": "Miscreants vandalize tabloid office; 5 arrested", "text": "MANGALORE: Six miscreants ransacked the office of Karavali Marutha, a fortnightly, on KS Rao Road here on Saturday.The activists were unhappy with a news report carried in the fortnightly's latest edition on possibilities of Sharath Padil, a SRS activist and a group of Sri Rama Sene cadre, quitting the organization and its possible ramifications for the organization.Sudesh Kumar, editor of Karavali Marutha, told STOI that while four of the miscreants entered the office, two of them stayed outside The activists, who entered the office, damaged a computer, printer and scanner, Sudesh said, adding one of the members who damaged the thick-tinted glass pane of the main door sustained severe injuries to his arm.Sudesh said one of his his sub-editors had received a call warning them of the attack, just minutes before it took place.Vinay Gaonkar, Inspector, Mangalore North police station, said based on the description of the attackers and their photographs, they have detained five persons for questioning. A police case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12311365", "title": "Nursing colleges observe 'bandh' against raid", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: More than 200 nursing colleges remained closed in the state on Saturday in protest against the raid conducted by ACB on 48 of them as they alleged that it was a deliberate effort to malign the image of private nursing colleges.The Rajasthan Private Nursing Schools Federation (RPNSF) claimed that all the nursing colleges linked to Indian Nursing Council (INC) remained closed.RPNSF refuted the charges leveled against them. RPNSF secretary Jitendra Godara said: \"The news of raids has spread across the country. It will certainly hurt the image of nursing colleges of Rajasthan. Earlier, the pass-out students of these colleges get job easily because of their good image.\"Also, the federation said the nursing colleges which have state government's NOC and the recognition of Indian Nursing Council (INC) were raided. No action was taken against 1,500 nursing colleges which are operating without state government's NOC and the recognition of INC.Questioning the intentions behind these raids, Godara said there are over 1,500 illegally running nursing colleges in the state, which have no infrastructure at all and are associates of the nursing institutions in southern states. \"But they have never been raided. Instead, the legally running 200 colleges with NOC from the state government and permission from the Indian Nursing Council (INC) were being targeted,\" Godara said.\"If there are bodies like Rajasthan University of Health Sciences, Medical Council of India, Indian Nursing Council and Rajasthan Nursing Council to deal with the irregularities in the nursing colleges, there was no need of ACB raids on the colleges,\" he added.The federation claimed that the irregularities or the flaw in the nursing schools could be like improper infrastructure or lack of staff. Even the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences was operating from rented MLA quarters opposite Sawai Man Singh hospital in Jaipur, before a proper building was constructed.\"In fact, colleges having its own land and building were targeted which suggest that it was completely a biased action. We will take up the issue to the chief minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12314645", "title": "Chided by dad, Lucknow teen kills self", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 17-year-old boy allegedly committed suicide after being scolded by his father over studies in Talkatora area here, police sources said.Deepanshu Upadhyaya hanged himself from the ceiling at his Rajajipuram colony residence after receiving a scolding from his father Vijay Kumar , they said.He was a class 11 student at a private school in the city, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315329", "title": "Release 2 Italian tourists on humanitarian ground, Orissa CM to Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Condemning the kidnapping of two Italian tourists, Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday urged the Maoists to release the tourists on humanitarian ground.According to Times Now along with two Italian nationals, two Indians were also abducted, but were released later. Top Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda reportedly is behind this abduction, who may be trying to reaffirm his position through this abduction.In an audio tape, Panda has asked the government to agree to the 14 point demand charter or face consequences.Meanwhile, the India authorities are in touch with Italian embassy to facilitate assistance in connection with the kidnapping.The ministry of external affairs contacted Italy after the abduction that took place last night, the sources said.Odisha's director general of police Manmohan Praharaj said, \"There is information about abduction of two persons by Maoists in Kandhamal district. Further details are awaited.\"State home secretary U N Behera said the abduction took place last night.Kandhamal district collector R P Patil said the incident was believed to have taken place in the bordering area of Kandhamal and Ganjam districts and the situation was being closely monitored though no detailed information was available immediately.A senior police officer said the foreigners, who had visited the area on March 12 along with two others from Puri, were identified as Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo.-with inputs from PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311136", "title": "Four vehicles stolen in city", "text": "A car worth Rs 6 lakh was stolen after a person drugged its driver. Santosh Chavan of Bhandup, Mumbai, said that an unidentified person hired his car and on Wednesday, the person and Chavan, who was driving the car, had dinner and cold drinks at a hotel. Chavan alleged that the person with him spiked his drink and escaped with his car. Also, a bike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen from the parking lot of Kalidas Kalamandir on March 13. Devshish Daryani has registered a complaint with the Upnagar police in the case. Ajay Upadhyay's bike worth Rs 8,000 was stolen from the Gangapur Road area on March 12. A bike worth Rs 40,000 was also stolen from the Pathardi Phata area on March 10.Couple robbed of gold: A couple was allegedly robbed of Rs 1.40 lakh by three persons after they picked up an argument with them. According to a complaint lodged by Narayan Shankar Dusane (35), resident of Saundane, Malegaon, on March 16 accused Jeebhau Sonawane, Ramdas Sonawane and Lalit Bhamre picked up an argument with the complainant near the Adgaon crematorium on the Mumbai-Agra Highway. During the scuffle, the accused roughed up Dusane and his wife and escaped with the gold chains worth Rs 1.40 lakh that they were wearing. The Adgaon police are investigating the case.Laptop stolen on bus: Sandesh Karandikar has lodged a complaint with the Sarkarwada police claiming that his laptop was stolen on March 12, from an MSRTC bus after he kept the bag containing the laptop on the rack above his seat. Karandikar said he boarded a bus for Pune between 10.30-11pm from Thakkar Bazaar bus stand and had kept his laptop bag above his seat, from where it was stolen.Jewellery stolen: Jewellery worth Rs 35,000 was stolen from a locked house in Bhadrakali. Anil Kulkarni lodged a complaint that burglars broke open the lock of his house and stole gold and silver jewellery.Chain-snatching: A gold chain worth Rs 60,000 has been reported snatched from the Canada Corner area of the city by one Priya Kulkarni (37). According to reports, Priya Kulkarni (37) resident of Shivam Appartment, Trimurti Chowk, Cidco, she and her husband had been to Canada Corner to visit her brother-in-law on March 16. After having dinner at the place of her brother-in-law, Kulkarni and her husband left for a walk. At around 10 pm, near Canada Corner, two persons on a motorcycle (MH 15 DH 5658) came in front of them from the opposite direction and snatched the gold chain worth Rs 60,000 she was wearing. The Sarkarwada police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12320163", "title": "Three ministers' portfolios allocated in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur PCC president Gaikhangam has been given the portfolio of home, a challenging post held by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh for the last ten years, even as legislature wing leaders off all opposition parties were elected.A day after third-time chief minister Ibobi expanded his cabinet with the induction of three ministers including Gaikhangam, portfolios were allocated to them on Saturday.While Th Debendra has been given the law and legislative affairs and the general administrative department (GAD), Phungzathang Tonsing has been given the charge of health and family welfare.In view of the grave law and order problems in Manipur, Gaikhangam would face a challenging task with the home charge being given to him, said political analysts. Gaikhangam won from the remote Nungba constituency in Tamenglong district.Of the over 50 underground organizations operating in Manipur, nearly 20 Kuki outfits are under a suspension of operations agreement with the government. The chief minister appealed to the remaining groups to come forward for a political dialogue to bring a permanent solution.Ibobi is currently in charge of all other portfolios not given to any other ministers, official sources said.On Friday, the CM said further expansion of his ministry to the complete size of twelve would be made in phase manner very soon.Ahead of the tenth assembly session's first session scheduled to begin on Monday, legislature wing leaders of all opposition parties have been elected, with the latest being finalized for the Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Sunday.A special meeting of TMC legislatures convened on Sunday unanimously elected I Ibohalbi Singh as the party's legislature wing leader, vice president of Manipur unit TC Sougaijam Priyokumar Singh told this reporter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nandigram", "code": "12312784", "title": "Seth arrest brings relief to victims' kin", "text": "NANDIGRAM: The news of Lakshman Seth's arrest brought back the petrifying memory of the fateful day when CPM harmads allegedly opened fire on a Trinamool rally marching from Sonachura to Maheshpur. But the news simultaneously transpired a sense of justice among the victims' kin, who refused to settle for nothing less than death sentence for the accused.\"At last we have got justice. We demand that he (Seth) be sentenced to death,\" said petitioner Krishna Majhi, whose husband went missing on November 10, 2007, along with five other Trinamool workers. Accusing Lakshman Seth of masterminding the firing, wives of the six missing filed a Habeas Corpus petition in Calcutta high court in September last year. The court ordered a CID inquiry into the firing. The six petitioners, who still dress as married women , now want to hear from Seth where their husbands are.Bhagirath Maity, Satyen Goal and Balaram Singh from Sathkhali, Subal Majhi and Narayan Das from Sunachura and Aditya Bera of Gokulnagar went missing on the day of the firing, the last day of Operation Suryodoy. Barring Bera, the rest were in the procession. The CID inquiry has found that the six men were killed by CPM harmads and their bodies were drowned in the Bay of Bengal.Balaram Singh's uncle Rabindra, an eyewitness to the firing, recalled seeing his nephew lying on the banks of a pond from where harmads lifted him onto a van. Balaram's wife Kalyani said she and her son, now aged 11, have been hard-pressed ever since her husband went missing. \"He was the sole breadwinner and my son and I have been in financial doldrums since then. We want harsh punishment for Lakshman Seth,\" she roared.Satyen Goal's wife Durgarani said she was \"very happy\" to hear the news of Seth's arrest. \"We hope the truth will come to the fore now and Lakshman Seth's involvement in masterminding will be revealed in the investigation,\" she said.Sushama Maity, wife of Bhagirath Maity, recalled that for many months after the incident, she couldn't answer her children's constant questions about their father's whereabouts. \"I want to ask Lakshman Seth that question now and expect him to tell me what happened to my husband and where he is now,\" she lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312102", "title": "Only 50% teachers report for assessment duty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has started 390 assessment centers all over the state for the teachers to assess the answer sheets of SSC and HSC science and general stream students. The centers were started on Wednesday where 30 centers for HSC (science), 120 HSC (general) and 240 SSC centers have been opened. Mere 50 per cent teachers who have been given orders for assessment duty reported at the centers till Saturday.The poor show of teachers at the assessment centers has once raised the possibility of worst fears of board officials coming true. GSHSEB has been battling with the non-show of a big per cent of teachers given orders for assessment duty leading to overburdening and delay in declaration of result. This year, board officials had asked school managements to furnish complete details of subject teachers complete with their pictures to ensure that schools do not get away saying that the teacher no longer works for the school and hence cannot report for duty.On Saturday, officials tried to sound optimistic. \"We are hopeful that all teachers will report for duty by March 19. There is a possibility that many teachers have been given dual duty of supervision and squad work during the ongoing exams and could not report for assessment work,\" said GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani.Officials said that a review will be continuously held to ensure that there is no scarcity of teachers for assessment. Meanwhile, sources said that many non-granted schools have sent feedback that the subject teachers have tendered resignations. There are also reports of board sending orders to Math teachers to correct Physics paper by mistake.English medium school teachers continued with their trend to shirk assessment work as only two of eighteen teachers sent orders reported for duty to assess Chemistry papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12319890", "title": "Assamese beauties vie for Miss India crown", "text": "GUWAHATI: She is svelte, petite, tall, and hails from one of the most illustrious families in Assam, and now is all set to conquer India through her grace and beauty on March 30. Himakshi Agarwala, daughter of Arup and Mukul Agarwalla and grand-niece of the renaissance man of Assam Rupkonwar Jyoti Prasad Agarwalla, is one of the finalists at the Pantaloons Femina Miss India. The final ten are selected through many tough and challenging rounds selected by the best in the business, and Himakshi will also be competing against Sukalpa Das, another girl from Assam competing for the coveted tiara.Born and brought up in Tezpur, Himakshi has always been inclined towards fashion, art and designing. According to her father Arup Agarwalla, she was always upfront about her goals and ambitions.Himakshi was a student of Darrang College when she developed an interest in fashion, modelling and designing. In 2008, she took part in a modelling contest and was judged as the model with the best catwalk. In 2010, she took part in Miss Seven Sisters, where she was adjudged the first runner-up, wining Rs 50,000. This year, she won the Pantaloon Femina Miss India East and got a direct entry into the prestigious competition.The desire to take part in a competition of such stature does have its share of difficulties. And beauty pageants are considered to be quite demanding with particular attires and grooming sessions. \"At first the challenges were overwhelming, but we managed just fine. Since it is an individual event, the expenses are much more and with some help from her sisters and from the family we took care of it,\" Himakshi's father said.Loni Agarwala, a relative of Himakshi, said: \"I wish her all the best and I pray that she wins the award and brings glory to Assam. We are proud of her and want her to win,' said.Apart from her supportive parents and family, Himakshi's former mentor and stylist Sandeep Cherian is also optimistic that she will be in the top three. Cherian met her in 2008 during a model talent and later trained her at his fashion training institute. \"Not only Himakshi, but Sukalpa also has the traits to be in the final three. Apart from their grace and beauty, the two girls have excellent oratory skills are very strong willed and well tuned with all topics,\" said Cherian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310671", "title": "Tax: Jewellers down shutters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Important jewellery markets were closed on Saturday to protest the increase proposed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the excise and customs duties. The three-day strike was called by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation on Friday.\"The 2% increase in the customs duty will affect our business,\" said Ravi Jalan of the Bullion Merchants Association. Jewellers will come under the excise net for the first time. \"This will put a lot of burden on the customers,\" said Pawan Jalani of the Sadar Bazaar Jewellers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311648", "title": "Swim proves fatal for Maharashtra tourist", "text": "Thirty-one year old tourist from Maharashtra died due to drowning on Saturday afternoon while swimming off the Anjuna beach. Ashish Pratape, a resident of Latur, was holidaying in Goa along with three of his friends. The four friends had lunch at a shack on Anjuna beach on Saturday afternoon.At around 3pm, Pratape headed with another friend for a swim. Within minutes, the two friends found themselves in deep waters and realized that they were unable to swim to safety. The two other friends, who were on the shore, noticed that Pratape was in trouble along with their other friend. They immediately alerted life guards. While one was brought to the shore safely by the life guards, Pratape is said to have died before he could be pulled to the shore. The tourist was shifted to the Candolim primary health centre for treatment but was declared brought dead.PSI Diago Gracias conducted the panchanama and sent the body for post-mortem.Animals available for auction: Surplus and uneconomical animals (Murrah red Sindhi, gir, cross bred sahiwal) will be auctioned at the government livestock farm, Dhat-Mollem, on March 21 from 10.30am to 12 noon; and at the cattle breeding farm in Copardem-Sattari from 3pm to 5pm. Farmers may inspect the animals on any working day, except Sunday, from 9am to 11am and 2.30pm to 5pm.Last date for paying phone bills extended: As the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited delayed in issuing the February 2012 telephone bills due to technical reasons, the last date for payment of the bills has been extended up to March 20, states a press note issued by the Press Information Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12311392", "title": "2 CPM MLAs booked for poll code violation", "text": "KOCHI: Two CPM MLAs were booked for violating the model code of conduct at Piravom, which witnessed a peaceful voting on Saturday. Police said MLAs K Suresh Kurup and Koliyakkode N Krishnan Nair were booked based on a complaint.According to section 126 of People's Representation Act, those who are not voters of constituency can't enter the polling booths for the 48 hours starting from the end of public campiagn. The police can arrest and remove outsiders present in the constituency during the period between the end of the public campaign and completion of the election. The case would be transferred to the court soon.\"Cases were registered against two MLAs for entering the premises of polling booths in Koothattukulam. According to section 126 of people's representation act, even the MLAs can't enter the premises of polling booths if they are not the residents of the area or the representatives of people in the area,\" said M N Ramesh, DySP, Muvattupuzha. '' Barring this, no law and order issues were reported from any part of the constituency,'' he said.The UDF has filed complaint before the Election Commission that four persons who are not voters in 37th booth of Mulanthuruthy tried to cast their vote. An electoral officer in 108th booth at Pazhoor collapsed, but recovered soon.A police force led by Superintendent of Police and three DySPs had been deployed in Piravom to ensure free and smooth electioneering. The team comprised 127 circle inspectors, 158 sub-inspectors, and 934 civil police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12311772", "title": "Out of power, Mayawati\u2019s pet babu seeks green solace", "text": "LUCKNOW: From an unopposed election of its president to the controversial nomination of a person for the post of secretary, the election of office-bearers at city's most coveted club, the Golf Club, is all set for a photo-finish on Sunday.The club, otherwise meant for keen golfers, has been in spotlight for the fight for supremacy between two thriving factions -- one from the state bureaucracy and the other from the business class .On Sunday, senior bureaucrat Navneet Sehgal -- shunted out of CM's Secretariat following change of regime -- is all set to take over the reins of the club as its president following withdrawal of candidature by a much senior IAS officer, Desh Deepak Verma. Sehgal confirmed to TOI that he has already been elected.But it is the nomination of Devesh Rastogi for the post of secretary, that has come as a surprise for the club members. Having occupied the chair for two consecutive terms of two years, Rastogi had filed nomination for the third time in gross violation of the club by-laws that stipulate only two terms for a person. Rastogi had been elected as club's secretary in 2007 and in 2009.Contacted, Devesh said that in 2009, litigation over inclusion of members done previously had also challenged the constitution of the managing committee which was dismantled.\"As the same committee was functioning since 2007, there has been just one election for me. Technically, I'm contesting the election for the second time only,\"' Rastogi clarified. He alleged that the litigation was done at the behest of senior advocate Prashant Chandra. Chandra, on the other hand, shrugged off the charge saying that the order was vacated within a couple of months and hence the committee was working. \"Rastogi was the secretary in 2007 and in 2009. Going by the by-laws, one can hold a post for a tenure of two years each, i.e., a total of four years. But Rastogi has been there for six years. How can that be overlooked?'' he asked.\"Can someone tell me why Rastogi is keen to contest for the third consecutive time. Is there something fishy about the whole thing?'' Chandra queried. The ongoing battle of words, litigation and cross-litigation has taken its toll on the members of this prestigious club who feel disgusted over the turn of events. \"This club was meant for golfers and not for socializing of people with unscrupulous intentions,\"' said a member. Members whom TOI spoke, said that as per the rules, it is the captain of the club who should decide as to who should be given membership. Ideally, the captain should watch a golfer play the game and decide on the parameter, technically termed as 'handicap'.\"If a person knows the game to the satisfaction of the captain, only then a temporary membership should be awarded. However, this is a rarity these days. One can get a membership on own sweet will...it is increasingly becoming ridiculous,'' said a member.\"It should be the spirit of the club that promotes the game which should be kept in mind. Let the players prosper and their children learn the skills of the game,'' a member opined.Currently, about 1,400 members of the club are vouching to go by one or the other candidate. In fact, the aspiring candidates have been organizing parties and dinners for the members in other clubs and even their homes to garner their \"precious\" votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kabul , afghanistan", "code": "12311132", "title": "US sent detainees to banned Afghanistan prisons: Report", "text": "KABUL , Afghanistan: A report released on Saturday by two rights groups says the US sent some detainees to Afghan prisons where torture was found despite an announced moratorium on such moves.The report by the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission and the New York-based Open Society Institute suggests that Afghanistan's international allies are still failing to ensure that people captured on the battlefield are treated humanely despite a massive reform program in recent months.Nato forces regularly hand Afghans that they have captured over to Afghan authorities after they have decided that the detainees are no longer an immediate threat. But the coalition stopped such transfers to 16 Afghan detention facilities shortly before a U.N. report was issued in September that found evidence of torture at those prisons.The report documents 11 \"recent, credible cases'' in which detainees said they were captured by U.S. personnel, then transferred to an Afghan facility in Kandahar where U.N. investigators had found evidence of torture.The transfers happened after July, when Nato and U.S. forces stopped sending detainees to the facility because of torture concerns, the report said.U.S. military officials could not immediately be reached for comment, but are cited in the report as saying that there are no Nato or US military forces transferring detainees to the facility, which is operated by the National Directorate of Security, or NDS _ the Afghan intelligence service.\"There is compelling evidence that at least some U.S. forces or personnel continue to transfer individuals to NDS Kandahar despite not only a widely acknowledged risk of torture but also evidence that detainees transferred to NDS Kandahar by U.S. forces have been subjected to torture,'' according to the report.Interviews with detainees and U.S. responses to queries suggest that \"there may be US forces or personnel, perhaps including CIA or other US intelligence officials,'' operating outside of these commands and who have detained people and sent them to the supposedly banned facilities, the report said.A US embassy spokesman said that American officials had not yet received a copy of the report.\"We have not seen the report, and so can't comment,'' spokesman Gavin Sundwall said.The report, which also details abuse at nine Afghan intelligence service facilities and \"several'' prisons operated by the Afghan police - was based on interviews with more than 100 detainees between February 2011 and January 2012, along with interviews with lawyers, legal aid workers, detention facility officials and government representatives, the authors said.The UN report issued in September found evidence of torture at 16 Afghan detention facilities.Since then, Nato has started an intensive program of inspections and trainings at the flagged prisons, and has resumed prisoner transfers to 12 of the facilities that it says have instituted reforms. The Kandahar facility is one of the four that have not been approved to resume transfers.Nato officials have said that Afghan authorities at first rejected any accusations of abuse but have since worked with Nato on the reforms.Saturday's report, called \"Torture, Transfers, and Denial of Due Process,'' names a number of facilities that were not flagged in the United Nations report. But the facility that receives the most criticism is the NDS Kandahar facility, where the report say there has also been recent evidence of beatings and being shocked with electric cables.\"Monitors received 10 credible allegations of abuse in NDS Kandahar as recently as January 2012,'' the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312207", "title": "Azam Khan to take oath again today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan on Saturday returned facilities extended to him as a cabinet minister as he would take the oath of office and secrecy again a day later. He was forced to do so after a Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) pointed out that Khan had taken the oath of secrecy and skipped that of office earlier on March 15.Lawyer Shankar Jain PIL's before the Allahabad High Court's Lucknow bench on Friday said his earlier oath was incomplete and raised questions over his position as a minister. The court studied the ceremony's footage, found the questions raised valid and posted the hearing in the case on March 20.Experts said senior party leaders should have noticed the mistake and asked Khan to take the oath properly. In fact, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had noticed it once and asked Khan to take the oath again.'Azam Khan skipped first part of oath, moved to second part'But he again skipped the paragraph containing the oath of office.Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary refused to comment. But sources said it was a technical lapse that has embarrassed the party leadership.Constitutional expert C B Pandey said the oath of office has to be taken first followed by that of secrecy. Khan skipped the first part and moved to the second.The constitution's Section 164 empowers the governor to stop a minister from assuming the office until he has taken the oath properly. This has forced Khan to take the oath again.Khan's move has raised questions over the validity of decisions that the state cabinet had taken recently. The cabinet had cleared proposals that included distribution of laptops and tablet PCs among students and unemployment allowance to people above 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311639", "title": "183 caught in UP Board exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 183 candidates -- 119 boys and 64 girls -- were caught using unfair means on the second day of UP Board examinations from 18 divisions. Besides, 15 invigilators were changed at different examination centres in four. Of these, 12 were from Varanasi while remaining three were from Mirzapur and Aligarh.The board officials also shifted two centre superintendants and lodged FIR against one of them in Aligarh.Among the cases of use of unfair means in examination, Jhansi led the table with 28 candidates including 16 boys and 12 girls followed by Aligarh with 25 including 18 boys and 7 girls.In Azamgarh, 19 students were caught using unfair means, Of these 17 were girls. In Gorakhpur ,17 candidates were caught using unfair means while 16 were caught in Kanpur.On Saturday, intermediate students appeared in home science first paper in the morning shift and those opting for foreign languages including Pali, Arabic, Persian appeared in the examination in the afternoon shift.On the other hand, high school students appeared in instrumental music paper in the morning shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12319953", "title": "Swamy plea to people for fighting corruption", "text": "RANCHI: Former Union minister and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Sunday exhorted the people of Jharkhand to launch a crusade against corruption as they did at time of Jai Prakash movement in 1970s to remove the Congress government at the Centre.\"I still remember those days when people of undivided Bihar took active part in the movement and brought change at the Centre. I firmly believe that people of Jharkhand can once again play an important role in bringing change at the Centre and fight against corruption,\" Swamy said while addressing the Jan Chetna Rally organized on the assembly ground. Veteran BJP leaders like K N Govindacharya and former MLA Saryu Rai, who was instrumental in unearthing the multi-crore fodder scam of Bihar in 1990s, were present at the rally. Two former chief ministers of Bihar Lalu Prasad and Jaggannath Mishra are main accused in the fodder scam.Attacking the UPA government at the Centre, the Janata Party leader alleged that all the top leaders were involved in corrupt practices. \"Whenever there is an attempt to bring back the black money stashed in foreign banks, the Congress leaders start giving excuses because they will be in trouble. It is they who will suffer the most because the money belongs to them,\" he said. He further alleged that the UPA government was not taking a strict stand against those involved in 2G Spectrum scam. \"I know that till the time they are not pressured by the court, they will not take any action against the corrupt people,\" said Swamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310817", "title": "Will inform Tamil Nadu on Lankan VIP visits: PM tells Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Conceding to requests from Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has assured that information about private visits by Sri Lankan VIPs and other dignitaries to Tami Nadu would be shared with the state government in advance.\"I am asking our authorities to bear your views in mind when they handle such visits in future and to share such information as they may have with the government of Tamil Nadu beforehand,\" the PM said in a letter to Jayalalithaa dated March 11.His letter came in response to Jayalalithaa's letter on March 7, requesting the Centre to discourage frequent visits by Lankan VIPs and allow visits only after consulting her government. Jayalalithaa said people of Tamil Nadu were greatly exercised over the conduct of the Sri Lankan government while dealing with the Tamils in the island nation and their rights.She said the local perception is that the Lankan government has completely failed in ensuring the local Tamils' right to live with dignity, self-respect and equal constitutional status on a par with the Sinhalese. There have been instances in the recent past when Lankan VIPs and other dignitaries come on private visits to Tamil Nadu without informing the state government, Jayalalithaa said in her letter. She cited a recent case in which there was an attempt to attack Thirukumaran Nadesan, brother-in-law of the Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, at Rameswaram.In another letter on Saturday, the chief minister, expressing concern over the alleged frequent attacks on Indian fishermen by the Sri Lankan navy and miscreants in the Palk Bay, urged the PM to take up the issue with Colombo immediately so as to ensure that no such brutal incidents occur in mid-sea again.Jayalalithaa said she was pained to point out that the issue of attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen was not being treated as a national issue and no serious action was initiated. The consistent policy of the AIADMK-led state government was to restore the fishing rights of the Indian fishermen in their traditional fishing areas in the Palk Bay waters, where they have been traditionally fishing from time immemorial, she said.Recalling a recent instance, when petrol bombs were hurled at the fishermen from Rameswaram, causing their boat to sink, the CM said the incidents of harassment of Tamil Nadu fishermen continue unabated despite assurances by the Lanka government that they would not be harassed. \"The continued harassment proves that the government of Sri Lanka has not taken serious measures to curb the incidents of violence against Tamil fishermen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311320", "title": "Charanjit Singh Atwal takes oath as pro tem speaker", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Charanjit Singh Atwal took oath as pro tem speaker of Punjab assembly on Saturday. Punjab governor Shivraj Patil administered the oath of office and secrecy to Atwal.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and senior political leaders from the state, besides senior civil and police officers, were present at the brief ceremony held at Punjab Raj Bhavan.Atwal, a former deputy speaker of Lok Sabha , is the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal MLA from Payal (SC) constituency. He was considered the \"natural choice\" of the alliance for the post of speaker. Speaker of the outgoing assembly, N S Kahlon, had lost the recently-held assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311859", "title": "After trees, overbridge gets mired in wires", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The construction of the planned over-bridge in Sector 17 would not reach completion anytime soon, as after 60 trees were haphazardly chopped off last Sunday, it is underground electrical wires, which are under UT electrical wings care, have posed another roadblock.The electrical wing has told MC they are not able to deal with the problem alone. The two authorities have decided the MC would construct a trench where the UT wing will shift the wires. The entire process will take at-least four to six months.The UT electrical wing has estimated the shifting process would cost over Rs 1 crore. The underground wires in question supply power to the entire Sector 17 commercial establishment and hence, would be shifted in phases.UT superintending engineer M P Singh said, There are 16 to 17 feeders (cables), including both high tension and low tension cables, linked with Sector 17 power sub-station. We supply power to the entire commercial establishment of Sector 17 through this sub-station.Executive engineer of MCs building and road wing Vishal Gupta said, We will construct the trench along the site while the cables will be shifted by the electrical wing. We will complete the work as soon as possible.According to the initial design of the project, the bridge would span around 850 feet. Its length would be around 352 feet while the width would be around 58 feet. The bridge will have two 10-12 feet wide underway roads for two wheelers, bicycles and rickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314165", "title": "Tollywood's kidding around", "text": "After Nitish Roy's 'Gosain Baganer Bhoot', Haranath Chakraborty is all set to adapt Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay's Chayamoy for the big screenThis is not Haranath's first tryst with this genre. In 1996, he had made \"Raja, Rani Badshah\" and his last, \"Cholo Paltai\", too revolved around a father-son relationship. He will start shooting for his next - the working title is \"Chayamoy\" - on Poila Baisakh. Haranath says, \"When I decided to make a children's film, I couldn't think of any author other than Sirshenduda. His stories also have an adult readership.\" The director has tied up with the same production house that made \"Moner Manush\". So far, the cast includes Dipankar De, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Gaurav Chakrabarty, Paran Banerjee, Debesh Roy Chowdhury and Rajesh Sharma. \"We are still looking for a child artiste to play an important role. Debajyoti Mishra will score the music, while Monotosh Chakraborty is penning the script. We'll be shooting in Kolkata and Bolpur,\" says the director.Set in the backdrop of a village, Chayamoy is about a thief (Gaurav) who gets caught while taking refuge in the house of a conniving man (Dipankar). On discovering the 211 gold coins in the thief's bag, the man accuses him of stealing them from his house, so that he can get hold of the treasure. \"There are ghosts in the film too, which is Sirshenduda's trademark,\" he adds.The author, on his part, is happy that the story he had written 20-22 years ago is being made into a film. \"It's good to know that such an old story of mine will soon be filmed. Chayamoy is full of thrills. Hope the audience likes it,\" he says. So, does he watch films which are based on his stories? \"Not always. At times I do catch the films, when I can't say no,\" says Sirshendu. And what about the recent trend of adapting his stories on celluloid? \"Lekhok ra nijeder golper cholochitrer roop khub ekta pochhondo kore uthte pare na. But the audience is receiving the films well, which in turn, are making good business at the BO, so that makes me happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310647", "title": "Service tax upsets Railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing financial hardship, railways is upset with the budget proposal for imposition of service tax on freight and passenger tariff, fearing further loss of business to competing modes of transport.Though railways has not decided on whether it will absorb the additional burden or pass on to the consumer, there are fears that the transporter could lose business on both fronts- passenger and freight traffic.\"Railways is not in a position to absorb it due to poor financial health. If passed on to passengers, the traffic on First Class and all AC categories may be hit badly,\" said an official. In addition to the proposed rise in First class and air-conditioned coach fares, service tax of 3.6% will apply on these classes of travel.The finance ministry, however, countered the argument by saying that the service tax burden will only be of the order of 2% given that set-offs are permitted. So, on a ticket of Rs 2,000, the actual impact will be Rs 40. \"This kind of increase is not going to result in passengers shifting from trains to aircraft,\" said an official.The transporter that has hiked passenger fare in the Rail Budget and increased freight rates by 20%-25% last week is expected to hit hard with the fresh levy.Demanding a rollback, railways argued that the finance ministry should consider that transporter's operations can not be treated as \"pure service\" as it is subsidizing passenger fares keeping common man in mind even after small hike in budget, along with fulfilling social obligation of running economically unviable lines.\"Railways is also providing safe transit for coal and power sector crucial for country's economic growth,\" said a senior Rail Board official.While Railway Board is expected to discuss the issue on Monday, there are indications that a demand of rethink on the levy will be made to finance ministry. \"The finance minister should give us time at least for two years to fix our financial problems and till tome operating ratio comes down,\" said a senior official.\"The timing is not right. It has come at a time national transporter is bleeding,\" he said, arguing for postponement of levy as was done during Mamata Banerjee's tenure as rail minister.Senior officials cite the move as double taxation, arguing that railways already pay taxes like VAT, customs and excise duty to the government.The transporter is also not satisfied with the plan support of Rs 24,000 crore as it was expecting more considering financial stress it is going through due to massive spending on implementing Sixth Pay Commission and subsiding passenger fare.\"The gross budgetary support is a misnomer. It is a soft loan given at 5.5% rate as railways pay it back in the form of dividend,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310930", "title": "Yeddyurappa mulls over quitting party by month-end", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka BJP chief KS Eshwarappa has ruled out replacing chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. Reacting to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's deadline to the BJP to ask Gowda to step down by March 19, he told STOI: \"Forget March 19, (replacing CM) will not happen even on March 29 or 39!''A minister close to Yeddyurappa said the former CM is contemplating quitting the party by the month-end. \"Yeddyurappa was ready to announce his future course of action last week in Hubli, but did not do so.\"During the train journey from Bangalore to Hubli last week, Yeddyurappa reportedly asked around 15 legislators in his camp to promise that they would follow him if he quit the party. A copy of the sppech announcing his exit from the BJP was shown to his supporters but eventually withheld.To clear confusion and send a strong message, Eshwarappa and Gowda are likely to meet the party bosses in New Delhi on Monday. Following this, Eshwarappa is expected to make a statement that Gowda would remain CM. Cabinet expansion will also figure in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310708", "title": "CBI to challenge Acharya\u2019s release", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI is all set to challenge in the AP high court on Monday the special court's refusal to take cognizance of the chargesheet filed against IAS officers B P Acharya and L V Subramanyam in the Emaar scam case. According to sources, Acharya, on his part, is planning to file a petition in the special court and pray that he be 'discharged' in the Emaar case.The special judge on Friday had released Acharya on bail saying that keeping him in judicial remand without authority of law was improper. This was because the CBI failed to obtain the nod from the Centre which is essential to prosecute IAS officials under section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Now, CBI officials are contending that the judiciary can allow the prosecution pending the approval of the Centre and this is likely to be the agency's argument while challenging the special court's decision in the high court. The CBI lawyers are likely to argue that the central sanction has been virtually stalled by various departments.Acharya is expected to challenge the case filed against him by the CBI in the court citing section 41 of the IPC. This section provides protection to public servants if the decisions of the authority that have led to loss to the exchequer are found to have been taken in 'good faith'. Acharya's lawyers are said to have advised him that he can seek discharge from the case on this ground. Acharya is accused No. 1 in the Emaar case.To the misfortune of the CBI, it is beset with several problems in this case. It could not lay its hands on two accused - Dubai-based Emaar chairman Mohammad Alabbar and Koneru Madhu, the son of Koneru Rajendra Prasad.CBI in tight spotBoth these accused are in Dubai and the process of reaching them through the none too effective Letter Rogatory has not yet yielded any result. Now Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam are also slipping out of the hands of the CBI. It has allowed Tummala Ranga Rao of Stylish Homes to be out on bail following his cooperation to the probe agency. It could question Srikant Joshi of Emaar-MGF only with the permission of the court and in the presence of his lawyers. \"The only guy they have behind bars other than Koneru Rajendra Prasad , is the relatively junior Vijay Raghav of Emaar-MGF. The CBI has to make a herculean effort to revive the case. Otherwise it will end in a whimper. That will be sad because the exchequer has been virtually robbed of hundreds of crores of rupees,\" an analyst pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310485", "title": "AIIMS to pay kin Rs 15L", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) will give a monetary support of Rs 15 lakh to the family of Anil Kumar Meena, first year MBBS student who committed suicide at the campus on March 3. The decision was taken on Friday in the standing finance committee meeting of the institute. \"We will give Rs 10 lakh in cheque and the rest of the amount will be deposited in the nearest bank as fixed-deposit,\" said a spokesperson. Former UGC chairman Sukhadeo Thorat will visit the campus next week, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312475", "title": "City jewellery shops go on 3-day strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Around 30,000 jewellery stores across Bengal kept its shutters down on Saturday in solidarity with the jewellers across the country. They are protesting against the increase in excise duty and doubling of customs duty on precious metals, Pankaj Parekh, eastern region chairman of Gems &amp; Jewelry Exports Promotional Council said. Jewellers across the nation went on a three-day strike, starting on Saturday.Finance minister during his Budget speech on Friday said: \"I propose to increase basic customs duty on standard gold bars; gold coins of purity exceeding 99.5% and platinum from 2 % to 4 % and on non-standard gold from 5 % to 10 %. In sync with these, basic duty on gold ore, concentrate and dore bars for refining is being enhanced from 1 % to 2%. On the excise side, duty on refined gold is being increased in the same proportion from 1.5 % to 3 %.\"The announcement has added to the plight of has added to the plight of the aspirant jewellery buyers who were already postponing purchase plans due to soaring bullion pices.\"Around 3,000 shops in the city were closed on Saturday in protest against this proposal,\" Parekh said.Some of the jewellery associations are also planning to appeal to the Union finance minister to remove excise duty on both branded and unbranded jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311875", "title": "Mercury to go up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents will get a pleasant day off on Sunday as the weathermen have predicted a clear sky in the next couple of days. They have also suggested a slight rise in day and night temperatures in the coming days.The fluctuation between day and night temperature would diminish as mercury rises uniformly over the next few days, said a senior official from Chandigarh meteorological department.The weathermen are also expecting light rain over the next five to seven days, which would stabilize the weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12310426", "title": "Azam Khan in oath-taking goof-up", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan on Saturday returned facilities extended to him as a cabinet minister as he would take the oath of office and secrecy again a day later. He was forced to do so after a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) pointed out that Khan had taken the oath of secrecy and skipped that of office earlier on March 15.Lawyer Shankar Jain PIL's before the Allahabad high court's Lucknow bench on Friday said his earlier oath was incomplete and raised questions over his position as a minister. The court studied the ceremony's footage, found the questions raised valid and posted the hearing in the case on March 20.Experts said senior party leaders should have noticed the mistake and asked Khan to take the oath properly. In fact, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had noticed it once and asked Khan to take the oath again. But he again skipped the paragraph containing the oath of office.Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary refused to comment. But sources said it was a technical lapse that has embarrassed the party leadership.Constitutional expert C B Pandey said the oath of office has to be taken first followed by that of secrecy. Khan skipped the first part and moved to the second.The constitution's Section 164 empowers the governor to stop a minister from assuming the office until he has taken the oath properly. This has forced Khan to take the oath again.Khan's move has raised questions over the validity of decisions that the state cabinet had taken recently. The cabinet had cleared proposals that included distribution of laptops and tablet PCs among students and unemployment allowance to people above 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12317309", "title": "Venkaiah targets Congress over Rushdie", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after controversial author Salman Rushdie hit out at Congress and Rahul Gandhi, senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu today said Congress was adopting a \"selective approach\" in this regard.\"That was unfortunate...Congress and pseudo-secular parties were selective in their approach,\" he told reporters here.Venkaiah was reacting to Rushdie's comment that his presence at the Jaipur Literary Festival held in January was blocked by \"useless electoral calculations\" and told Rahul Gandhi that \"it did not work\".Rushdie made the comment when he was speaking at the India Today Conclave in New Delhi yesterday.Taking a dig Venkaiah said the relationship between Congress and Samajwadi Party (SP) came out in \"open\" post the recently concluded Uttar Pradesh elections.\"Samajwadi Party is supporting Congress government in Centre.....Both SP and Congress are working together...It is 'dosti' in Centre and 'kushti' in state (Uttar Pradesh)..And now their relationship has come out in open,\" Venkaiah said.He was reacting to the AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh's statement that he had no objection to Mulayam Singh Yadav-led party joining the UPA government.Rahul Gandhi during campaigning for the Uttar Pradesh polls had accused Samajwadi Party of failing to deliver when at the helm of state affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311220", "title": "Kerala Hindi Prachara Sabha celebrates 75 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"Hindi is not just a language but a weapon that was used during the days of the freedom struggle,\" said poet O N V Kurup delivering the keynote address at the inauguration of the 75th-year celebrations of the Kerala Hindi Prachar Sabha on Thursday.The three-day celebrations of the Sabha concluded here on Saturday. He recalled how Gandhiji had developed a powerful tool out of Hindi for national integration. It was K Vasudevan Pillai who established 'Thiruvithamkoor Hindi Prachara Sabha' to propagate Gandhiji's agenda of making Hindi the link language of the people across the nation to develop a sense of unity and integrity, in 1934.It was later renamed Kerala Hindi Prachara Sabha. \"Though the 75th year was to be celebrated in 2009, we got permission from the ministry of Human Resources Development only now. That is why the celebrations had been late,\" said Thankamani Amma, president Kerala Hindi Prachara Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312368", "title": "Polio scare: Baby shows signs of recovery", "text": "KOLKATA: The 17-month-old Baruipur baby suspected to be afflicted with polio has received 17 polio immunization drops, according to WHO investigators. It makes her chances of contracting the disease extremely remote, though it can't be ruled out till her stool sample analysis reports arrive in three weeks' time. But the good news is that Sumi, the girl, is steadily regaining strength in her leg muscles and has been moving about 'quite normally' since Tuesday, WHO representatives revealed.\"The baby has received 13 polio vaccine drops and four pulse polio drops which make her reasonably safe. But it's still too early to conclude that she does not have polio. We are waiting for the reports,\" said Dipankar Mukherjee, regional team leader, WHO.Polio may have been eradicated from the state but health facilities and living conditions in West Bengal kept it on the brink. Thousands of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) cases - which could be caused by polio or other viruses - are reported from the state every year. It was a worry since monitoring and vigilance were poor and the possibility of polio sneaking back could not be ruled out, admitted health officials.Around 300 AFP cases have already been reported in West Bengal this year. The figure was around 2500 in 2011.A clinical manifestation characterized by weakness or paralysis and reduced muscle tone, AFP is generally caused by a viral attack or by trauma affecting the nerves associated with the involved muscles. For example, if the somatic nerves to a skeletal muscle are severed, then the muscle will exhibit flaccid paralysis. When muscles enter this state, they become limp and cannot contract. This condition could turn fatal if it affects the respiratory muscles, posing the threat of suffocation. AFP is the most common symptom of a polio attack which has led to concerns after the Baruipur case came to light. It could also be caused by other pathogenic agents including enteroviruses, echoviruses and adenoviruses.In Sumi's case, her AFP might have been caused by 'vaccine virus' which results when an immunization dose goes wrong. It is irreversible, unlike AFP triggered by viruses other than polio. \"It is possible since she had received polio drops. But we must wait for the test reports,\" said Dilip Ghosh, commissioner of health. The chances were slim, he added. \"Thousands of AFP cases are reported every year. Barring one in January 2011, none resulted from polio. Since the baby has shown signs of improvement, let's hope this one is just a reversible AFP case,\" Ghosh said. The WHO has kept the child under observation. \"It will continue till the reports arrive. The girl, though, has shown signs of improvement. In fact, her limb movements have been normal over the past two-three days. She has been moving around without help which is an encouraging sign,\" said Mukherjee.According to a National Polio Surveillance Project (NPSP) report, over 8,000 AFP cases have been investigated by with the support of local health authorities in 2012. All of them have tested negative for polio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12457275", "title": "Krishna Vamsi \u2013Nani film gets underway", "text": "Director Krishna Vamsi has been keeping a low profile since his last flick \"Mogudu\" failed to live up to expectations. The director is keen on putting an end to his bad run at the BO with his next venture. To this end, the filmmaker has launched his next venture, sans any fanfare. Actor Nani is playing the lead in this untitled flick set to start shooting soon. Touted to be an out-and-out romantic entertainer, the movie has Catherine Theresa debuting as the female lead. The Bangalore-based actress made her debut in Malayalam cinema with a movie titled \"Thriller\". Ramesh Puppala is producing the movie under Yellow Films banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12311006", "title": "Seizures unveil web of spurious liquor units", "text": "CHENNAI: A series of seizures across the state and preliminary investigations have revealed the spread of a parallel industry that bottles and packages fake liquor with the alleged connivance of some Tasmac staff.The fact that many Tasmac outlets don't give bills for purchases helps the racketeers push the contraband through the government channel, say police officers.In the latest raid, reported in Chennai on Saturday, police and prohibition and enforcement wing officials seized a van and car transporting fake liquor at Vanagaram near Koyambedu and Velappan Chavadi and arrested six people.A total of 1.02 lakh, 5,000 fake customs seals, 960 bottles of 'Old Monk' rum, 3840 bottles of McDowell's brandy was seized. Two of the arrested were sales executives at Tasmac godown-III in Ambattur Estate, police said.The fake liquor is mainly sourced from Puducherry but several 'manufacturing' units have also sprung up across TN, say police sources. To arrack, not illegal in the union territory, are added caramel, essence and other colouring agents and bottled before original labels of Old Monk rum or McDowell's brandy are stuck on the bottles which then make their way into Tasmac outlets.\"The racketeers spend less than 10 to 'manufacture' a 180ml bottle of rum or brandy and sell a case containing 48 bottles for 2,000 in TN,\" said a police officer. Most of the fake liquor bottles coming into the state are 'Old Monk' rum or 'McDowell's brandy, said a police officer.Sources claimed that a few lower-level Tasmac staff were hand in glove with these traders. In the past one year, the excise department had unearthed 15 illegal units and seized thousands of bottles, besides arresting 25 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311252", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to decide leader of opposition in Punjab assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If there are voices of discontent in Punjab Congress against the state leadership, which led to party's dismal failure in the assembly elections, these were not given a hearing in the party's first meeting after the polls, which was attended by senior Congress leaders Mohsina Kidwai and Sushil Shinde.Two days before the assembly session, where newly elected legislative members will be sworn in, the Punjab Congress expectedly left the decision to choose the leader of opposition in the assembly on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.Of the 46 newly elected MLAs, 31 made it to the meeting, the first after elections. Lasting barely half-an-hour, the meeting saw Amarinder Singh move a resolution empowering Sonia Gandhi to decide the leader of opposition, seconded by Rajinder Kaur Bhattal.At least four to five MLAs held up their hands for a chance to speak out during the meeting, but the senior leaders chose to give them time after the meeting. The murmurs of discontent against the leader of Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee have been growing louder ever since the drubbing the party received in the assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12311410", "title": "Out of business-shrine, entry into corporate world", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The suffix MBA that opens the mighty gates of corporate world has become part of 310 students who completed their postgraduate programme (PGP) in management. Along with 133 working executives who completed their executive postgraduate programme from Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode, the students their graduation certificates at the 14th annual convocation ceremony.A C Muthaiah, chairman of the institute, said the IIM is planning to set up a satellite campus in Infopark, Kochi, to start its postgraduate programmes for executives from the next academic year. \"The project is presently being finalized,\" he said.The institute in its effort to tackle water shortage is also planning to build a water reservoir. \"This will be apart from the construction of hostels and other amenities,\" said the chairman of IIMK. In the convocation address, Union minister of state for human resource development E Ahamed emphasized that the strategy of the Centre in the 12th plan would comprise two broad components -- demands-side interventions and supply-side initiatives.While the existing interventions would be consolidated, a few new ones, especially on demand-side will be launched, he said. He said that the government will focus on non-financial reforms, which are essential to elevate the Indian higher education system to world standards and transform India into a truly knowledge society.The minister also said that the government would ensure that IIM Kozhikode would remain a benchmark for younger institutions.\"Institutions like IIMK should be constantly strengthened to easily adapt to the competitive and constantly changing global scenario,\" he said.Director of IIMK Debashis Chatterjee, and Oscar winner Resul Pookkutty also addressed the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12311752", "title": "BJP trying to get city corporation council dissolved: Lancelot Pinto", "text": "MANGALORE: Election to the posts of chairmen for standing committees of Mangalore City Corporation council was postponed due to the lack of quorum in the meeting held on Friday.Gulzaar Banu, of the Congress who was recently elected as mayor following BJP corporator Roopa D Bangera's nomination was rejected, could not conduct election as all BJP members stayed away from the meet. BJP members had abstained from the meet submitting a request to postpone election minutes before the meet.Corporators from Congress Lancelot Pinto, Harinath, Shashidhar Hegde, DK Ashok Kumar and Naveen D'Souza alleged that BJP members are trying to get the council dissolved as they could not get their candidate elected despite having majority in the house.\"It is a tactic to dissolve the council. As per law, the budget presented in the council should be approved by the standing committee for finance. However, the council will not be able to submit the budget to the government before March 31 if election for standing committee heads were not held,\" corporator Lancelot Pinto said and added that government may dissolve the council if budget was not presented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312478", "title": "City-based industrialist Sancheti is BJP's surprise choice for Rajya Sabha seat", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based industrialist Ajay Kumar Sancheti, a close associate of BJP president Nitin Gadkari , is the surprise choice of the party for the Rajya Sabha seat from its quota in Maharashtra. The BJP chose him for the seat falling vacant on expiry of the term of RSS's Bal Apte. The biennial polls for six RS seats from the state are scheduled on March 30.Though Sancheti family - hailing from Malkapur in western Vidarbha - is linked with RSS and BJP for three generations, Ajay Kumar always maintained a low profile in the party. He came into limelight with his role in installing BJP government led by Arjun Munda in September 2010. Known to be closely associated with senior BJP leaders like Rajnath Singh and Gopinath Munde , Gadkari roped him into his team after becoming national president over two years ago. He was made member of the national executive as special invitee by Gadkari. Sanchet's name also figured in the Adarsh scam as a flat was allotted to one of his employees.Sources in the BJP, however, insisted that the Sancheti family's association with the saffron party dates back to the era when grandfather Madanlalji worked with Jan Sangh founder Deendayal Upadhyay and Sundersingh Bhandari at DAV College, Kanpur where they lived under one roof. Madanlalji as well as his brother Kisanlalji worked for the spread of RSS and later the BJP in Malkapur. They also went to jail during Emergency. Kisanlalji was the BJP MLA from Malkapur in 1980-85. Now the seat is represented in the state assembly by Ajay Kumar's uncle Chensukh Sancheti for four consecutive terms since 1995. The latter is also vice-president of the state BJP.45-year-old Ajay Kumar claimed to have been with the BJP since student days as an active ABVP member. A commerce graduate from G S College in the city, Ajay Kumar took over reins of the SMS Group founded by his father Shakti Kumar. The group with turnover of Rs 1,100 crore is into civil constructions, infrastructure development having presence in core sectors of irrigation, power, highways, and mining in 10 states in the country, along with Indonesia .\"I will file nomination papers in Mumbai on Monday.\" He told TOI. His victory is imminent as the BJP has 47 votes as against the required 42 to get elected.Among others from the state who have already filed nomination papers for the RS polls are Vilasrao Deshmukh , Rajeev Shukla of Congress, Anil Desai of the Shiv Sena , Vandana Chavan of NCP and an independent candidate Sanjay Kakde who is eyeing spare votes of the BJP and the MNS to get elected denying chance to NCP to field a second candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310890", "title": "Now, get your health results in 8 hours", "text": "BANGALORE: Patients can heave a sigh of relief. A new diagnostic test kit can now detect symptoms of critical infections very quickly -- in seven to eight hours compared to the average 72 hours and more it takes in conventional tests, leading to quicker diagnosis and treatment of the infection.The kit will reduce exorbitant testing charges and extended hospital stay costs for patients. The kit has been invented by Bangalore-based molecular diagnostics company, XCyton, with Rs 6-crore assistance from Council of Scientific and Industrial Research and private investors, including Biocon chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw.The invention known as Syndrome Evaluation System (SES) has been described by American-based investors as the fastest, simplest, elegant and most cost-effective testing kit or tool in the world that can in just one test detect multiple bugs/organisms at work in critical infections.\"There are many diagnostic kits that do the same thing across the world but we haven't yet come across one that does it as rapidly and inexpensively as this kit does. We come from the Massachussets area where a lot of inventions do happen and we have come to this inference based on substantial research,\" said Ketan Patel of Fidelity, which has invested $ 4.5 million in product development and commercialization.What infectionsThe invention is targeted at speedier treatment of brain-related infections, sepsis, eye infections, cancer-related ailments, lung, joint, spine-related infections among others, which means people afflicted with these infections can expect faster test results, therapy and treatment now.Scientist BV Ravi Kumar, XCyton founder and CMD, told TOI, \"The new testing tool will identify the work of multiple organisms - bacteria, virus, fungi and parasites - in just one sample - that were causing a particular infection.\"\"Multiple tests to detect each of these organisms are no longer necessary. The test kit will show up all these different organisms at work in one test within seven to eight hours, as compared to the 3-7 days' time conventional tests take. One test in place of multiple tests will now reduce patients' bills,\" Kumar explained.Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw , CMD, Biocon who has invested in her private capacity said: \"I can relate to XCyton the very same way I built Biocon. Success for a biotech enterprise is about going from failure to failure without giving up. To get the correct outcomes, it all starts with correct diagnostics. We are poor at diagnosis and rush to treat patients. We use antibiotics as one-size-fits-all approach. Very often it doesn't work and has disastrous effects. Everyone thinks it's easy to build a company in biotech, because they often confuse it with IT. Biotech has huge challenges. The whole basis of discovering things, and validating those findings and translating them into commercial success is a much-harder journey. There are regulatory and scientific challenges. XCyton represents the new innovative India.\"Shaw added that the biotech sector did not support the compulsory licensing recently accorded to Indian company for a cancer drug. \"We felt this was not the cancer drug that needed compulsory licensing. It was only benefiting a minority segment, and by doing this, we are giving the wrong signals. We are frivolously giving away compulsory licensing. We are determined to innovate in biotech sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312803", "title": "Kolkata cops strike local rapport", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police have taken yet another step to foster ties with citizens by initiating an area-specific interactive session, starting on Saturday with the residents of Alipore. The men in uniform sought to know the problems the residents were facing and discussed ways to resolve them.Citizens' meetings with police officials have been an age-old practice for Kolkata Police. But Kolkata Police chief R K Pachnanda has now decided to have closer and more frequent interactions with citizens so that they feel secure. This way, the police can also keep a tab on the city and its residents.Alipore, one of the city's wealthiest localities, is apparently among the most peaceful areas. Yet, some of the foulest crimes have taken place here. A few years ago, the wife of an industrialist was killed by her domestic help who had been recruited only two days before the crime. During the investigation, police had a tough time identifying the domestic help as the family did not make any verification before engaging the youth.\"It is still a huge problem,\" said Bhikham Chand Pugalia, a businessman and president of Satyam Tower Welfare Association president. \"We find it difficult to get our domestic helps registered at police stations. The domestic helps are scared and refuse to get clicked for registration in police station records. If we insist, they simply leave. So, most of us have compromise on that,\" he explained.Narendra Tulsian, secretary of Alipore Citizens' Forum , came up with a solution: \"Let's take the photograph of our domestic help on some other pretext. We have to take precautions for our own sake. Then we can go and get them registered with police. We have to do it, however difficult it might be.\"Deputy commissioner (South) D P Singh said he was happy to see a change in the attitude and approach of citizens compared to when he had met them first. \"They are now much more aware of their security loopholes. A closer encounter like this gives them a lot of confidence. I was very impressed with their plan of setting up a surveillance network by which almost every corner of Alipore can be put under watch.\"Shubra Agarwal, a businesswoman, explained how she finds it difficult to drive her car up to her house on Judges Court Road every evening. \"From 5 pm to 9 pm, the road is suddenly made both-ways. For the rest of the day, it is one-way. I have to keep waiting and waiting for free passage to drive into my own house. I really do not know the logic behind making Judges Court Road both-ways after 5 pm,\" she complained.Several elderly citizens pointed out new encroachments on the pavements. \"We take a stroll every morning and that is crucial for our health at this age. But of late, we have found pavements increasingly being occupied by hawkers, garbage dumps, old furniture and extension of shops,\" said Aravind Jhunjunwala, a resident.Alipore police station officers meticulously took note of every complaint. Singh instructed his officers to see to it that each complaint is dealt with promptness and sincerity. Singh asked every citizen to come up to the police with any complaint they have. \"We are there for you 24X7. If you notice anything suspicious, share it with us. Your lead might give us a big breakthrough in a complicated crime or thwart an imminent subversive activity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314681", "title": "When did yoga take a dangerous bend?", "text": "At Cosmic Fusion, a yoga studio that opened in 2010 in Mumbai's upmarket suburb of Khar, co-founder Payal Gidwani Tiwari teaches her 80-odd students the Kaivalyadham school of yoga.The beachwood and mirror-lined rooms, orchids scattered around the reception area and a Reclining Buddha promising a go at nirvana , are part of building what Tiwari calls an 'experience'. Offering cold facial wipes (\"they are great to open pores after rigorous exercise\") and cups of green tea help to gently bid her students a feel-good adios. \"They walk in, stressed, and 50 per cent of my work is done by the soothing spa-like ambience. I then run them through the various packages we have to offer,\" she says.That's quite a shift from yoga as sage Patanjali documented it in the Yoga Sutras between 100BC and 500BC. The only package he spoke of was the Eight Limbs of yoga divided into bahiranga sadhana (five external aids) and antaranga sadhana (three internal aids).But that was a time when yoga hadn't crossed Indian shores; it hadn't amassed 20 million fans across America; it wasn't a $6 billion industry. It hadn't yet given birth to a yoga mogul like John Friend, whose Anusara Yoga empire includes 2,00,000 followers in 70 countries, 1,200 certified teachers, and ancillary businesses like a yoga-wear arm and one of Japan's largest yoga school chains. Early last month, the revelation that Friend was a serial adulterer, sex maniac and marijuana dealer, left his followers disillusioned even as he stepped down and set off on a sabbatical to pursue \"self-reflection, therapy and personal retreat.\" The pudgy 53-year-old's case has, once again, provided reason to ask whether modern yoga is becoming a curious, often self-defeating, mix of spiritual mumbo-jumbo, sex and fitness obsession.Pulitzer Prize-winning science writer William J Broad, himself a yoga practitioner since the 1970s, opened a can of worms last month, when he wrote Yoga and sex scandals: No surprise here, an article for the New York Times. \"Yoga teachers and how-to books seldom mention that the discipline began as a sex cult - an omission that leaves many practitioners open to libidinal surprise,\" he wrote. In his latest book, The Science of Yoga: The Risks and the Rewards, Broad demonstrates how yoga can stir hormones, including sexual ones. \"Hatha yoga - the parent of the styles now practised around the globe - began as a branch of Tantra, which centres on sexual unions, both cosmic and personal.Only the light of accountability can help people understand that gurus and teachers are also human beings,\" he says in an e-mail interview. Not unexpectedly, Broad has been at the receiving end of scathing criticism. Dr Ananda Balayogi Bhavanani, member of the Indian Yoga Association (IYA) and honorary general secretary of Pondicherry Yogasana Association, says, \"This is a ridiculous falsification and mis-interpolation of facts, concocted by a publicity seeker, and has been well rebutted in numerous forums by yogis all over the world.\" \"The Eight Limbs of yoga clearly mentions the Yama, or abstinences - not to harm, lie, and use our sexual energy to regenerate our connection with the spiritual self. Anything that doesn't meet these standards, is not yoga,\" argues Hansaji Jayadeva Yogendra, Director of the 93-year-old The Yoga Institute in Mumbai.It's important, believes, Stefanie Syman, author of The Subtle Body: The Story of Yoga in America, to separate individual gurus from the craft itself. \"I don't think yoga is inextricably linked to sleaze at all. John Friend was one teacher; a successful one, but only one. Most students can distinguish between the actions of an individual and the practice itself, and the immense benefits it usually delivers,\" says Syman, arguing that even before Friend, yoga's modern history is littered with scandals like those involving Swami Muktananda, Swami Satchidananda and Rodney Yee. \"These men behaved, by and large, like successful men in any other profession, whether politics or finance.\"Glamour does a big disservice That millions of yoga followers also include some of the world's most glamourous names (singer Sting , Hollywood star Robert Downey Junior, Bollywood diva Lara Dutta ), doesn't help. Inspired by their icons, hordes turn to yoga for all the wrong reasons. The gurus, some of whom are said to lead lifestyles that could beat L.A. DJs', operate out of ashrams the size of counties, milking the ancient craft through profitspilling merchandise and patents. Back home, Baba Ramdev, who heads the Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar, was caught in an asset controversy, when news of his organisation having acquired a Scottish Island for about \u00a32 million, made it to the papers. But Syman isn't worried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312184", "title": "Rescued kids face Child Welfare Committee's apathy, yet to get accommodation", "text": "INDORE: Though released from their employers clutches, the 23 child labourers, who were rescued from a house in Shyamacharan Shukla Nagar, are now facing the Child Welfare Committee's (CWC) apathy. The children have not been provided with a proper accommodation, almost two days after being freed.The police in association with We Care For You, a cell of police dealing with women's issue, and Childline, a voluntary organization working for the welfare of children, had rescued the children on Thursday.Eleven of the 23 children continue to be under Special Juvenile Police Unit (SJPU), while 12 others have been living with Childline. However, as per the law, keeping rescued children for more than 24 hours in SPJU is not permissible.Admitting that he did not follow the media reports to act, CWC member Nitin Shukla told TOI, \"The police also did not apprise the committee about the rescued children\".Incidentally, Childline coordinator Dipesh Chauksey said he had informed the committee about 12 children but got no official response from the CWC.Passing the buck, CWC chairman Snehlata Upadhyay said she was out of station and the issue is being handled by the committee members.Of the 23 rescued children, 19 are below the age of 14 and the remaining four are around 18 years old. All the children belong to Uttar Pradesh. The police have arrested Sanjay Mishra and Manoj Raikwar in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310998", "title": "Coimbatore priest, facing sexual abuse charges in US, taken to Delhi", "text": "COIMBATORE: A catholic priest, who was arrested on Friday night at Erode on charges of sexually abusing two minor girls in the US, will be produced before the additional chief metropolitan magistrate at Patiala House in New Delhi on Sunday.The priest, J Jayapaul alias Joseph Palanivel, 57, of Ariyalur, is accused of sexually assaulting two minor girls at Northern Minnesota in 2004. He was charged in a US court in 2007. But by 2005, Jayapaul had returned to India to be with his ailing mother.The Interpol had approached the additional chief metropolitan magistrate court in New Delhi to secure the priest. The court sent a warrant to the Erode police to arrest the priest on the basis of which police arrested the Jayapaul on Friday.A team led by Erode district Armed Reserve Police Reserve inspector Kajendran and seven others took Jayapaul to New Delhi on Friday night by train. According to sources, they will reach New Delhi on Sunday morning and Jayapaul will be produced in court the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12311298", "title": "Tibetan govt-in-exile to follow IAS pattern", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: After adopting a democratic setup, the Tibetan government-in-exile is going mark a new beginning by making changes to its recruitment process for ensuring that best minds are made a part of the administration. The administration shall now follow the Indian Administrative services (IAS) pattern of recruitment.This information was given by the chairman of Tibetan civil services Jampel Choesang, who said the steps were taken on the advice of Harvard scholar. Jampel Choesang said, \"The aim of such changes is to make the administration more efficient so we reach our basic goal of wining freedom.\" The Tibetans have accepted the ongoing changes and have passed the credit to prime minister Lobsang Sangay.\"These developments are being made by our prime minster who is ensuring effectiveness in the administration so we win our freedom struggle,\" said a Tibetan, Lhadon Tsering. Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) told TOI that around 50 posts fell vacant as most employees were shifted to other places. Sources said the Tibetans could be allowed to work in departments of their choice if they felt that could perform better, and could apply for transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12311650", "title": "Melghat relocation process captured in documentary", "text": "AMRAVATI: To highlight the positives of relocation, the forest department has prepared a documentary on the relocation of villages in Melghat Tiger Reserve. The documentary shows how the life of 400 tribal families of Amona, Nagartas and Barukheda villages changed for the better after relocation. Recently it was released by forest minister Patangrao Kadam.Speaking to TOI project director of MTR, AK Mishra said, \"We made the documentary with meagre funds. It was prepared by Amol Sawant and Madhu Kasabe of Akola. The department has not taken help of any professional person for editing and directing the documentary.\"\"We wanted to capture the relocation moments. The purpose is educational,\" he said, adding, \"The relocation was carried out under the guidance of principal secretary Praveen Pardeshi, and he has told us to show the film in various reserves.\"The department has decided to distribute documentary to other tiger projects, so that staff and officials can be apprised of the work done by MTR.\"The documentary depicts why relocation from wildlife areas is essential and what will be the positive impact on wild animals. It also shows that within days of relocation the wild animals have inhabited the vacant land,\" Mishra said, adding, \"Melghat Tiger Reserve is developing these sites as meadows for sambar, chital, Gaur and other herbivore animals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312400", "title": "China dresses up one-child policy with softer slogans", "text": "Chinese officials have announced plans to change their approach to the country's one-child policy. Since its introduction in 1979, the authorities have mainly relied on threats and punitive measures to achieve compliance. Slogans painted on walls by the roadside have been both terrifying and unsubtle, such as 'Kill all your family members if you don't follow the rule!' and 'We would rather scrape your womb than allow you to have a second child' .However, a recent article in the People's Daily cites a report by the National Population and Family Planning Commission, which advocates a shift in the tone of the campaign. Persuasion, rather than intimidation, is to be the new tactic, in an effort to \"avoid offending the public and stoking social tensions .\" Another possible reason has to do with the negative effects the one-child policy has had on Chinese society.The one-child policy was introduced under Deng Xiaoping as an attempt to deal with the fast increasing population. In 1949 there were an estimated 540 million people; by 1976 there were 940 million. This increase was due to both a decline in infant mortality and an increase in life expectancy. Given that people in China have traditionally had large families, particularly in the countryside, compliance with the policy has always been a problem. The policy currently only applies to about 35% of Chinese citizens, most of them urban residents. Rural parents are allowed to have two children, especially if the first is female, or disabled (an equivalence that speaks volumes about the enduring preference for male children). China's ethnic minorities (who form around around 10% of the population) are also exempt from the one-child stipulation. In recent years, the policy has been amended to allow parents who are both only children to have more than one child together.Though the Chinese government claim the policy is a success, and has prevented 400 million births, it has received considerable criticism, mainly to do with how it has been implemented. Though most parents only receive a fine for having a second child (or third, in rural areas) there have been local authorities who sought to make good on some of the slogans' threats. Houses have been demolished. There have been forced abortions and sterilisations. Unsurprisingly , many have sought to get round the regulations. People have tried going to different cities to have a child or bribed local officials. The preference for male children has led to sex-selective abortions; girls have been given up for adoption, passed on to distant relatives , and sometimes just abandoned.According to Li Bin, director of the National Population and Family Planning Commission, for every 100 girls born in 2010, 118 boys were born. It is estimated that around 30 million to 40 million adult men will have a hard time finding wives by 2020. This gender bias is one of the issues that new slogans such as 'Caring for the girl means caring for the future of the nation' seek to address. Unfortunately, it will probably take more than a few phrases to convince many Chinese people that 'Boys and girls are all treasures' , as one slogan puts it; even under Mao there were slogans like 'Women hold up half the sky!'Another consequence of the policy has been to skew the age demographic. About 13.26% of China's population is aged 60 or above; by 2050 the elderly are expected to account for one-third of society. A diminishing family tree puts considerable social and financial pressure on an only child to look after his or her grandparents and parents (this is known as the 4-2-1 problem).The new slogan 'Old people from the onechild families can get the allowances after they are 60 years old,' aims to reassure people about the kind of provision they may be expected to receive and provide . It does, however, raise questions about how these 'allowances' will be funded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312514", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation maps areas to stem spread of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has taken steps to tackle the spread of H1N1 influenza in the city. Mayor Vaishali Bankar on Saturday said that the administration would undertake screening of suspected patients.According to the civic body, as many as 33 positive cases of swine flu have been detected in the city, so far. People suffering from cough, cold and fever have been advised to visit doctor for a check-up. There are five critically ill swine flu patients in Pune district at present.The city has witnessed a surge in H1N1 infections due to fluctuation in the day and night temperatures in the last few days. The administration has undertaken mapping of all areas where H1N1 patients were detected so far.\"We have enough stock of Tamiflu tablets. The screening of suspected patients is being undertaken at 47 PMC-run hospitals and 13 private hospitals in the city. All suspected patients are being administered Tamiflu doses. The civic body has set up a process to send the swabs of suspected patients to National Institute of Virology (NIV),\" Bankar said.The H1N1 patients are being treated at Naidu and Kamla Nehru hospitals which have isolation wards. Besides these, 13 private hospitals have about 43 ventilators for treatment of H1N1 patients. As many as 10 patients have been discharged from various hospitals in the city, she added.The task of mapping suspected areas has been taken up and further steps will be planned on these observations. Schools have been issued instructions to keep a watch on students, said Bankar.The PMC has sent a report to the state government. The deputy chief minister and district guardian minister Ajit Pawar on Friday took stock of the situation. He instructed the health department officials to conduct an awareness drive and to rope in private practitioners.At present, five patients are critically ill in Pune district.Seven people had tested positive on Friday.In the last few months, seven people have died in the state which includes four deaths in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12320192", "title": "6 lakh stolen from locked house", "text": "RAJKOT: Thieves took away cash, silver and gold ornaments worth Rs 6 lakh from a locked house near Juni Munjka police chowki at Mota Mava village on the outskirts of the city on Saturday night.Police said house owner Bholabhai Makwana was away with family in his farm. Gandhigram police station officials are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311343", "title": "Council for Social Justice and Peace memo to Chief Minister demands electoral reforms", "text": "PANAJI: The Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP) has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently urging him to initiate urgent electoral reforms before the forthcoming village panchayat elections. CSJP members have stated that these reforms are vital in order to make the elections transparent, free and fair.'The recommended amendments to the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994 and rules require that the entire election process to the village panchayats - from delimitation of wards, preparation of voters lists till the declaration of election results - should be entrusted to the Goa State Election Commission,' Fr Maverick Fernandes, executive secretary of Council for Social Justice and Peace, has said in the memorandum submitted to Parrikar.He also stated that electoral ward maps should be prepared and subsequently reasonable time should be provided to the public for scrutinizing these maps before their final notification. 'Ward-wise voters lists should also be prepared for village panchayats, giving reasonable time for public scrutiny,' the Council for Social Justice and Peace recommendations stated.'We do hope that your government will ensure that principles of justice and peace will be upheld in the governance of Goa,' the memorandum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312251", "title": "3 companies blacklisted for delay in overhead tanks work", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Saturday black-listed three companies for a delay in the construction of over-head tanks. The tanks aim at strengthening water distribution system under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The delay will affect the ongoing work to supply Narmada river water in Bhopal. The project has been delayed for a year.The companies that were black-listed are Mevrick Developers and Colonizers, Prem Cnstruction company, and HM Pipe company- all from Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12314739", "title": "Budget 2012-13 imposes 1 per cent TDS on property sales", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tightening screws on black money in the realty market, the government has proposed one per cent TDS (tax deduction at source) on transfer of immovable property if the sale value exceeds Rs 50 lakh in urban centres and Rs 20 lakh in other areas.The measure is proposed in the Budget and is being taken to \"deter the generation and use of unaccounted money\", Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said in his Budget speech. Immovable properties, other than agricultural land would be covered under the new provision.The application of TDS would be effective from October 1 this year. It has been provided that transfer of property would not be registered unless the buyer furnishes proof of deduction and payment of TDS.At present, tax is required to be deducted at source by the transferee on transfer of immovable property by a non- resident. But, there is no such requirement on transfer of such property by a resident except in few case, it added.The new proposal intends to collect tax at the earliest point of time and have a reporting mechanism of transactions in the realty sector.The provision would apply if the consideration exceeds Rs 50 lakh if property is situated in \"specified urban agglomeration\" and Rs 20 lakh if property is situated in any other area.Reacting to the proposal, the apex realty body CREDAI said that this would lead to increase in property prices.\"It looks like that the proposal of TDS would apply on transactions in the secondary market and not on sale of builder's flat,\" Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) Chairman Pradeep Jain said.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310628", "title": "Wall slab collapse kills 55-year-old in Oshiwara", "text": "MUMBAI: A 55-year-old man died after the slab of a freshly constructed wall fell on him from the sixth floor of an under-construction building at Oshiwara on Saturday.The Oshiwara police have registered a case of negligence against the construction labourers who were workers present at the site when the incident took place. Three labourers have been detained for interrogation. A woman was also injured in the incident.The deceased, Chottelal Kanojia, was a daily wage worker and stayed at Jai Ambe CHS, right next to the under-construction building where the accident took place, in Oshiwara. The six-storied building is being redeveloped under the SRA scheme.According to the police, the incident took place between 11 am and noon, when a construction labourer was cleaning the floor near a freshly constructed four-foot wall, supported by a four-inch beam. As the wall was constructed recently, it was weak and came crashing down, police said.\"Kanojia was seated outside his house when the wall collapsed and brick pieces hit his head.He started bleeding profusely. On hearing a loud thud, locals gathered at the spot and rushed Kanojia to Cooper Hospital. Doctors declared him dead on arrival,\" a police official said.A woman, Rekha Salunkhe, also sustained injuries. The police said that no arrests have been made so far. Officials said they are trying to find out who was the labour contractor at the site. \"When any evidence of negligence is found, we will arrest whoever is responsible,\" a senior official said.The BMC disaster control, however, had no details about the incident till late evening.TOI spoke to a ward-level officer, who said that prima facie it appears that there has been negligence on the part of the contractors. \"We need to look into the matter and find out who is responsible for zthe mishap,\" said a K-West BMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312529", "title": "Rs 300 cr allotted for Vidarbha farmers", "text": "PUNE: State agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat on Saturday said that steps will be taken to provide benefits to Vidarbha farmers under the special programme announced by the finance minister in Budget 2012. Allocation of Rs 300 crore has been proposed under the Rashtriya Krushi Vikas Yojana for the Vidarbha intensified irrigation development programme. This scheme seeks to bring more areas in Vidarbha under protective irrigation.The commissioner was speaking at a function organized by Monsanto India Company to give 'Safal Shetkari Prabal Bharat' honour to Tarachand Telkhande, a cotton farmer from Amravati district.Dangat said farmers from Vidarbha should come forward to seek benefit of the scheme which aims to bring more land under irrigation. Dangat said, \"A significant area in Vidarbha region is still not under protective irrigation. A large section of farmers is still dependent on rainfall for agricultural activities. For instance, cotton farming witnessed good harvest in last season, however, lesser rainfall during the withdrawal perios of monsoon this year, adversely impacted the crop in many parts of Vidarbha\".\"Protective irrigation could help farmers tackle erratic weather conditions. Farmers are opting to change the cropping pattern, to reduce the risk. Farmers need to opt for advanced machinery, scientific methods and better seeds for good yield\", said Dangat. He added that good irrigation facilities were required for BT cotton cultivation.The company also felicitated Sharad Nale and Lalita Jadhav, farmers from Satara district, for superior performance in corn farming. Farmers from Vidarbha and other regions of the state were present at the function.eom/sarang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310446", "title": "Students held for chain snatching", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two intermediate students, who were involved in 62 chain snatching offences, were arrested by the Banjara Hills police on Saturday. During interrogation, they confessed that they took to the crime to lead a lavish life and had been commiting the offence since 2010.The Banjara Hills police arrested 21-year-old Syed Omar Pasha, a student of MS Junior College in Shahalibanda, and Zuber Khan, a student of Gouthami Junior College in Moghalpura. They were arrested from Road No. 12, Banjara Hills.\"We recovered nearly a kilogram of gold and a Hero Honda Karizma bike, which was bought in exchange for stolen gold. They used to carry out snatching offences under the guidance of Pasha's uncle Mahaboob Ali. Ali is absconding,'' Banjara Hills inspector S Prabhakar told STOI.Before committing an offence, Mahaboob Ali would check the location and subsequently Pasha and Khan would execute the crime. \"The youngsters used to snatch gold chains from elderly women during their morning walks or target women near function halls and temples,\" Prabhakar added.Police said that the duo used to snatch gold chains by riding on the Karizma bike, which was bought for Rs 1.2 lakh. During questioning, the two told police that they started committing snatching offences as a means of making easy money.\"Pasha was arrested earlier for stealing a mobile phone in Ashok Nagar. It was for the first time that Pasha and Khan were arrested in a chain snatching case. ,\" police said. They were involved in 24 cases in West Zone, 15 in East Zone, 10 in South Zone, eight in Central Zone and one in North Zone, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12314834", "title": "Generally, retrospective amendments should be avoided: Montek", "text": "NEW DELHI: Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia on Sunday said that generally changes to the laws should not be implemented retrospectively even as he termed the proposed amendment to the I-T Act to tax Vodafone-like deals as \"appropriate\".\"I think, objectively, the change is not only appropriate one....it is something we have singled in the Direct Taxes Code (DTC). Going by general rules. But I agree with you that one should avoid retrospective amendments,\" Ahluwalia told a television channel when asked why should this amendment be effected retrospectively.As per amendments proposed in the I-T Act by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his Budget proposals, all persons, whether residents or non-residents, having business connection in India, will have to deduct tax at source and pay it to the government even if the transaction is executed on a foreign soil.The amendments, once carried out, will have implications on Vodafone which won the Rs 11,000-crore tax dispute case against tax authorities in the Supreme Court. It will also impact other similar cases involving taxes to the tune of about Rs 30,000 crore.About the impact of the proposed amendment on Vodafone case, Ahluwalia said, \"I do not want to comment on the impact on any particular company. I think... it is not only appropriate one, but something we have singled in the proposed DTC. We are going to do that anyway.\"On the impact of this move on foreign investment flows, he said, \"Whenever you have retrospective amendment which affects an individual, he will certainly feel that he has been treated unfairly.\"However, he allayed fears that this will impact the flow of foreign funds into the country. \"I think that foreign investors should have absolutely no doubt in their mind that the government does not intend to change some of the basic conditions retrospectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12311370", "title": "Goa Vikas Party will never ally with Congress: Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco", "text": "MARGAO: Demanding that chief minister Manohar Parrikar should take action against ministers of the erstwhile government on issues such as illegal mining, Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said that his party would \"never form an alliance\" with the Congress.Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Pacheco claimed that the Congress party was spreading rumours that it had managed to raise its strength in the House from nine seats to 19 seats with the help of independents and regional parties and stated that \"such rumours were not only untrue but reflected the true colours of the Congress party\".\"The Congress party is always trying to topple the government and just cannot sit in the opposition,\" said Pacheco, while claiming that Parrikar never indulged in such \"cheap tactics\" when he was leader of the opposition. \"These rumours are baseless and let it be made clear, GVP will not form any alliance of any sorts with the Congress party ever,\" the Nuvem MLA added.Pacheco claimed that he had spoken to Parrikar recently, adding that both had been in touch with each other before elections as well.Responding to queries, Pacheco said that Parrikar had initially assured him that grants would be provided to English medium schools but then had backtracked on the assurance. \"I will take up this matter with Parrikar after the new cabinet settles in. I have also asked the chief minister to investigate into the scams of the previous government and take action against former ministers if they are found guilty,\" Pacheco said.Pacheco demanded that action should be taken against former chief minister Digambar Kamat, as he held the mining portfolio, if the allegations of illegal mining are proven. He said that the Alemao family \"should also be investigated\" but refused to comment when asked if PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar's dealings should be probed. \"Kamat claims he gave a stable government for five years, but he should know that he survived because he let his ministers do as they felt like,\" Pacheco said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315709", "title": "Sleuth and crime revived in Budhhadeb Dasgupta's next", "text": "Sleuth and crime revived in Budhhadeb Dasgupta's nextAfter igniting an urge in the audiences' mind to be nostalgic about their childhood in the critically acclaimed movie Janala, veteran director Budhhadeb Dasgupta is all set to illuminate what happens in a private detective's life when he tries to break the norms of consumerism and competition in his new movie \"\" Anwarer Ashchorjo Kahini\"\".On last Friday the director along with the stylist for the film Neeta Lulla and actors Chandrachur Singh and Shauvik Kundagrami gathered at a city resturant to talk about the film.Director Budhhadeb Dasgupta is known for taking queue from real life instances and weaving them together to make a great movie. He tells the simplest story with such elan that the movie buffs are immediately drawn towards it. During the event the filmmaker said \"\"I was inquisitive about the life of the smalltime detectives who work in Kolkata and wanted to tell their tale. Today, the movies that are made in Bengali reflect the various shades of our society. Though this is a thriller but it is unique as we do not witness the crimes getting solved.\"\"One of sought after and prolific fashion designer Neeta Lulla has styled the look of the movie. \"\"To me this is a different experience altogether.Since the film talks about a detective's quest for truth, the clothes are also not over the top. I have tried to give the feel of realism in the detailing of the costumes. It is my privilege to work with a director like Budhhadeb da. I am very excited to make the characters appear as real as possible\"\" told the designer who is known for designing costumes for films like Devdas, Jodha Akbar, Mission Kashmir etc. After playing second lead or negative character in most of his movies actor Shauvik Kundagrami is thrilled to be a part of a Budhhadeb Dasgupta film. \"\"I play Anwar. He works as a private detective in a petty detective agency. The uniqueness about the role is that instead of solving the cases with a professional objectivity he tends to become intimately involved with the lives of sad. But during the course of the movie the story takes a completely different spin altogether\"\" replied the actor who sounded very positive and enthusiastic.His recognition started with Gulzar's Maachis and now Budhhadeb Dasgupta; for actor Chandrachur Singh the outing on the big screen has been very few but selective and noteworthy. \"\"I play Anindya, who is a married man and father of ten years old boy. His marital bliss goes berserk as the change of outlook and belief seeps in. The story takes a twist as he goes missing out of the blue\"\" said Chandrachur Singh who is very excited about his foray into the Bengali film industry.The film is set amid the colourful and eccentric life of Kolkata. It is a film about a private investigator who finally breaks out from the shackles of consumerism and competition. It talks about the journey of two men and woman who are in search for some kind of meaning in existence and ultimately revoke the urge of returning to nature, roots and a certain kind of purity of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12320337", "title": "Abducted tourist had 20-yr-long love affair with tribal Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bosusco Paolo, one of the abducted Italian tourists, had been a pathfinder for scores of tourists, both domestic and foreign, in dense jungles and hilly terrains of tribal districts in Odisha. But little had Paolo imagined that his nearly 20-year-long bond with tribal Odisha will land him in trouble. He and another Italian Claucio Colancero were kidnapped by Maoists in a forest in Kandhamal district.Fifty three-year-old Paolo from Turin in North Italy had been staying in Puri since the past 23 years on a tourist visa with multiple-entry (into India) facility. Going by multiple-entry visa rules, one can stay for 180 days at a stretch in India. After the time period one has to exit the country for some time and then return for a valid stay.Paolo speaks Odia, though not fluently, and used to take tourists to forest and hilly areas of the state for expedition, police sources said. \"Like other days, he set out on an adventure on March 12. We were stunned to know that he, along with his friend, was kidnapped,\" said Saroj Rath, a Puri-based hotelier and acquaintance of Paolo. The second kidnapped Italian Colancero had arrived in Puri on March 9.Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena said Paolo had opened a small office 'Orissa Trekking and Adventure' on Chakratirtha Road a few years ago. Local tour operators alleged Paolo had not obtained any permission from tourism department either to operate the office or take tourists on tribal tours in Maoist-hit areas. Jena admitted Paolo had no permission for organizing treks but said only travel agencies are required to take permission from the department. \"Paolo's was not a travel agency,\" Jena said.Yugabrat Kar, vice-president of Odisha tour association, took a dig at local tourism officials for showing leniency towards people engaged in the business of tourism without requisite permission from the government.\"How could a foreigner do business here by procuring a tourist visa? He needed to have a business visa. What was police doing all these days,\" asked another tour operator.Sources said Paolo has a PAN card in his name as he was earning money in India. \"We had no idea he was doing business here. But he has a valid passport and visa. We have been maintaining his multiple arrival and departure reports,\" a senior police officer said.Meanwhile, foreign tourists in Puri are in a state of panic after the abduction. \"This is indeed a very disturbing news for us. The government must come to the rescue of the tourists and enhance security in tribal areas where foreigners like us love to visit,\" said an American tourist, Johnty Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312679", "title": "Tendulkar museum on Pune Municipal Corporation agenda", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation will expedite setting up of a sports museum to showcase Sachin Tendulkar's career and will invite the master blaster to lay the foundation stone of the same.Speaking to reporters on Saturday, mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"The PMC will felicitate Sachin Tendulkar on his grand achievement of scoring 100 centuries. We would also request him to lay the foundation stone of the proposed museum.\"In April last year, the standing committee resolved to allocate two acre of land in Baner to the state government for a sports museum to showcase Tendulkar's career.The general body has approved the proposal and forwarded the same for the state government's nod. tnnIn March 2010, the state government in its budget had announced that it would set up a museum in Mumbai to showcase his achievements. Finance minister Sunil Tatkare also made a provision of Rs 40 crore for the same. However, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation could not provide land for the museum and the funds remained unutilised.The PMC had then taken initiative to set up the museum using state funds. \"We will pursue the case with the state government and seek funds for the museum,\" Bankar said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12311293", "title": "Central Tibetan Administration resents China's move to control monasteries in Tibet", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) has condemned the decision of China to exercise direct control over the monasteries inside Tibet.The reaction came after Human Rights Watch organization stated that the Chinese government is doing away with the policy of allowing Tibetan monasteries to be run by monks, complying with government regulations, and have introduced a system under which almost every monastery in Tibet will directly come under the Chinese government as officials will be permanently stationed in each religious institution.Minister for information and international relations of CTA, who works as the external affairs ministry for the Tibetans' government-in-exile, has said that the decision will only add fuel to the fire inside Tibet and may lead to more resentment.\"Beijing's decision to send government officials to monasteries, in addition to heavy security forces, is profoundly misguided and will only create more resentment towards the state,\" said Kalon Dicki Chhoyang.Tibetans living in McLeodganj have also expressed anguish over the development and has termed it as an unfortunate move. They maintained that 29 Tibetans have so far set themselves on fire, calling for freedom and return of His Holiness Dalai Lama to his homeland. Sixteen of these incidents had occurred this year alone, they said.Meanwhile, the Tibetan prime minster-in-exile has written to United Nations secretary-general urging him to send a special envoy to investigate the ground reality in Tibet, particularly in areas where a series of tragic self-immolations took place.In his letter dated on March 16, Lobsang Sangay said that CTA is not seeking separation from China or independence for Tibet. \"We will continue to strive for genuine autonomy for Tibetan people within the framework of People's Republic of China (PRC) through dialogue and negotiations,\" he added.Adding to the woes of the community, news about another self-immolation has come in, upsetting the Tibetans and their supporters. A massive gathering of Tibetans at McLeodganj observed a candle light vigil while other Tibetan organizations have planned to hold protests in the coming days, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12312332", "title": "Man attempts suicide after killing woman", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A person stabbed a woman to death and later tried to commit suicide on the same spot in Pachgaon in Warora tehsil on Saturday morning. Victim Vandana Kamble (36) died on the spot, accused Deepak Wankhede (46), who served his wrist veins, was rushed to Chandrapur for emergency treatment.Sources informed that Wankhede had borrowed Rs 7,000 from Vandana Kamble over a year back for treatment. Vandana was pushing Wankhede to return her money. Disturbed of repeated pestering by Vandana, Wankhede reached her home in the morning. They had a quarrel over repayment of loan and Wankhede in a fit of rage stabbed her with a sharp weapon. Vandana who fell into her own pool of blood died on the spot.Meanwhile, Vandana's son returned from school and saw her mother lying in a pool of blood. He locked Wankhede in the room and summoned the neighbours. As Wankhede was trapped, he served his own wrist veins fearing police action.Shegaon police immediately reached the spot and rushed the accused Wankhede to Warora hospital, from where he was shifted to Chandrapur for further treatment. Wankhede have been for murder under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC). PSO Mahesh Chavan is probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "12318417", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi resigns, Mukul Roy to be new railway minister", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Ending his defiance and bringing to a close five-day drama after he incurred the wrath of TMC for hiking passenger fares in the Railway Budget, Dinesh Trivedi on Sunday resigned as railway minister. Senior TMC leader Mukul Roy will be the new railway minister, sources said.Trivedi (61), who on Saturday insisted that he would not resign unless his party chief Mamata Banerjee directed him to do so in writing, told reporters in Delhi that he called her up to confirm the real position.\"She did tell me that it was the party's decision that I must step down and since the party, Trinamool Congress, was instrumental in making me the railway minister and Mamata Banerjee's instructions were very clear that it is the party which has decided and like a soldier I must obey the party's discipline. That is the way I have been trained.\"Trivedi's decision is understood to have come after a word from the PMO to him to quit. The Congress leadership and the Prime Minister had assured Mamata that her demand for replacing Trivedi will be acceded after the presentation of the general budget on Friday last.In Kolkata, Mamata, the West Bengal chief minister, confirmed the development saying Trivedi called her to tell her that he was resigning.\"He(Trivedi) called me and he told me that he will abide by the party decision and send his resignation,\" Mamata said.She also said that Trivedi told him that he will remain with the party.In his virtual farewell comments, Trivedi said, \"I must thank the party leader Mamata Banerjee and the entire cabinet and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singhji for giving me this opportunity.Dinesh Trivedi had been insistent till now that he would not quit his post unless he got a written order from Mamata. He said on Sunday that the Railway Ministry could not be treated as somebody's property, although, he added that he had full regards for the Trinamool Congress supremo.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312569", "title": "Goods, services to become costlier: Pune Inc", "text": "PUNE: The city's corporate sector has said the increase in excise duty and service tax which Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee proposed in his Budget for 2012-13 will mean one pays more for any product bought or service availed of. The only solace would be the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) which promises to bring down the cost of transactions, industry captains said.Automobile industry players were happy about Mukherjee leaving out the dual pricing of diesel and the levy on diesel cars, but those in the information technology and real estate development were distressed.Pramod Chaudhari, executive chairman of Praj Industries said the marginal changes will not make any significant impact on the growth drivers. \"There are no concrete timelines towards GST and DTC or any measures for reduction of fiscal deficit. Support for agri sector, skill development and extension of R&D; benefits will give longer term returns,\" he added.Former Nasscom chairman and deputy chairman of Zensar Technologies Ganesh Natarajan said, \"There is not enough focus on incentives for skill building or Tier 3 cities. The advance pricing approach for cross border deals may help transfer pricing decisions and the $ 1 billion venture capital fund focussed on medium and small enterprises is good for encouraging entrepreneurship in the country.\"\"The budget clearly reflected the political compulsion on the finance minister. It did not address the much needed critical reforms to achieve targeted growth rate,\" Vinay Phadnis, chairman of Phadnis Infrastructure Limited, said.Industry players said the Budget has provisions that will encourage infrastructure investments as the FM has excluded many sectors from applicability of withholding tax and eased raising of external commercial borrowings.Ranjit More, chief of Universal Construction Machinery and Equipment Ltd., said the finance minister's provisions for infrastructure and construction equipment sector is 'a mixed bag.' On one hand a 100 per cent custom exemption has been given on import of equipment for road and infrastructure and on the other hand excise duty and service tax has been raised by 2 per cent. Tax exemption on imports of equipments for roads and infrastructure was not really needed as most equipment are made indigenously. Something should have been offered on the domestic construction equipment side which would have been a real help for infrastructure sector, More said.Mukherjee's hint at the possible implementation of GST later this year has made many happy. Ashutosh Prabhudesai, controller and director of finance, Fujitsu Consulting India, said the finance minister has demonstrated the \"in-principle\" acceptance for moving towards unified GST by standardising the tax rates across spectrum of services. The rationalisation of tax slabs for non-corporate income tax is also a step towards the implementation of direct taxes, he said.Calling the budget \"conservative\" Harish Joshi, managing director, Nichrome India said the GST implementation from August this year is welcome but should happen without delay. Central Sales Tax should have been repealed as GST will phase it out, Joshi said.Rajiv Malla, centre director, Phoenix Marketcity, said GST's implementation by August 2012 will be a positive step towards addressing the double taxation issue that the retail sector is facing. This will require the cooperation of Centre and states, he said.\"Foreign Direct Investment in multi-brand retail business is still being discussed. The Budget lacks clarity and does not promise anything concrete for the retail industry,\" Malla said.Umeed Kothavala, CEO of Extentia Information Technology, said lower prices for cellphone handsets will lead to more individuals owning smart phones. This will positively affect the demand for mobile applications and encourage development of localised apps, he added.Vsevolod Rozanov, president and CEO of mobile phone service operator MTS India, said increase in service tax would increase cost of having a cellphone connection. This becomes significant for CDMA based mobile services which to a large extent services the telecom needs of customers who are at the bottom of the pyramid, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312681", "title": "Narendra Modi to be presented 'Gujarat Ratna' today", "text": "PUNE: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi will be given the 'Gujarat Ratna' award at the centenary year celebrations of the Shri Poona Gujarati Bandhu Samaj at Ganesh Kala Krida Manch on March 18 at 4.30 pm.Modi will lay the foundation stone for the proposed Gujarat Bhawan in Kondhwa through a digitally operated system at the Ganesh Kala Krida Manch, said Nitinbhai Desai, president of the Samaj. \"The Gujarat Bhavan will be set up on a six-acre land in Kondhwa in about four years. It will provide educational courses, a cultural platform, a gym and clubhouse, and hostel facilities for students from all communities,\" said Desai.Desai said the Gujarati community has been involved in business and trade for decades, but it is now realising the importance of education.The programme will begin on Sunday at 4.30 pm with a presentation of the Gujarat Swarnim Mahotsav, a concept programme of the Gujarat government. Jigneshbhai Shah will be given the 'Gujarat Gaurav'. Besides, other prominent people from the community based in the city will also be felicitated.Earlier, a Gujarati comedy play, '102 Not Out', will be performed at the venue on March 17 at 7 pm. The drama has been directed by Saumya Joshi and will be presented by the Mumbai Theatre Guide.Managing trustee Bharatbhai Shah said, \"Financial autonomy and strength that the Gujarati community has achieved so far will help us. The money available with us will be used for educational purposes such as the Gujarat Bhavan.\"The Samaj has planned several educational, cultural, social and business-related events every month during the centenary year. Prominent speakers, experts, political personalities and well-known people from various fields will be invited. These events will open to all members of society and will also help bring the Gujarati community closer, said Shah.Shri Poona Gujarati Bandhu Samaj was established in 1913.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312731", "title": "New beginning in UP? Let's see...", "text": "First impressions do matter in politics. By that count, the new regime's start in UP has been quite ominousThe euphoria created in Uttar Pradesh by the emergence of a new, affable youth icon as chief minister didn't last long. Even before Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in at a ceremony that ended in a ruckus caused by some of his supporters, a sense of foreboding had engulfed the dalits and ordinary law-abiding citizens of the state. Since March 6 - when the assembly election results were announced - the mood has been changing. Suddenly, the traffic on Lucknow's roads looked different. SUVs whizzed by threateningly , announcing the arrival of the Samajwadi Party . On the day of the results, journalists were beaten up by SP workers in Jhansi. The next day, the husband of a village pradhan was stabbed to death near Agra. And one day after Akhilesh became UP's youngest CM, dalits were thrashed by SP workers at Badalpur, the ancestral village of BSP leader Mayawati. Before things could go out of hand, the new CM issued a stern warning to SP workers and expelled some from the party to send out a message: indiscipline will not be tolerated.But with the induction of Raghuraj Pratap Singh - better known as Raja Bhaiyya - in his cabinet, the message that Akhilesh sent out by opposing the entry of tainted leader D P Yadav into his party before the elections now seems seems farcical. His effort to purge the party of criminal elements has proved to be a non-starter . Akhilesh failed to keep out people like Azam Khan and his own uncle Shivpal from the government . He had to induct them in the new government despite the fact that they had initially opposed him as chief minister.While Azam Khan turned down the offer of assembly speakership, Shivpal didn't relish the idea of going to Parliament from Kannauj. Instead , they preferred plum cabinet berths. If that is any indication of things in store for Akhilesh then he had better be on guard. Can we forget the police recruitment scam during the SP's last regime in UP? Or allegations that Azam Khan burnt official files and documents in the secretariat on the last day of the Mulayam Singh government when it had become clear that Mayawati was coming to power with a thumping majority? A wrong message has also gone out with the appointment of tainted officers in the CM's secretariat when honest options were available. Clearly, these are the compulsions of present-day politics.To hope that a fresh face like Akhilesh will be able to bring about radical changes using the same old rotten party machinery is futile. It is not a problem only with the Samajwadi Party. When dirty money finances the politics of all mainstream parties, how can we hope they will tackle corruption? The combined opposition of all political parties to bring a strong Lokpal is a case in point. Since criminals can help generate big money easily, they have become an asset in today's politics. In addition, they are always handy in 'managing' numbers in a crisis situation. Money and muscle power dominate politics in UP and no political party is willing to change its ways despite a strong movement against corruption. Is it any wonder that a majority of the newly elected MLAs are crorepatis and several of them have serious criminal cases pending against them. To hope for change in such a hopeless situation can only lead to disillusionment later.Akhilesh has generated some hope with his positive campaign. However, the sops offered to people in the form of computer tablets and laptops show the misplaced priorities of the new team. When half of UP's children are victims of malnutrition and drop out of school before Class VIII, it is a cruel joke to promise computers to them. In addition, UP is infamous for mass copying and fake certificates. In such a scenario the real beneficiaries of this scheme will be the companies which will supply these devices.Also, the much-hyped unemployment allowance is an affront to rural workers who are guaranteed the same amount, Rs 12,000 annually , under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. In fact, hardly any of them get the full 100 days of employment. Now, the rural farm worker will get less - for doing hours of hard labour under the sun - than educated unemployed youth with no work.The SP's plan to revive student unions in the state's universities and colleges can also be a setback to the academic atmosphere if it's done without implementing the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee. There are hundreds of so-called student leaders who spend years on campuses; they use student politics as a stepping stone to state politics. Now, these elements may again invade the campuses and vitiate the academic environment.It's the lumpen elements in SP which pose the biggest threat and challenge to the promises made by young Akhilesh.Sandeep Pandey, a Magsaysay Award winner, is a Lucknow-based social activist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12318090", "title": "Mid-term polls are not far away: Shatrughan Sinha", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Veteran actor and BJP politician Shatrughan Sinha said on Sunday that the days of the UPA government were almost over as now anything can happen and this year's railways and the union budgets might as well be its last ones.Sinha had come to meet his daughter Sonakshi, who has been shooting for her new movie 'Son of Sardar' in Punjab and stopped in Chandigarh on his way back to Delhi.\"There is this nice play by Anupam Kher titled Kuch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai. Thanks to the UPA's bad policies and equally bad administration, Kuchch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai. We should just wait and watch as mid-term polls are not far away,\" said Sinha.Stating that he was not an expert on the budget, Sinha said, \"UPA's decision to hike the rail fare and to levy so many indirect taxes may become the last nail in its coffin. We are actually passing through multi-dimensional crisis,\" said Sinha.When asked what he thought of Narendra Modi BJP's PM candidate, Sinha said it would be a right choice.\"I think none stands anywhere close to Modi when it comes to following the development agenda. Modi is the right candidate for the PM's post,\" he said.Praising Uttar Pradesh's new chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , he said that Akhilesh was a wonderful boy.\"Akhilesh has done wonders in UP. His team work, cadre management and professionalism are excellent. Actually, we had seen it coming during the campaigning in UP,\" added Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow/allahabad", "code": "12312114", "title": "UP Board: 183 students caught using unfair means", "text": "LUCKNOW/ALLAHABAD: As many as 183 students including 64 girls were caught using unfair means on the second day of UP board exams.This happened despite easy papers being listed for the day. The class ten students took theory paper of Music in the first shift while there was no exam in the second shift. In the intermediate section, home science first (theory) paper was listed for the first shift while language papers of Pali, Arabic and Persian were listed for the second shift.According to UP Board officials, 119 boys and 64 girls were caught using unfair means across 18 divisions. Among the cases of use of unfair means in examination, Jhansi led the table with 28 candidates including 16 boys and 12 girls followed by Aligarh with 25 including 18 boys and 7 girls. In Azamgarh, 19 students were caught using unfair means, Of these 17 were girls. In Gorakhpur, 17 candidates were caught using unfair means while 16 were caught in Kanpur.In Lucknow, the second day of UP board exams passed of rather peacefully. Not because of preparedness but because of subjects with low enrolment rate listed for the day.Friday, when board exams began, saw a lot of chaos and confusion incorrect distribution of question papers and shortage of answer books and supplementary sheets across many parts of the state. All this gave a tough time to students.\"The real challenge is on Monday when important papers are listed. The issue of question papers and supplementary sheets is yet to be resolved,\" said RP Mishra of UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh. While students in class ten will take commerce in first shift and science in the second, economics, economics and commerce-geography, physics, business organization, agriculture sciences paper six are listed for the intermediate section.The board also shifted 15 invigilators in Varanasi, Mirzapur and Aligarh and two centre superintendants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12320191", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India to kick off state-wide 150th year celebrations from Hazira", "text": "VADODARA: Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), which was established in 1861, is celebrating its 150 years of establishment. ASI Vadodara Circle will begin its state-wide celebrations from the city on Monday. The archaeological circle has decided to kick off the celebrations from Qutb-Ud-Din tomb in Hazira - the Mughal monument that links the city with Mughal Emperor Akbar.National celebrations of 150 years of ASI began in December 2011. To kick off the celebrations in Gujarat, a special programme has been organized by ASI Vadodara Circle at Hazira mausoleum, Pratapnagar, in which Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, ASI's additional director general Juthika Patankar and Gujarat Vidyapith's vice-chancellor Dr. Sudarshan Iyengar among others will participate on Monday.The tomb of Qutb-Ud-Din Muhammad Khan is the first Padshahi building of the city, which entombs the corporal (earthly) remains of noble Qutb-Ud-Din, who was tutor of Prince Salim, son and successor of Mughal Emperor Akbar.\"While Gujarat governor will be opening the state-level celebrations with the inauguration of an exhibition on Gujarat's heritage, across the year we plan to hold outreach programmes through heritage walks, competitions for school going children and college going youths, workshops with state archaeology department and universities like M S University,\" superintending archaeologist of ASI Vadodara Circle Dr K C Nauriyal told TOI on Saturday.A total of 213 monuments, including 202 of Gujarat and 11 of Union territory Daman &amp; Diu, are protected by Vadodara Circle. While the archaeological circle has decided to conduct pictorial exhibitions at most of its protected sites, the officials are also exploring means to increase public amenities at ticketed monuments which see rush of tourists. \"Through the celebrations, our focus will be on engaging public support to spread the message that monuments are a common identity and their vandalism should be stopped,\" Nauriyal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311160", "title": "Man accuses brother of transferring mother's property", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A family dispute over share of property turned murky as a man has complained against his younger brother accusing him of fraudulently transferring their mothers share of the property on his name.According to police, Satvinder Singh Sodhi, resident of Swami Nagar, New Delhi, had filed a complaint against his brother Vikramjit Singh Sodhi, resident of Sector 34, and his four accomplices.The disputed property is a house in Sector 34 and the case is already pending in the court. Satvinder has complained that his mother Jatinder Kaur is suffering from Alzheimers and short-term memory. He said Vikramjit had prepared a false document of transfer deed of mothers one-third share on his name, said Kirpal Singh, station house officer of Sector 34.On the basis of the complaint, we have booked Vikramjit and his friends. They had also made a fake medical document saying that Jatinder Kaur was medically fit to sign the papers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312747", "title": "Collective irresponsibility", "text": "The Trinamool wants to sack its minister, and Harish Rawat wants to sack his party. UP elects Akhilesh Yadav who promises a clean government but brings in Raja Bhaiyya. And the Congress does nothing as a bold railway budget risks rollback because it makes sense. Are we looking at the worst of Indian politics?Internal dissensions ambushed two governments last week and nearly brought them down. In Delhi, the Manmohan Singh government tottered as its heftiest ally, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , vetoed the railway budget and demanded the head of the minister who scripted it. Ironically, the man is her nominee in the Union cabinet, Dinesh Trivedi . And in Uttarakhand, newly sworn-in Congress chief minister Vijay Bahuguna looked shaky after half his party revolted against his appointment in favour of rival aspirant Harish Rawat.That both crises were entirely avoidable only reinforced the spectacle of collective irresponsibility that seems to have become the hallmark of UPA-II . It also affirmed that the Congress continues to be in a state of drift despite its drubbing in the recent assembly elections. The party has been behaving like a headless chicken ever since Sonia Gandhi moved out of the driver's seat more than a year ago on health grounds. Although Rahul Gandhi is widely regarded as her successor, he hasn't taken over yet and after the collapse of his UP campaign , which has dented confidence in his political acumen and vote-getting abilities, he may remain the elusive leader for some time longer.Big BrotherIt has become convenient to blame the Manmohan Singh government's troubles on coalition politics. But increasingly, it is becoming evident that much of the current turbulence in UPA-II stems from leadership problems within the Congress. The party is the bedrock of the ruling alliance. Any instability in the Congress is bound to rock the government. Today, with Sonia inactive and Rahul shying away from responsibility, party leaders are pulling in different directions. And so are those in the government, which is headed by a prime minister who lacks the necessary political authority to maintain order among his colleagues.Mamata may have been closer to the truth than widely accepted when she blamed the fiasco over the railway budget on the Congress. She accused it of not consulting her. Interestingly, both Trivedi and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee accepted that they did not run the passenger fare hike past Mamata. It was a strange decision because both are savvy enough to know that having made populism the touchstone of her politics, the firebrand TMC leader would kick up a storm. At a party meeting after she slammed the budget, Mamata is believed to have said that she may have agreed to a hike in upper-class fares only. Had the Centre taken her views into consideration, it may not have found itself in the humiliating position of having to consider two unprecedented possibilities: to replace Trivedi while the budget process is on and to recast the budget after rolling back second-class sleeper fares.Mulayam PitchMany in the TMC believe that the Congress is deliberately stoking a confrontation with Mamata to push her out of the UPA so that Mulayam Singh Yadav's Samajwadi Party can be brought in. Both parties have roughly the same strength in the Lok Sabha and talk about rebooting the UPA with the SP was in the air even before the UP elections. Significantly, two senior Congress leaders, party treasurer Moti Lal Vora and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal , were packed off to Lucknow to attend Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in ceremony even as the Mamata storm was blowing through the government . But the party has been forced to go slow on the SP plan since then for two reasons. One, there is no firm commitment of support forthcoming from Mulayam, who is known to bargain as hard as Mamata. Two, sections of the Congress are embarrassed by the rowdy behaviour that marred Akhilesh's swearing-in as well as his decision to make the notorious Raja Bhaiyya a cabinet minister in his government.When UPA-I took on Prakash Karat and the Left Front over the Indo-US nuclear deal, it could justify it on grounds of ideological differences and India's strategic and energy interests. The frequent clashes with Mamata seem to arise more out of poor management and ego issues. With Sonia silent on the TMCCongress equation, mistrust and suspicion between the two partners-in-government can only increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312642", "title": "New voters may hold key in bypoll", "text": "CHENNAI: An estimated 15,441 new voters in Sankarankoil assembly constituency, heading for byelection on Sunday, may well spell the margin of victory or defeat for the top two candidates. A glance at the 2011 assembly poll results shows that the late former minister C Karuppasamy of the AIADMK defeated his nearest DMK rival M Umamaheshwari by a margin of 10,395 votes in the 2011 assembly polls.Karuppasamy's death due to an ailment has necessitated the byelection. An additional 12 polling booths have been set up to accommodate the new voters, special chief electoral officer D Raajendiran told TOI. All the 242 polling booths containing an equivalent number of EVMs are equipped with webcams and laptops with VSNL broadband to provide live webcast of voting at control rooms in the offices of the district election officer in Tirunelveli and chief electoral officer in Chennai, he said.Each booth would be manned by a presiding officer and three polling officers. The third round of training for the officers was conducted on Saturday. Since Wednesday, the EC requested the TNEB to supply uninterrupted power in the constituency to enable trial runs of the equipment. After polling, the EVMs would be taken to the counting centre at Veerasamy Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology at Puliangudi in Tirunelveli district. Counting will be held on March 21. Raajendiran said there were 280 violations of the model code of conduct and cases had been filed in respect of 148 cases.A maximum of 59 cases were registered against the ruling AIADMK, 41 against the DMDK, 30 against the DMK and 18 against the MDMK. Over Rs 63 lakh in cash had been seized by EC's surveillance teams on suspicion that they were to be disbursed to voters and investigations were progress, he said. Six companies of the Central Armed Police Force and 12 battalions of the TN special police are on bandobust duty to ensure free and fair polls. EC has three observers for the bypoll -- the general observer Ramesh Kumar Suthanshu from Uttarakhand and expenditure and police observers, Uma Shankar and V J Goutham from Gujarat.They have been camping in the constituency since February 26. This constituency of weavers and farmers is a veritable AIADMK bastion and the ruling party enjoys a distinct advantage. Karuppasamy, who passed away in October last year, was elected from the constituency four times on the AIADMK symbol. But the victory of AIADMK candidate, V Muthuselvi, chairperson of the Sankarankoil municipality, is by no means a foregone conclusion as this time the Jayalalithaa-led party does not have support of its erstwhile allies DMDK and Left parties.DMK's Jawahar Suryakumar, supported by the Congress, the DMDK's K Muthukumar, Vaikoled MDMK's T Sadan Thirumalaikumar and BJP's L Murugan are the other candidates in the fray in this SC reserved constituency. Even as allegations of bribing voters were flying thick and fast, the entire Sankarankoil constituency was brought under a strong security blanket on Saturday. Six companies of central forces have been deployed to guard the polling booths across the constituency where the 2 lakh odd electorate would exercise their franchise. These apart, 12 companies of Tamil Nadu Special Police have been deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12319948", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad election slated for April 20", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) headquarters in Ambari was buzzing with activity on Sunday with the party announcing the dates of the much-awaited party election, slated for April 20. The 'general house' of the party was also announced to be held on April 25 and 26 here.AGP, which was scheduled to conduct the elections as well as the 'general house' in March, had to postpone it due to non-completion of the district committee election. The party's 15-district committee elections ended recently and the remaining are going to be finished by the end of this month.\"The nomination forms for the post of the party head and other posts will be issued on April 12. Just after Bihu, on April 16, the filing of the nomination papers will be over. The election will be held on April 20 and the counting will be done and the results will be declared on the same day,\" said Padma Hazarika, general secretary of the party.The scrutiny of the nominations is slated for April 17. Any candidate who wants to withdraw his or her nominations will have to do it on the next day, April 18.AGP, for the first time, is going to choose its party hierarchy through a democratic election. Election will be held for the post of party president, working president, five general secretaries and 15 executive members. It's also for the first time that the party will choose the party head before the crucial 'general house'.\"We have fixed the dates for the general house on April 25 and 26. Though the venue is not fixed yet, it will be held in the city itself,\" Hazarika added. Party sources said it is likely to be held on Ravindra Bhawan here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311458", "title": "I will ensure zero tolerance to corruption in Public Works Department: Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar", "text": "PANAJI: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Saturday said he would ensure zero tolerance to corruption in the PWD.Speaking to STOI, Dhavalikar, who was given PWD, transport and river navigation portfolios on Friday night, said \"I wish to assure everyone that strict action will be taken against anyone indulging in corruption.\" Stating that he had \"already warned\" engineers in the department, Dhavalikar said \"I want to make it very clear, we believe in zero tolerance to corruption and will ensure that.\"He denied that there was any corruption in the PWD, transport or river navigation departments, when he was the minister in-charge of the departments in the Congress-led government. \"People know the good work I have done in transport, river navigation and PWD,\" the Marcaim MLA said. Referring to the criticism by the BJP against him in the past, Dhavalikar said the opposition had merely done its duty, but there was no truth in any of the charges made. \"Even the Congress had made allegations against me , despite the fact that I had taken so many initiatives,\" he said.Dhavalikar said he was not transport minister when the high security registration plates (HSRP) proposal was approved and Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar was the transport minister, who had cleared it.\"I tried to implement HRSP scheme following a direction by the Supreme Court,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310585", "title": "More power cuts in the offing", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the demand for power crossing 13,000 MW per day, the APTransco and Discoms have decided to increase power cuts across the state. A high-level meeting convened by energy principal secretary Dinesh Kumar on Saturday decided to increase the power cuts to ensure a 7-hour power supply to the agriculture sector as the rabi season has reached its peak.According to sources, Dinesh Kumar said that the state's top priority right now was to protect the rabi crop in 20 lakh acres by ensuring 7-hour power supply. Accordingly, he asked CMDs to increase power cuts in villages and provide only streetlighting during nights. In all mandal headquarters and towns, the power cut will be increased by another two hours to handle the increasing demand. On Saturday, the power demand crossed 13,500 MW which is an all-time high for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312799", "title": "Going bust in Vasai", "text": "In the inner apses of Vasai, Benzoni and Mingleshwar Sequeira have made something of a family business out of an unusual trend. The brothers, who hail from an ancient village of woodworkers in Vasai called Small Giriz, are part of a family that has assembled many of the altars in the Portuguese churches of this one-time colony. The commissions of the brothers Sequeira too continue, in the main, to come from holy coffers. But a new specialisation has now made them the go-to guys for secular, though no less deific, 'altar' pieces-ancestral busts.\"It started in the late 80s when a novitiate from Gujarat lost his father,\" recounts Benzoni. \"Being familiar with our skill at carving wooden statues of Christian icons, he asked if we could make him a bust of his father. All he gave us was a frontal photo of his father, no side profile or anything,\" he adds, drawing attention to the skill it must have summoned to carve out a three-dimensional head from a 2-D visage that falls desperately short. \"We first made a clay mock-up , and after he approved , proceeded to make the final wood bust,\" Benzoni says.Ancestors in most Indian households are usually framed and mounted as lithographs, photographs, oil paintings and other sundry flat forms. Statues. of public figues, belonged to traffic islands and in the foyers of public buildingsiconography of and for the people. Then the good folk of Vasai brought the bust home, and the Sequeiras found themselves grappling with complexities beyond the art of cloning Christs; they were now looking at re-forming individual members of his flock.Often, clients would come with nothing more than one photograph, and the Sequeiras, like experts in forensic science, would go about piecing together a likeness. \"Unlike in Madam Tussaud's , where live models offer themselves up for minute measurement, here we have to reconstruct the departed's features from relatives s/he may have resembled, and we use our imagination to sculpt the back and sides,\" says Benzoni, who charges between Rs 50,000 ando Rs 1,50,000 for a statue. Speaking of inherited attributes, the Sequeiras owe their skill to their grandfather, whose entrepreneurship took the family business of carpentry into the specialised area of wood carving.Consequently, it has placed ancestral veneration in these parts on a pedestal. Benzamine Coriea commissioned a bust of his mother in all the accoutrements that came to be part of her identity-effected painstakingly in wood and with such verisimilitude that one might reach out to finger her 'gold' necklaces, and feel the 'fabric' of her sari. The figure is made more credible by the lady's own spectacles that have found a permanent place of rest on the bridge of her statue's nose. \"It's the eyes that make all the difference,\" says Coriea of the glass eyes the Sequeiras import from Germany. \"It's what brings her to life.\"For 40-year-old Vincent Andrew Machado, a scale woodcarved statue was his way of keeping his deceased father among them. \"I wanted to feel his presence at all times,\" he says. \"He slaved for our family of eight. Being the sole breadwinner, he would often only have rice and salt to make the food last for us. We owned five buffaloes, and every morning , he would cart milk to Bombay by train to sell it. I was working as a chemist's apprentice when he passed away. He wanted me to have my own shop. Now that I do, I want him to be around me, if only in form, to see his wish fulfilled.\"Machado had a full-blown statue commissioned in 2003, to coincide with the housewarming of his new bungalow. He has placed his father's statue by the entrance so that people can pay their respects before they enter the house. He himself touches his father's feet each time he enters or leaves the house, and when friends and family pass the gate they direct a gesture of respect at the statue. Unlike most ancestral statuary that depicts the character in finery, this statue is unusual in that Machado's father is dressed simply, in black shorts and a bush shirt. \"I wanted him to appear just as he did every day of his life,\" he reasons.It's what Spanish director Pedro Almodovar said of his own mother. \"Even though I love my mother, I don't want to make an idealised portrait of her.\" In this sentiment, the people of Vasai and Almodovar are of a body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312714", "title": "Producer-journo gets United States award for helping strays", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran journalist , poet and film producer Pritish Nandy (61 ) has been honoured with the Humanitarian award given by the Humane Society of the United Statesfor his active role in helping stray animals, particularly street dogs.Nandy, who will receive the award at a function in Los Angeles on March 24, told TOI, \"I have been an animal lover all my life, so it is disturbing to come across cases where street dogs are tortured or poisoned to death in big cities such as Mumbai.''Self-centred, selfish groups are behind this growing cruelty towards stray animals, Nandy said. He added, \"Today, people are killing stray animals without any fear of the law. Tomorrow it could be the turn of the poor, homeless individuals tobeexecutedillegally.Thisinhuman madness needs to be curbed immediately.''When askedif thecausefor such aggression towards strays could perhaps be due to their increasing population and dog bites, Nandy said no animal will ever attack being unless it is provoked.\"The only way to correct these acts of cruelties is to sensitize everybody through awareness programmes. The media can play a vital role in this cause. Animals have as much of a right to life as we humans do on this planet,\" he said.Protest against poisoning of dogsVarious animal rights activists in Navi Mumbai will organize a 'Poison Biscuit Day' to highlight the poisoning of street dogs. \"On July 9, 2008, over 22 street dogs in Nerul were poisoned to death by unidentified people. No one was arrested. We want to mark the fourth anniversary this year to remember this alarming instance of cruelty,'' said an activist.'Poison Biscuit Day' will also be an ardent, peaceful appeal across the country to stop such cruelties towards animals. Another name suggested for the event is 'Pain, Poisoning, Pause Day'. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311691", "title": "Scarcity of funds hits venture", "text": "LUDHIANA: The discharge of domestic sewerage in Buddha Nullah would continue for six months more.The disposal units throwing untreated domestic sewerage water in the drain are installed on Tajpur Road, Gau Ghat, Transport Nagar, Shingar Cinema, Ganesh Nagar, Sunder Nagar, Kundanpuri, Tibba Road, Bhamiyan road, Chand Cinema, Haibowal dairy complex and Jamalpur. Out of these, only 3 units near Chand Cinema, Haibowal dairy complex and Jamalpur have been closed while 11 are functional.Additional commissioner, operation and maintenance cell, Manjit Singh confirmed blamed shortage of funds. He said, \"There was scarcity of funds, therefore sewerage related works were affected. We could not close all disposal units but now we will meet the deadline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312229", "title": "Talks of cabinet expansion gain momentum", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the newly constituted 47-member UP cabinet awaits allotment of portfolios, talks have started doing the rounds in the corridors of power here that it may be expanded anytime now. Though it is still not confirmed whether the expansion would coincide with Azam Khan's second swearing-in ceremony in Raj Bhawan on Sunday, it is almost certain that more than one minister would be administered the oath by Governor B L Joshi.SP insiders say that though some new faces are sure to be inducted in Team Akhilesh, the names are yet to be finalised. However, by Saturday evening, names of at least three SP MLAs were reported to have been cleared for induction in the cabinet by the party leadership. They are Shakir Ali, who defeated BJP state president Surya Pratap Shahi in Pathar Deva in Deoria, Narad Rai from Ballia and Shahdab Fatima from Ghazipur. Sources added that the party was also considering elevation in the status of a couple of ministers of state, including of Arvind Singh Gope, who were sworn in on March 15. Gope won from Ramanagar assembly constituency in Barabanki.Reports say that a chunk of portfolios were finalised within hours of Akhilesh Yadav being sworn in as the chief minister along with a team of 47 ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12311126", "title": "Online exam plan for defence forces", "text": "NASHIK: The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) is planning to introduce online examination facilities especially for its students from the defence and paramilitary forces.\"The recommendations made by the examination reforms committee are gradually being enforced in a phased manner. Hall tickets of students that were already available online were also made available at the respective regional centres through logins and the results of most of the examinations were declared within a period of 30 days. Many pending issues of students and study centers pertaining to examinations were sorted out on a war footing. Now, the university is in the process of setting up online examination facilities, especially for its students from the defense and paramilitary forces, said Dr R Krishnakumar, vice-chancellor of the university, at the convocation ceremony.Powerloom supervisors in Malegaon in Nashik district, despite being highly skilled in their trade, do not possess any formal certificate to that effect and are, therefore, unable to get entry to higher education. Using a rather unconventional approach, the YCMOU in collaboration with the ITI, Malegaon, and the Malegaon Municipal Corporation issued certificates to the personnel after objectively assessing their skill levels.Around 1,300 powerloom supervisors benefited from this proactive step taken by the university and many among them have now enrolled for the university's preparatory programme as a first step towards graduation, Krishnakumar said.\"Now, the YCMOU is planning to do likewise for the powerloom supervisors residing in Bhiwandi, Ichalkaranji and Mumbra regions, thereby providing access to education to them too,\" Krishnakumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12310340", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams employee found murdered", "text": "TIRUPATI: Mallikarjuna Rao, a 43-year-old TTD employee, was on Saturday found murdered inside the administrative building of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams, police sources said.He was senior accountant in the pay and accounts wing of the TTD. Police said the man had multiple stab wounds.One person, Srinivasulu, said to be the husband of a colleague of the victim, has been taken into custody in connection with the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310494", "title": "Govt sets SAIL in choppy sell-off waters", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday said that it was eyeing stake sale in around 10 public sector companies, including Bhel and Sail, during the next financial year to mop up Rs 30,000 crore from disinvestment.Disinvestment secretary Md Haleem Khan said the list could get longer as the public enterprises and programme management departments were including public shareholding as a key part of the corporate social responsibility compliance norms and all government ministries were being encouraged to ensure that public sector firms under their charge are listed.At the same time it dismissed suggestions that the sell-off target was exaggerated with a view to help finance minister Pranab Mukherjee show a sharp improvement in the deficit numbers for 2012-13. \"We looked at three options of targeting Rs 40,000 crore, over Rs 40,000 crore and Rs 30,000 crore. But we settled for Rs 30,000 crore as we wanted to show that we have a credible target that can be met... The market conditions have improved,\" Khan told reporters.For the last two years, the government has been targeting to mop up Rs 40,000 crore through sale of stake in profitable public sector companies but has not achieved the goal. It is expected to close the current financial year with receipts of less than Rs 14,000 crore from stake sale in Power Finance Corporation and ONGC , where shares were sold to institutional investors (largely LIC) through an auction process.Finance secretary RS Gujral said the government was looking at initial public offers and follow-on issues as the preferred route for raising resources although the cabinet had recently approved buyback of shares and cross-holding public sector companies. Khan said the process for sale is in various stages with cabinet nod already received for companies such as SAIL and Bhel. In case of Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) a management restructuring was underway, while MMTC too was undergoing the process of appointment of directors to comply with Sebi requirement.The disinvestment secretary said that companies such as Neyveli Lignite, where stake sale was put on hold during UPA I following protests by DMK, the government stake had to come down to meet the listing requirements of at least 10% public holding. Even MMTC was in the same situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12314873", "title": "Budget 2012 India disappoints infotech sector", "text": "MUMBAI: The Budget has left the infotech sector more or less sour, as it has not met most of its expectations.Terming the Budget as \"disappointing\", Tata Consultancy Services CEO &amp; MD N Chandrasekaran said, \"Our request to exempt income generated from special economic zones from minimum alternate tax (MAT) has not been granted.\"However, he added, \"It is a pragmatic budget with doses of good intentions for long-term growth, but lacks short term punch to get growth going. The focus on R&D; is good, as the weighted deduction of 200 percent for R&D; expenditure in an in-house facility has been extended beyond this March, for a further period of five years. For the IT industry, the advance pricing agreement (APA) will be useful to ease transfer pricing litigation.\"Zensar Technologies president &amp; CEO Ganesh Natarajan said, \"There is nothing much in the Budget for IT and not enough focus on incentives for skill building or tier 3 cities.\"(But) The announced advance pricing agreement may help transfer pricing decisions and the USD 1 billion venture capital fund focused on MSMEs is good for entrepreneurship.\"McAfee India and Saarc managing director Jagdish Mahapatra called the Budget \"moderately encouraging.\" \"We welcome the direct tax code and GST bills, as these proposals are aimed at bringing in uniformity in the taxation process,\" he said.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310931", "title": "Guard dies trying to prevent burglary", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 26-year-old security guard was stabbed to death at Karumathampatti on the outskirts of Coimbatore early morning on Saturday when he attempted to chase away two burglars. Employee of a private security service agency, C Hemaraj was working as a security guard at a textile mill owner's house at Karumathampatty.According to police, around 1.30am on Saturday, two people wearing masks jumped over the compound wall of the house. Hemaraj, who was on his round, saw them and tried to catch them. However, the two stabbed Hemaraj on his neck and fled the spot.The house cook S Kondammal had seen the two men jump over the wall after stabbing Hemaraj. She alerted the mill owner's wife N Leelavathi who in turn called her husband, C Nataraj. Nataraj immediately raised a burglar alarm.Workers from the mill rushed to the spot and found Hemaraj lying in a pool of blood. Nataraj alerted the Karumathampatti police, who arrived with the sniffer dog and other forensic officials. However, they could not trace any finger prints.Based on Kondammal's description of the two intruders, police have formed three special teams to nab the culprit.The house had seven CCTV cameras. The police are trying to find out clues about the two men with the help of CCTV footage.\"It seems the duo killed the security guard to prevent him from raising an alarm,\" said Superintendent of Police ES Uma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12311454", "title": "BJP may concede 6th Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar to JD-U", "text": "PATNA: With JD (U) adopting a stiff posture vis-a-vis BJP on the issue of contesting the sixth RS seat falling vacant soon, indications are that the saffron party would concede the seat to its NDA partner. Based on the respective strengths of the two parties in the state assembly, they are certain to bag five of the six seats.If they join hands for the sixth seat by pooling in their surplus votes after ensuring the win of their five candidates, they could wrest the sixth seat as well. However, both the parties have so far been eyeing the sixth seat, leading to backroom tussle between the two.On Saturday, when asked about the possibility of an end to the prevailing stalemate, CM Nitish Kumar said, \"Till the BJP takes a decision regarding its demand for third seat, how can I say anything on it at this stage?\" The JD (U) national president and NDA convener Sharad Yadav held discussions with Kumar on the matter here on Friday night.He would now hold confabulations on the issue with BJP leaders - its national core committee chief Arun Jaitley and party's general secretary and in charge of its Bihar affairs Anant Kumar, among others - in Delhi. Kumar would join them in Delhi for talks. Asked about the JD (U) candidates for the Rajya Sabha seats, Kumar said, \"We will retain the three sittings seats of the JD (U). We will announce our candidates after the BJP makes up its mind with regard to the sixth seat.\" Later, the party announced to retain its three sitting Rajya Sabha members - Mahendra Prasad, Ali Anwar and Anil Sahni.Meanwhile, the name of its state chief Vashishth Narayan Singh is being touted for the fourth seat. The BJP core committee on Friday night cleared the names of its two candidates from Bihar - sitting Rajya Sabha member Ravi Shankar Prasad and co-in charge of the party's Bihar affairs Dharmendra Pradhan - and kept its options open with regard to its demand for the third seat.State BJP president and the party's state core committee member Dr C P Thakur said that both the BJP and JD (U) would do everything to keep their mutual alliance strong and going, as they had done over the last 16 years. \"Small things do not matter. The two parties would not lose sight of the big picture,\" he said, adding that the matter would be settled during discussions in Delhi.With a candidate requiring 35 votes of MLAs in the 243-member state assembly to get elected to the Rajya Sabha, the BJP, with its 91 MLAs, would easily win two seats, and similarly the JD (U), with 118 MLAs, would easily secure victory of three candidates. The BJP would then be left with 21 surplus votes and JD (U) 13. Together, they could wrest the sixth seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12319990", "title": "Ulfa leader plans abductions with GNLA", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the city police confirmed that Ulfa hardliners had joined hands with the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), they have said top Ulfa leader Drishti Rajkhowa is planning abductions, extortions and other acts of terrorism in collaboration with GNLA. Drishti Rajkhowa alias Mohan Rabha is the head of the 109 battalion of Ulfa and a confidant of Paresh Baruah. This battalion of Ulfa is mainly responsible for transshipment of arms and explosives from Bangladesh. Acting on a tip off, the city police have initiated confidential discussions with the neighbouring Meghalaya police to chalk out a strategy to tackle any such possible activities.City SP Arupba Jibon Barua said: \"We have information that Drishti is in constant touch with GNLA militants trying to spread their tentacles in and around the city and some areas of lower Assam. There are inputs that he has on several occasions even been sheltered many by the Garo militant group in the bordering areas of Assam-Meghalaya.\"Rajkhowa is now the link between GNLA and other militant outfits close to Ulfa, and he will monitor abductions extortions and other terror activities in his domain, said intelligence sources. \"He has been in constant touch with some cross-border groups as well. He is still visits Bangladesh frequently through East Garo Hill areas of Meghalaya. GNLA, which has a foothold in some south Kamrup districts, is reported to be helping him,\" Baruah added.Replying to a query on the response of the Meghalaya police in this regard, Baruah said: \"We share good relations and I am sure that they will help us.\"Drishti Rajkhowa rose in the Ulfa ranks after Arabinda Rajkhowa and his followers participated in talks with the government. Ullfa chief Paresh Baruah promoted him to the post of deputy commander-in-chief along with Bijay Chinese, thereby forming a new central committee. Sources said that Ulfa hardliners' faction has deputed him to take charge of the lower Assam areasEarlier, six armed Ulfa militants were arrested by the Border Security Force (BSF) when they entered Kachuadogari in Meghalaya from Bangladesh, a BSF official said. The arrested cadres were found with some documents signed by Drishti Rajkhowa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311274", "title": "Team from UK visits Technopark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A two-member team from the UK visited the International Centre for Free and Open Source Software (ICFOSS) campus in Technopark here on Saturday.The team, comprising Ian Thornton, research associate, National Endowment for Science, Technology and the Arts ( NESTA), and Tom Wells of the British High Commission, held discussions with ICFOSS director Satish Babu on Open Source approaches to technology innovations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312208", "title": "Madhya Pradesh high court notice to Leeds Meet India, police chief, All India Council for Technical Education on students' petition", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh high court has served notices on two directors of a Bhopal-based educational institute - Leeds Meet India (LMI), state director general of police (DGP), All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and others on a petition by 150 students accusing the institute of cheating them.In their petition, the students have sought initiating criminal proceedings against directors Hari Mohan Gupta and Abhishek Mohan Gupta, realization of their fees and other expenditure worth Rs 15 lakh each and a compensation of Rs 30 lakh each.Counsel for students', Siddharth Radhelal Gupta said the students took admission in different professional courses run by LMI after they were told that England's Leeds University opened up its branch in the state capital in August 2009. The institute had told the students during the time of admission that it was recognized by AICTE, he said.Siddharth said that when the course was about to end last month, the LMI's management reportedly informed the students that they would not get professional degrees or bona-fide certificates as the institute wasn't a recognized one.After his submissions, a divisional bench of High Court comprising Justices K K Lahoti and T K Kaushal in Jabalpur on Friday served notices on the institute and others asking them to file their reply in four weeks.According to Siddharth, a foreign university was in a position to admit students in India only after signing a tripartite agreement with AICTE and the university concerned after fulfilling the guidelines of AICTE. However, he said LMI didn't follow any guideline, rather it lured the students with advertisements containing lies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312314", "title": "Gun-ho in Bollywood", "text": "A gun is pointing to his head. But the secret agent is as cool as M S Dhoni . Without a trace of quiver in his voice, he asks, \"Won't you ask me my last wish?\" The bad guy with the gun smirks, \"A helicopter to fly out of here?\"But poker-faced Agent Vinod - Saif Ali Khan in the title role - isn't so demanding. \"A cold beer,\" he says, before turning to his female companion and asking, \"Aap juice lenge?\"The cheeky exchange is inimitable of spy yarns where the men are always cool and the girls invariably hot. Popular in the late 1960s and dormant in the past few years, spy movies are back in the frame with director Sriram Raghavan's forthcoming Agent Vinod, which borrows its title from the 1977 Mahender Sandhu box-office smash (see 'My name is Sandhu' ).Spy films have a long history in Hindi films. Film historian Firoze Rangoonwala recalls, \"Director Ramesh Saigal's Samadhi (1950) was among the early Hindi spy films in post-independent India.\" A roaring box-office hit, Samadhi had actor Shyam playing an officer in the British army who spies on the INA. Ashok Kumar and Nalini Jaywant enacted lead roles in the film.But the genre grabbed spotlight in the late 1960s. Perhaps the 1962 war against China and the 1965 one with Pakistan created the climate for such movies. With sliding doors, blinking red lights, transmitter watches, femme fatales and revolvers that fired backwards - spy movies were rollicking fun. Farz (1967) and Aankhen (1968) were among the biggest hits. In Farz, Jeetendra plays a desi-Bond who must save India from being devastated by 'Chinese-looking' conspirators. In Aankhen, Dharmendra foils the nefarious plans of evil Doctor X and company, although he isn't exactly a sarkari agent. Among other similar films released around this time, only Shatranj (1969) was a winner. \"But not to the extent expected by the maker,\" says S Balan, son of its film director S S Vasan.In the late 1970s and 1980s, another brief flurry of spy movies followed the success of Agent Vinod and the G-9 movies (Surakksha, 1979; Wardat, 1981), where counter-espionage agents saved the nation, and sometimes the world, from megalomaniacs . But the genre never became as prolific as cop-robber or gangster movies. Says Deepak Bahry, director of Agent Vinod (1977): \"I wanted to do more secret agent movies. In fact, I had announced a movie called Agent Raj with Mithun Chakraborty. But despite my repeated attempts, I could never make another spy movie.\" The genre received a setback in 2003 when The Hero: Love Story of a Spy, made at a monstrous Rs 25 crore, flopped.The genre has produced its own masters such as Ravikant Nagaich, who directed Farz as well as the Gunmaster G-9 flicks. \"Being a cinematographer too, he was adept at trick photography and special effects . He even gave inputs about the design of the villain's den,\" recalls actor Ranjeet, who worked with him in Raksha (1981), where Jeetendra shares the same code name as the Farz protagonist: Agent 116. Jeetendra also acted in Bond 303 (1986) making him one of Bollywood's most prolific secret agents.Over the years, spy movies in India have become synonymous primarily with the James Bond style of movies: a ghoulash of fast cars, faster girls, guns and gadgets. The more cerebral side of the genre, as evident in films based, for instance, on John Le Carre's works, is outside the Bollywood frame. The littlewatched Mukhbir (2008), based on the life of a real Indian spy, seems to be an exception.Trade expert Taran Adarsh, whose father B K Adarsh produced and directed Spy in Rome (1968), says that in these globalized times a Bollywood spy movie automatically generates comparison with James Bond films. That means they must be technically at par with them. In other words, it's a risky and demanding terrain where only big-budget films such as Agent Vinod can venture.The new Agent Vinod has been lensed in Russia, England, Latvia and Morocco. \"He is flamboyant but real, a very Indian spy,\" says director Raghavan . A lot of fortunes will depend on the success of the lavishly mounted movie. And that includes the fate of spy movies in Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312378", "title": "Conductor slaps college girl over dirty banknote", "text": "KOLKATA: A bus conductor was arrested for slapping a college girl at Phoolbagan area on Saturday evening. Three students of Vidyasagar College boarded a Barasat-bound busof Basirhat-Babughat route. The girls gave a Rs 20 note to the conductor. When the latter returned a soiled note as the change, an altercation broke out, police said. While getting down from the bus, the girl allegedly abused the conductor. They gave a Rs 20 note as the fare of three passengers. The fare was Rs 15 and the conductor gave them a Rs 5 note. The girl refused to take the note as she alleged that the note was in poor condition, which led to an altercation. Following the altercation the conductor gave her a Rs 5 coin but the altercation continued.The conductor in turn slapped her.The girl and her two friends got down at Phoolbagan crossing when the woman allegedly abused the conductor. Narayan Das, the conductor got down from the bus and slapped. The girl informed a police patrol team which intercepted the bus and took it to Phoolbagan police station with all the passengers. Das was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312816", "title": "Joka-Tollygunge Metro work to start soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may no longer be in the good books of Trinamool Congress supremo and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , but there can be no denying the fact that he did his best to keep the proposed Metro links in Kolkata alive in his budget. Not only did he allocate over Rs 4,000 crore for the ongoing projects, he also pushed in small sums for those in which construction is yet to start. This was his way of ensuring that the projects are not scrapped, even if the railways portfolio were to change hands.One of these is the proposed link between Joka and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar (Tollygunge). Though physical work is yet to start for this 9.7-km stretch and the total project cost has not yet been finalized, Rs 30 lakh has been allocated to start work on a third platform at Mahanayak Uttam Kumar. This platform will handle trains from Joka when the project is completed.\"Even we were slightly taken aback at this allocation. The platform will cost Rs 9.8 crore and some work was carried on earlier to locate the spot where a third platform can be constructed. We had not expected any allocation this time though. However, now that some money has come in, work can start. Before actual construction starts, a lot of planning is required. There is also a lot of paperwork involved. The allocated Rs 30 lakh should be sufficient for this,\" an official said.Even after the Joka-BBD Bag Metro stretch is completed, the link from Joka to Tollygunge will be an important one as connectivity between the two locations is poor. With more and more residential complexes coming up along the city's southern fringes, better lateral connectivity is crucial, believe city planners.\"The 9.7-km link will be an elevated stretch that will cross Churial Khal and pass through Thakurpukur, Diamond Park, Kabardanga, Mahatma Gandhi Road and Haridevpur before reaching Tollygunge. There will be five intermediate stations. This will be a crucial link as people from Behala and other places near Diamond Harbour Road face a lot of trouble in reaching Tollygunge or Garia. At a later stage, if the Metro is extended up to Diamond Harbour, the entire southern part of the city will get connected. This will result in decongestion in the city as businesses will have no problem moving out of the central parts. This will also lead to development of the area through which the Metro passes,\" an official explained.As the people's reliance on road transport comes down, air pollution will also get reduced considerably, say experts. However, a lot of planning will be required before actual construction starts. The area through which this link will pass is extremely congested and construction will result in the blocking of roads and shifting of utilities. Land acquisition may also be difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12319862", "title": "Two Maoist bunkers unearthed in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The district police have unearthed two underground bunkers used by Maoists to keep their arms, ammunition, explosives and to take shelter in the forests of Tetahi in Nawadih block of the district.The bunkers were detected following a disclosure made by the arrested self-styled commander of Madhya sub-zone Phoolchand Soren alias Praveel Da during police interrogation. Soren, who was wanted in over 32 cases and carried a reward of Rs 3 lakh, was arrested along with his accomplice Bahdur Turi in a raid at Jamania village in Nawadih early on Saturday.The security personnel could not recover anything from the bunkers as the rebels had managed to remove the stock before police arrived. However, police consider the recovery of bunkers as a major achievement.\"During encounters with police, the Maoists often managed to escape by hiding themselves in these bunkers or get ammunition and explosive stocked in it. The Naxalites also hide bodies of their accomplices and provide shelter to those who get injured in encounters in these bunkers. Earlier, in several anti-Naxalite operations in Upperghat areas of Nawadih, the Maoists have managed to escape taking help of the bunkers,\" said SP Kuldeep Dwivedi.\"One of the bunkers unearthed in the jungle between Tetahi and Checharia has concrete walls. It is situated near a pond behind the bushes. Its entry was small like a rat hole. But once you creep deep inside, you will reach a big room at the end. However, to get to the entry point of the bunker one has to pass through water. There was a pipe installed inside the room connected to the outer area for passage of air. While the other bunker is small in comparison to the former, it seems the Maoists use it to hide their weapons,\" said Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310827", "title": "School shuts shop, leaves kids in the lurch", "text": "BANGALORE: Pooja Bhalla's joy knew no bounds after the National Centre for Excellence, a CBSE-affiliated school set up its campus in Bellandur on Sarjapur Road a year ago. Pooja liked it for her 2-year-old son because of several reasons, the main being proximity - it's less than 1km from their apartment. But a year later, the school has closed its doors to all 47 children.On Friday, the school gates were locked, and parents say the school decided to shut down without any prior notice. On Friday afternoon, the school asked parents to either continue the students at its Malleshpalya centre or look for other options. Despite parents' requests to meet the principal, the security staff didn't let them in and asked them to pick up their wards at the main gate. Only after parents threatened they'd file a complaint did the principal appear but couldn't justify the decision to shut shop.The worried parents say the management chose not to break the news earlier in order to retain all children for their Malleshpalya centre, which is 12km away. \"Despite knowing they'd be shutting down soon, they kept admitting children till this January. If we were informed earlier, we'd have explored other options. Now, it's too late. Admissions have closed in almost all schools,\" said another parent Smita Rauniyar.\"All of us paid Rs 10,000 as refundable caution money, Rs 30,000 as admission fee and Rs 45,000 as annual tuition fee. We asked them to return that money, but there's been no communication,\" said Kavitha Mannava, another angry parent.Another reason for parents to choose the school was its supposed collaboration with National Public School. The four-storeyed (GGR Tower) sports the school name and its tie-up with NPS. But founder principal of NPS group of institution KP Gopalkrishna told TOI: \"There are about 20-28 schools across the city who put 'National' in their names just to give the impression that they're associated with NPS. I don't know who these people are, but they're clearly misusing our name. We have no collaboration with any school in the city.School mumSchool principal JR Redhu declined to talk to TOI. \"Where did you get my number from? I do not want to talk about it. I don't know which school you are talking about,\" said Redhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312140", "title": "Gold, cloth traders observe strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Jewellery shops in the Old Sarafa market in the state capital remained closed on Saturday following the three-day strike called by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGFTF) against the one percent increase in excise duty over gold proposed by the Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Budget 2012.Meanwhile, the cloth merchants also observed a bandh following a call by the clothes merchants association to protest against the 5% VAT levied of clothes by the state government.Hari Narayan Goel, president Sarafa Association Chowk informed, \"Around 300 jewellery shops in Old Bhopal remained closed on Saturday.\"\"Previously customs duty was 1% which was doubled in January this year. Now, again the Union Budget proposes to raise it to 4 %. While customs duty is at point of import, the excise duty of 1% would affect every trader,\" he added.\"The excise duty hike will affect the small jewelers and benefit the big players. The new duty regime would sound a death knell to small businesses while the multinationals companies would thrive, said a member of Gems and Jewellery Federation.The jewellers have threatened to go on an indefinite strike if the duty hike is not rolled back.Mukherjee, in his budget presentation on Friday, had announced for one percent excise duty on unbranded jewellery and doubling up of customs duty on standard gold bars, gold coins and platinum to four percent.\"We have closed our market for three days and all the gold shops in the country will remain closed. All the jewellers of India will keep their markets closed for three days. We were hoping for some help from the government, but instead they have taken away all the help we had so far,\" said a trader of the New Market Sarafa Association.Meanwhile, cloth traders of Rajdhani Vastra Vyavasayi Sangh Bhopal also kept their shutters down on Saturday in protest against the 5% VAT proposed by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311339", "title": "Six injured in police-resident clash in Sodala", "text": "JAIPUR: At least six people were injured in a clash between police and residents of Raakhari colony in Sodala locality here on Saturday. The residents of the colony had allegedly taken two youths hostage and when police reached at the spot in the evening, they pelted stones at them. Police had to use force to disperse the mob.The residents were accusing the two youths identified as Ashim and Giriraj who were inmates of a Chaudhary hostel in the area for allegedly taking part in an extortion along with some shopkeepers of the colony. On Saturday, a dairy owner, Radhey Shyam, had a verbal confrontation with the youth and later they were taken hostage and allegedly thrashed.After the incident came to the notice of the police, a team of senior police officers, including the deputy commissioner of police (South) in-charge Vijendra Jhala, rushed to the spot to rescue the youths. The mob pelted stones at the police in which three policemen were injured. In the police retaliation, at least three people were also injured.\"We have rescued the youths. But three of our men were injured in the stone pelting. The situation is a bit tense but is under control,\" said Anil Rao, assistant commissioner of police, Sodala, said.The hostel belongs to the family of Sumeet Bargasara, the state president of National Student Union of India, and one of his brothers Rohit Bargasara who was also seen at loggerheads with the residents of the colony.\"These youth were into extortion along with the traders. Despite several complaints, police did not bother,\" an agitated resident of the colony.Heavy police force was to spot where the situation remained tense till the late night.Senior police officers were at the spot with a heavy police force, however, no arrests were made till the late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315214", "title": "Railway unions threaten agitation against any rollback in fares", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supporting the fare hike, five Railway employee unions on Sunday threatened to launch an agitation against any possible rollback.In a letter to Prime Minister, they have sought his intervention to ensure that the fare proposal in the railway budget is not withdrawn.\"We request you to kindly intervene and take steps that the fares hike proposal is not rolled back without providing matching support to the Indian Railways from the general exchequer,\" Railway unions wrote.Coming out strongly in support of the fare hike, railway unions - AIRF, NFIR, IRPOF, FROA, IRPOF - voiced their concern over the \"politicisation\" of fare hike.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has earned the wrath of his party chief Mamata Banerjee for proposing a fare hike in the Rail Budget. Railways had hike fares in 2003 and since then no railway minister had touched them.The employees claimed that the railway minister has been made a \"scapegoat\" for his decision on fare hike.\"We are expressing our deep sense of anguish for making the Railway Minister a scapegoat for his justified decision in the interest of railways and the nation.\"\"14 lakh railwaymen are upset over politicisation of the Railway Minister's fares hike announcement when the whole nation knows that such hike is warranted for ensuring safe, secured and smooth functioning of the system,\" the letter to the PM said.The unions urged that politics should not be allowed when the Indian Railway's agenda is aimed at providing more efficient services to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12320118", "title": "Conference on paediatric emergency care in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: A national conference on pediatric emergency was held at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra to discuss the scope of introducing paediatric emergency care in the state and to train health officials on handling emergency situations.Although the state's health care services are improving, when it comes to paediatric emergency care, there is little awareness amongst people and there are very few trained personnel to take care of emergencies.The state did not have any specialized training in paediatric emergency until now though Assam has one of the highest infant mortality rates (IMR) of 58 per 1,000 live births, which is also higher than the national figure of 51 per 1,000 live births, and neo-natal death rate of 39 per 1,000 births.Narayan Sharma, pediatrician of Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) said, \"At present, the state has about 500 paediatricians but, this is not sufficient. So, we have introduced a training programme for para-medical staff and school teachers. 140 nurses have already been trained to tackle pediatric emergencies.\"He said, \"In the remote areas, the situation is worse in remote areas so we conducted special training for school teachers as well to enable them to tackle such situations in school. Around 50 school teachers from different parts of the state have been trained at present. We plan to conduct more such trainings.\"\"We do not have any specific paediatric emergency department even in government hospitals though there is a paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) and neo-natal intensive care unit (NICU) in the GMCH,\" he added.Suresh Gupta, senior pediatric consultant from Ganga Ram Hospital, New Delhi, who was also present in the conference said, \"Different pediatric emergencies need to be tackled differently. A child suffering from asthma would have to be tackled differently from the one suffering with measles. But, if the patients get serious then both need proper care till the time they are admitted in hospitals.\"\"There are a lot of cases where children die on the way to the hospital because there is no one to take care of the patient at that time. So we need more specialists to help the patients during that time and this kind of training would definitely help in emergency situations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312527", "title": "Gateway not quite a getaway", "text": "The Gateway of India stretch is a pedestrian plaza today. But four years ago, before its makeover, the plaza area was a narrow strip. The garden on the plaza was large with lawns, but barricaded. Parking was chaotic and a toilet block was bang in the middle of it. While all this is in the past and more space has been created for people to enjoy the waterfront, the quality of the historical precinct's restoration was dented by ego clashes and government interference , rue residents. The government also restricted public movement in some areas after 26/11.Several of those involved or affected by the redevelopment process have called it either a \"disappointment\" or a \"bitter\" experience. \"They chopped off a lot of trees, the lawns were destroyed, the parking is gone. Today we cannot walk there; tourist vehicles are parked in bylanes and there is horrendous noise even in the afternoons. It's a total mess,\" said Meher Sanjana , a resident and member of the Colaba-Cuffe Parade Residents' Association.The Gateway of India-a remnant of the Raj-is a historic monument, not just in Mumbai but across the country . While regular visitors to the Gateway who live in the vicinity agreed that the redevelopment had increased plaza space, \"the quality of work is not half as good as Marine Drive,\" said a resident requesting anonymity.The residents' association had opposed the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) plan prepared by architect P K Das. They had wanted a combination of the INTACH and Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) plan prepared by architect Charles Correa.Tasneem Mehta, vicechairman , INTACH, said the government had implemented the restoration project and they had no control over it. \"The quality of work is not good. We did the Bhau Daji Lad Museum where we raised the funds and were able to deliver an extraordinarily high quality of work. There are constraints working with government contractors. You have no control as you are not signing the cheques. I am disappointed with the way the work was executed, though we tried very hard,\" she said.The idea to restore the Gateway was mooted by the UDRI, which signed a memorandum of understanding with the BMC. The Indian Merchants' Chamber had offered to pay for the restoration as it was its centenary year. UDRI asked Correa to draw up a restoration plan. Around the time the plan was presented to the BMC and the heritage committee approved it, INTACH said it was the plan Correa had prepared for them in the '90s. But UDRI maintained that the new plan drawn up by Correa was different . This led to a bitter battle between the two groups and the state stepped in.INTACH, in the meantime , approached Das to prepare an alternate plan. The state set up an empowered committee to go through the two plans, and selected Das's plan. The BMC was to bear the expenditure. As the plan was being implemented, it was chopped and changed several times by officials.As per the initial INTACH plan, the ticket-vending kiosks for ferry tickets and food stalls were to be set up under a raised garden. However, the government decided against it as the MHCC had raised objections . The raised garden was to be like an amphitheatre that would have provided a magnificent view of the monument and the sea as well as accommodate amenities underneath. \"We still managed three little tiers. Our weather does not permit an open plaza, you need shaded gardens. We could not avoid the visual block due to space constraints, that is why we thought of the raised garden,\" said Mehta.The historic monument is a terror target. On August 25, 2003, a bomb exploded at the Gateway, killing 16 people. The plaza witnessed terror on November 26, 2008, when four gunmen attacked the Taj. At the time of planning, the government had insisted that a car park be a part of the makeover. But post 26/11, it has been sealed. The garden, which was opened for the public, has been barricaded.Meanwhile, the kiosks continue to be empty, and the ticket as well as food counters are where they were. The BMC has not moved them as arrears for the present location have not been paid. Four years after the plaza was inaugurated , the BMC is yet to take a decision on these issues . INTACH members said they planned to approach the municipal commissioner to shift the ticket counters to the kiosks. Mehta said they were forced to create the kiosks at this location, \"and now they are lying empty and all kinds of elements have taken them over. We were forced to create a car park, and now after 26/11, it is not being used.\"Das said that one of the biggest gains of the redevelopment was that it opened up a large public open space and put an end to the \"anarchy\" there. \"There were toilet blocks in a traffic island and another in the middle of the plaza ,\" he said. The redevelopment resulted in a proper parking lot and a garden but security threats sealed these off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311389", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau to file FIRs against college owners, officials", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) will start lodging FIRs against several government officials involved in inspecting the facilities at private nursing colleges in the state and their owners after scrutiny of documents seized during raids on Friday. Glaring irregularities like several colleges of different streams running in a single building have come up during the inspection of 48 nursing colleges.Sources in the ACB said that prima facie, connivance of Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council officials with owners of private nursing colleges have been noticed.\"The members of inspection teams from Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council which recommended accreditation to these colleges were apparently hand-in-glove with the owners. They will be booked for misusing their position,\" a senior ACB officer told TOI.He added that it is hard to believe that these officials were befooled by the nursing colleges to that extent.\"The irregularities are startling. Of the 48 colleges inspected during raids on Friday, at least half-a-dozen buildings have housed several colleges of different streams including nursing, BEd and even a school,\" said the officer.Besides, it was found that in records, the address of some colleges is elsewhere, while they are situated at a different location. Similarly, two different societies are running different colleges in a single building.\"The irregularities like colleges not having basic facilities including labs and other infrastructure are common place in almost all the colleges,\" said the officer.IG, ACB, DC Jain said that there are two ways to get recognition by these colleges. \"One is to approach the Rajasthan Nursing Council, the other is to get it from Indian Nursing Council,\" said Jain.He added that the scrutiny of the documents seized during raids will be completed soon. \"These documents will be verified with the records of the two councils and action will be taken against guilty private individuals and public servants accordingly,\" the said.Some members of the raiding teams in the state said that the standard of facilities and teaching is so poor in these colleges that even the senior students were unable to measure blood pressure using equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312166", "title": "Job fair a big draw on day one", "text": "LUCKNOW: A two-day placement fair began on the Lucknow campus of School of Management Sciences (SMS) on Saturday.It is being organised by the SMS in association with Ascent, and will conclude on Sunday at 5 pm.The first day of the event witnessed an impressive footfall. With over 30 companies like Airtel , Zee News Ltd , Aircel, Bajaj Group, Eureka Forbes etc participating in the fair, it drew a large number of students and job seekers. Soumitra Kumar Dutt, global head, HR, ABG Group, was present as the chief guest.Speaking on the motive behind organising the event, Sharad Singh, CEO, SMS, said, \"We believe that there is no dearth of talent in students. The real problem lies in the availability of opportunities. This event aims at addressing this issue by giving students recruitment avenues.\"Dutt praised the college management for organising the fair. \"This event shows that they (college authorities) are concerned with not only educating people but also providing them with opportunities to apply for lucrative job openings,\" he added. tnnSpeaking on how such events help companies in their recruitment process, Noshir Abbas, HR officer at Motor and General Sales Ltd, said, \"Participation in such events helps us in gaining access to a large pool of potential employees. Such fairs definitely make the recruitment process easier for us.\"Unedited text below:Talking about the skills looked for in potential employees Ashish Mishra, Business Manager of NIIT, said \"We are a an IT company hence lay utmost emphasis on technical and domain specific expertise. Additionally we expect potential employees to have good soft skills, loyalty, a professional attitude, a formal look and enthusiasm. And I think such placement fairs should be organized more often because we are able to discover some of the brightest and sharpest minds here.\"Talking about the significance of the fair for faculties Neha Srivastava, a faculty at SMS, said \"Such events help us to interact with people from the industry and hence make our teaching methodologies industry friendly.\"Students, however, were the big winners. Speaking about the job fair Mayank Krisha, an engineering student, said \"The placement fair helps provides us with a plethora of opportunities and gives is just the platform we need to showcase our potential and talent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314843", "title": "He\u2019s proof that proxy prayers work", "text": "Recent success has left hockey player Sardar Singh with no time to pray. But his family connects with God on his behalf.Who: Sardar Singh, midfielder, Indian hockey team You know him as: Player of the Tournament after India thrashed France in the final of the Olympic Qualifiers in New Delhi last month. Hailing from a small hamlet in Haryana's Sant Nagar, Singh matured from inside-forward to centre-half, a position he relished for a while, before he was asked to defend in the 2010 Azlan Shah Cup. In 2008, under his captaincy, India reached the finals of the Azlan Shah Cup after 12 years. He is currently DSP with the Haryana police.What's your first childhood memory of God? I remember praying a lot with my family. I belong to the Namdhari sect of the Sikh community, and I think it's the blessings of His Holiness Sri Satguru Jagjit Singhji, the religious head of Namdharis, that's helped me get to where I am.The one time in your life you prayed with all your might, is... Unfortunately, I don't get enough time to pray anymore, since I am always busy with hockey practice or matches. But my family prays for me, and that helps.If someone were to give you crayons and drawing paper, and tell you to paint God, what would he/she look like? I cannot draw God, because you can't compare Him to anybody or any form. He is omnipresent.If you had to break down a successful match in terms of three factors - individual hard work, the form you are in on D-day, God and destiny - what weightage would you give to each? I think it's an equal combination of all three.Do you pray before a match, and to whom? I always pray before and after a match to Sri Satguru Jagjit Singhji.A world without God would be... Nothing but a vacuum.Do you have a lucky charm? No, I don't believe in charms.norbert.rego@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310508", "title": "Tax outgo on short-term gains to rise", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union Budget 2012-13 which has introduced minimum alternate tax to individuals will increase tax outgo for non-taxpayers recording short-term capital gains.For instance, if an individual not coming under the tax net generates a short-term capital gain of Rs 20 lakh, he presently pays tax at the rate of 15%. However, under the Budget proposal the tax rate would go up to 18.5%. So instead of Rs 3 lakh, the tax outgo would be Rs 3,70,000.The explanatory memorandum in the Budget states, \"Under the proposed amendments, where the regular income-tax payable for a previous year by a person (other than a company) is less than the alternate minimum tax payable for such previous year, the adjusted total income shall be deemed to be the total income of such person and he shall be liable to pay income-tax on such total income at the rate of eighteen and one-half per cent.\" The good news is that the alternate minimum tax would only apply to those whose income for that year exceeds Rs 20 lakh.According to Nikhil Bhatia, executive director, PriceWaterhouseCoopers, income from tax free bonds or long-term capital gains which are allowed as deductions under Section 10 of Income Tax Act would not be subject to minimum alternate tax.Besides individuals life insurance companies are also hit by the application of MAT. \"For a life insurance company, introduction of MAT (Minimum Alternate Tax) at 18.5% of book profits is an unexpected proposal that needs to be rolled back as most of the life insurance companies have huge accumulated losses\" said Vivek Mathur, CFO, Tata AIG Life Insurance.\"Currently, the normal income tax rate on profits of a life insurance company is 12.5% and tax is payable after accumulated losses are wiped out. In current environment of more than 25% year on year de-growth in new business premium, the industry is grappling to grow business post change in unit linked regulations. The entire business model including products will have to undergo a change if MAT is applied.\" he added.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12311641", "title": "Missing pre-university student found dead on railway track", "text": "MYSORE: An 18-year-old student, who was missing since Friday morning, was found dead on the railway track near Mandya in the night.The deceased, Abishek was a II PU student of Sadvidya Educational Institution on Narayan Shastry road here. According to sources, Abishek, who left his TK Layout residence on Friday morning to write II PU biology exam, did not return home . He did not appear for the exam also.According to his father Jagadish and family members, Abishek had called them on telephone, claiming that he was kidnapped.Panic-stricken parents, lodged a complaint with Devaraja police, who formed teams to trace the missing boy.His body was found on the railway track near S D Jayaram layout, 2 km from Mandya railway station, late in the evening.Abishek was an intelligent student, who had secured 98 % marks in the SSLC examination and 95 % marks in the I PU examinations. However, he was depressed since a week and had expressed difficulty in scoring high marks in the exam, police said.Police claimed that they have recovered a letter, written a week ago by Abishek, indicating that he was depressed over life. Mandya railway police said the tragedy happened around 8 pm on Friday.Late in 2011, several students, including two from the Regional Institute of Education, an engineering student from NIE, had committed suicide in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310379", "title": "Man held for killing teen daughter over her affair", "text": "MUMBAI: Honour killing has reared its ugly head in Mumbai.A shop owner was arrested for the murder of his 13-year-old daughter at Marve, Malad, as he did not approve of her relationship and for \"bringing shame to his family\". The accused, Agyaram Jaiswal, was allegedly aided by his two elder daughters, aged 15 and 17, who have also been held.Officials said Agyaram initially lied that his youngest daughter, Preeti, ended her life by hanging herself at their house on Thursday. But a post-mortem examination revealed that Preeti had been strangled.Agyaram runs a pickle store and stays with his family at Rathodi village in Marve. Preeti (the victim) used to study in Class VII at a local school and assisted her father in the shop sometimes. Her elder sisters worked at an embroidery unit in Kandivli.Locals said Preeti's family did not like it when she befriended any boy and the girl was often allegedly beaten up at home for this; this happened two days before her death as well, they claimed.On Thursday, Preeti was alone at home after her father left for his store. Her elder sisters went to collect their dues from the embroidery workshop, while their mother had gone to their hometown in Gonda, Uttar Pradesh, the previous week. \"Preeti was in a relationship with a youngster. He told her that he was in need of money as he had to leave for Delhi where a relative was unwell. Preeti called him to her residence to take the money while her family was away. Her neighbours saw the boy enter the house and complained to her elder sisters when they returned home from the workshop,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh.Preeti's sisters were livid and banged on the door while the boy was still inside the house. The couple panicked and Preeti advised the youth to escape through a window. Later, when her father returned home, Preeti's sisters narrated everything to him.\"Agyaram was furious with Preeti for allegedly maligning his family's reputation. He had learnt about Preeti's relationship from his two elder daughters, but hadn't paid much attention to it till Thursday. He used a sewing machine cable to strangle Preeti to death,\" a police official said.Agyaram then took Preeti to Bhagwati Hospital, where doctors declared her dead. Asked to go to the cops, Agyaram went to the Malwani police station and said his daughter committed suicide by hanging herself. \"After Agyaram's involvement was established, we arrested him and his two elder daughters who assisted him,\" said Shaikh. \"The trio has admitted to the offence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311779", "title": "Nilkanth Halrankar's case closure opposed", "text": "PANAJI: An application has been filed before a special judge on Saturday opposing the closure report filed by the anti-corruption branch of vigilance department in the case of the Colvale land scam alleging corruption against former trourism minister Nilkanth Halrankar.Kashinath Shetye and two others, who had filed the complaint, has approached the special judge. The applicants have sought a direction from the court to the investigating agency to carry out a fair and proper investigation into the alleged offences committed by the accused.The applicants have alleged that the investigation officer has turned a blind eye to the evidence furnished by them. \"The offences complained about cannot be allowed to be glossed over and swept under the carpet in the manner that it is sought to be done\", the applicants said.\"The manner in which the investigating agency have abdicated their duties and obligations under the Criminal Procedure Code and exercised their discretion there under by their whims and caprices is most arbitrary, illegal and contrary to the law of the land,\" the applicantion states.In January 20011, a JMFC court directed the vigilance department to register an FIR within 24 hours on a complaint filed against the tourism minister for allegedly causing loss to the government exchequer by illegally allotting government land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310392", "title": "Legal eagles slam government\u2019s stand on Pakistan 26/11 panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The government's decision not to allow the Pakistani commission to cross-examine 26/11 witnesses has caught flak from some legal experts, who feel it will benefit the seven main conspirators in Pakistan.The 13-member Pakistani commission arrived in Mumbai on Thursday to record the statements of four witnesses-chief investigating officer Ramesh Mahale, chief metropolitan magistrate Sawant Waghule (who recorded the confessional statement of Ajmal Kasab ), Dr Shailesh Mohite of Nair Hospital and Dr Ganesh Nitukar, medical officer in the forensic science department at JJ Hospital.A section of lawyers raised eyebrows as to why the government did not allow the Pakistani panel to cross-examine the witnesses.\"This move will help the accused in Pakistan and give them the benefit of the doubt in the absence of cross-examining,'' said a senior lawyer who did not wish to be named.However, special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam told TOI: \"According to the agreement between the two countries, the commission was to only record the statements of the four witnesses, which would help them build a case against the perpetrators of 26/11 in Pakistan.'' The commission recorded the statement of Waghule on Friday; on Saturday, it completed recording the statements of the three remaining witnesses.The team will visit Haji Ali dargah on Sunday and leave for Delhi early on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12319680", "title": "Akhilesh keeps lion's share, Raja Bhaiyya gets prison", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday allocated portfolios to the new ministers in his government. Akhilesh kept the bulk of ministries, including the key home and finance, with him.finally distributed departments to his cabinet ministers on Sunday evening. Akhilesh himself kept 50 departments, including the crucial home, vigilance, power, civil aviation, estate, forest and housing, with him.Independent MLA Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya, who was jailed by previous chief minister Mayawati and against whom there are pending criminal cases of attempt to murder, kidnapping and abduction, has been given Prison department.Raghuraj Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiyya, with eight criminal cases over his head, got the department of prisons.Azam Khan will be parliamentary affairs minister. He will also handle the department of urban development, Muslim Waqf, Water supply and Haj.Samajwadi Party chief, Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother, Shiv Pal Singh Yadav will be the public works department (PWD) minister. Shiv Pal will also take care of the department of irrigation, including its attached wing -- irrigation (engineering).Mulayam other trusted loyalists like Ahmad Hasan has given the department of medical and family welfare. He will also take care of the department of mother and child care. Waqar Ahmad Shah and Ambika Chaudhary who have been allotted with the department of labour and revenue department respectively. Raja Aridaman Singh will be the minister of transport.Besides handling the department of prisons, Raja Bhaiyya will also take care of the department of food and civil supplies. Singh had been the food and civil supplies minister in SP's previous regime.The department of agriculture has been allotted to Anand Singh , while Balram Yadav will the minister of Panchayati Raj.Likewise, Ram Govind Chaudhary will be minister for child development and basic education. Durga Prasad Chudhary will be minister for stamp and civil defence. Brahma Shankar Tripathi has been allotted the department of home guard and technical education.There are four ministers with independent charge as well - Arvind Singh Gope who has been allotted the department of rural development; Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar have been given rural engineering and small scale industries respectively.Aruna Kori who took oath on Sunday only has been allotted the department women welfare.Besides, there will be 24 state ministers. Abhishek Mishra, who won from Lucknow north will be attached to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. He will also take care of protocol department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12317185", "title": "Girl refuses marriage proposal, stabbed", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A girl was on Sunday stabbed by a youth after she refused his marriage proposal in Hapur city near here, police said.The incident took place at Panchsheel Nagar area. The victim was rushed to a hospital in critical condition, they said.According to police, the man was earlier arrested last year for throwing acid on the same girl.He was released on parole about 10 days ago. Search is on for the man who fled after committing the crime, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315734", "title": "Hansika Motwani's busy and lovin' it!", "text": "Actor Hansika Motwani is a veritable jumble of excitement and energy; given that she has a release due soon as well as a few major projects in her kitty, the young starlet is definitely on a roll.On what she's been up to recently, Hansika says, \"\"I've been working round the clock. I have Singam 2 with Suriya coming up and now I also begin shooting for Vettai Mannan with Simbu. Besides shooting, I have been completely immersed myself in the promotions for my upcoming release Oru Kal Oru Kannadi , where producer Udhayanidhi Stalin makes his debut as lead,\"\" adding, \"\"I'm looking at a few films in Telugu and some films are still confirmed on paper, but that's still in the works.\"\"While Hansika's popularity is soaring in all south Indian film industries, the actor was recently declared the 'Dream girl of Kollywood' at a recent gathering in Singapore. On this, Hansika shares excitedly, \"\"Of course I am excited! It's such an honour!\"\"While on a roll in the south, would she consider an offer from Bollywood? \"\"I have at least 3 projects on the floors right now. For me, what is important right now is that I honour those commitments and finish shooting before I actually take up anything else. Of course, I would love to do a Bollywood film; but right now, I love the kind of work I'm doing down south, and I want to finish what I've started,\"\" the starlet signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311575", "title": "AC train travel: Steep increase in fare", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a double whammy for those planning to travel by train's upper class to various cities across the country. After the recent railway budget made AC travel heavier on the pockets, 3.6% service tax was further levied on it via the Union Budget, thus making the tickets cost even more.In his budget, the Union finance minister included rail travel in the service tax net, proposing to levy 12% service tax on the total ticket amount subject to abatements. Railway officials, however, stated that despite the respite, 3.6% would be the effective tax rate - big enough to hamper travel plans.Those travelling by second and sleeper classes have, however, been exempted from the burden of additional levy and kept in the 'negative list' of services, railway officials said. ''Only first class and AC will be under the service tax net,'' they clarified.Besides the hike of Rs 30 paisa per km for AC travel in Wednesday's rail budget now, passengers have to shell out 3.6% over and above the higher fare, which is equivalent to Rs 36 on purchase of a ticket worth Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312422", "title": "Police arrest one for harassing women", "text": "INDORE: The special unit of police 'We Care For You', which deals with the complaints related to women, arrested a 20-year-old youth, who was allegedly harassing two married women by sending them obscene messages on the mobile phones and making calls.The police informed that one of the victims, a resident of Bhanwarkuan, approached the police around a month ago and complained against Akash Yadav. The police said the women had mistakenly sent a missed call to Yadav after which he started sending her objectionable messages and called her.The women reportedly shared her problem with her friend who in turn called the accused and warned him. The accused harassed the latter too. The police later arrested Yadav from his residence at Aradhana Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312695", "title": "Cab driver, friend guilty in Pune BPO staffer\u2019s murder", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Saturday held a cab driver and his friend guilty in the 2007 rape and murder of BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhari. The punishment will be decided on Monday.Driver Purshottam Borate (30) and Pradeep Kokade (24) were charged with criminal conspiracy, murder, gang rape and misappropriation of property.The convicts stepped into the witness box with folded hands and pleaded with the judge to take a lenient view while awarding them punishment as they were the sole earners in their families.They said they were falsely implicated in the case. The judge told them that the prosecution had proved the charges against them and they could raise the issue before the high court.Defence lawyer Atul Patil sought minimum punishment - life imprisonment - considering the financial status of the convicts. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, however, quoted a Supreme Court ruling and prayed that the prosecution and the accused be given reasonable opportunity to argue the sentence.Borate and Kokade, had picked up Jyotikumari from her sister's residence at Pashan in Pune around 10.30 pm on November 1, 2007. She was on night shift. Instead of taking her to the office at Hinjewadi, they took her to Gahunge village in Talegaon Dabhade, about 35 km from Pune, along the Pune-Mumbai Expressway.In an inebriated condition, they raped Jyotikumari at Gahunge. Despite her pleas to not kill her and assurances that she would not reveal their names, Borate and his friend strangulated her before smashing her head with a heavy stone. They also snatched her ornaments and mobile phone and dumped her body before fleeing.Jyotikumari, a BSc graduate, was working as an associate with the BPO since December 4, 2006. Her family is from UP's Gorakhpur and currently lives in Delhi. She was staying with her sister, who was married, at Pashan. Prosecution had examined 27 witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312433", "title": "Best brains deconstruct Union Budget", "text": "KOLKATA: Before every Union Budget, people wait in anticipation to get few more tax exemptions from the government. that will help them lead a good life.This year was no exception. But, the Union Budget 2012-13 could not draw much appreciation from people.In a threadbare post-Budget panel discussion on nationalBudget 2012-13, organised by the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, Kolkata centre, in association with ET in Campus, on Saturday, panelists cutting across various professional arena analysed the Budget and put forward their views on it.Professor Ajitava Ray Chaudhuri of Jadavpur University said this year's Budget was very conservative. \"There is nothing very dramatic in the Budget. I don't find any innovative schemes that were started this year,\" he said.He said the government needs more financial savings from the common people, which goaded it to introduce a new scheme Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme, that will allow forincome tax deduction of 50% to new retail investors, who invest up to Rs 50,000 directly in equities and whose annual income is below Rs 10 lakh. The scheme will have a lock-in period of three years.\"Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme is just to boost up the financial savings as it has shrunken in the recent past,\" Ray Chaudhuri said.The proposal floated by the government to allow individual taxpayers a deduction of upto Rs 10,000 for interest from savings bank accounts to help a large number of small taxpayers with salary incomes up to Rs 5 lakh and interest from savings bank accounts up to Rs 10,000, is also aimed at increase in financial savings, he said. However, Ray Chaudhuri said government's bid to open up the economy to external commercial borrowings and trying to get foreign investment into the core sector is a new step.Panelist Anjan Kumar Roy, a company secretary, said the Budget was a wholesome statement of the government policies. He emphasized that the government should have stronger acts for direct and indirect taxes so that it becomes at par with global standards.Rakesh Somani, executive director, Eureka Securities, said the proposed increase in service tax in the Budget from 10 % to 12% will impact cost of transaction in stock markets. \"Stock market doesn't depend on Union Budget only. Budget is just one of the events, which has short term impact on the exchange,\" he said.Panelist Pritam Chowdhary, senior manager tax &amp; regulatory services, E&Y; India, highlighted the implications of the Budget on international tax proposals. The discussion was moderated by Dr Ranajoy Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12315497", "title": "Decision on joining UPA would be taken by Mulayam: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said the decision to join the UPA government at the Centre in the changed political scenario would be taken by Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh.\"Any decision to join or not to join the UPA government will be taken by 'netaji' (Mulayam Singh). He is going to Delhi and will decide on the SP stand regarding joining UPA\", Yadav told reporters at Rajbhawan after oath ceremony.He was asked to comment on the reported statement of Congress leader Digvijay Singh that SP could join the UPA government.\"The relation of SP with Congress will be decided by Mulayam. SP had given support to Congress-led UP but did not join the government earlier\", Yadav added.Senior SP leader and cabinet minister Azam Khan when asked on the issue, said, a party like SP does not take any political decision on statements issued in media. \"We have not taken any cognisance of it (Dijvijay's statement)\".\"Whether SP will join UPA or not will be a big decision and statements issued on this by Congress in media were not a good practice\", he said.\"Congress should stop issuance of irresponsible statements in media on the issue\", he added.Asked about the party's response if Congress president Sonia Gandhi invites SP for joining UPA, Khan said that the decision could not be taken at media's behest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311751", "title": "Over Rs 30 crore lying unused with Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University has about Rs 30 crore lying useless in its kitty. The money collected from students over six years have not been used for what they were supposed to be used for. This was revealed in Saturday's Senate meet that turned out to be unique as members discussed problems faced by the students.TOI has consistently raised this issue in its various reports, criticizing the members for ignoring students in their dirty politics. Still, a majority of members preferred to just listen to the discussion while handful of them raised their voices for the issues. The domination of the young brigade could be gauged as they forced NU bosses to first discuss last year's October 15 'adjourned' meeting before taking up the budget for which Saturday's meet was convened.Members cornered NU administration over failure to update the NU website despite paying crores to MKCL. NU had been charging Rs50 from every student since 2005-for 'e-Suvidha' facility. Under this, MKCL was supposed to provide everything from students' enrolment to their results, online. However, it failed miserably with the operations starting only in 2009-10. Even then it has uploaded data of only 1.28 lakh students out of 4 lakh till date. In the process, NU collected over Rs5 crore since last six years which is lying unused with them. The members asked NU to write a strongly worded letter to MKCL to update the portal.Similarly, it collected Rs56.24 crore as exam fees from students. However, the expenditure was Rs34.26 crore for conducting them which means they saved a whopping Rs22 crore. The members pulled the administration on why they were not returning money to the students.Even MLA Devendra Fadnavis and MLC SQ Zama spoke on many issues while supporting others in their demand to come clear on UGC's Model College in Gadchiroli which had become a bone of contention between NU and Gondwana University. TOI on March 2 reported as to how both universities have locked horns over the 10-acre land in Gadchiroli that was initially allotted to NU for its sub-centre but later handed over to GU. NU officials fiercely opposed handing over of prime piece of land citing Model College while GU officials took help of government's gazette notification of the transferred land rights.The members pointed out the failure of NU in increasing the students in Model College. NU was supposed to get a grant of Rs8 crore for the college but could attract only seven students. VC Vilas Sapkal then assured the House that they will raise the issue on government level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310593", "title": "Pakistani dad braves odds for daughter's treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malik Sarsa Khan had lost five children before. So when his daughter Samreen Fatma (3), who was born seven years after the death of his last child, was diagnosed with liver cancer, Khan, a Pakistani driver, decided to \"beg, borrow or steal\" to fund her liver transplant surgery in India.Though the government of Punjab in Pakistan stepped in to help him financially, he was robbed off at gunpoint in Lahore while on his way to India. A determined Khan, somehow, managed to reach Apollo Hospital in Delhi. When finding a liver donor became difficult, he decided to donate 20% of his organ to his datreaughter.A 10-hour surgery has cured Samreen. \"Liver transplant surgery for children is not conducted in Pakistan. I was told to go to either China or India. I had more faith in Indian doctors and decided to do whatever it takes to get my daughter under their care. I cannot believe that my daughter, who barely spoke a word, used to be down with high fever almost every alternate day and could not stop itching her body and vomited blood, is talking non-stop these days. She is behaving like any other normal child,\" a beaming Khan said.He added \"I had lost my last child also to liver disease. However, this time I was not going to give up. Doctors said Samreen was suffering from an inherited disease and it could be because I am married to my cousin sister - a practice being followed in my family for over three generations.\"Samreen's case transcended \"against all odds\", said Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director of Apollo Hospitals . \"It was heart-warming to see the commitment of the father to save her daughter. Samreen was very ill when she came to our hospital and we were worried whether she would be fit to withstand the liver transplant. Now, she is cured, and is expected to go back home on March 21,\" said Sibal, a paediatric liver specialist.Transplant surgeon Dr Subhash Gupta said Samreen was suffering from an inherited condition - progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC). The liver, one of the largest organs in the body, cleans the blood and helps fight infections. It also stores vitamins, sugars, fats and nutrients that travel to the rest of the body. It also removes billirubin whose presence causes jaundice. The liver is responsible for making bile. The build-up of bile in PFIC causes the liver to be damaged. \"This eventually leads to scarring in the liver that leads to cirrhosis or cancer. If Samreen hadn't undergone the transplant, she would have died soon,\" Dr Gupta said.He added, \"She was malnourished, unable to walk, eat and be mentally alert. The surgery took about 10 hours. In the 70 transplants I have done on children, I can recall only three instances when a father donated for a daughter. Though she is cured, she will have to be on anti-rejection medicines for the rest of her life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312549", "title": "Mayor has no official residence in city!", "text": "NAGPUR: It's strange but true. There is no official residence for the first citizen of the city.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had proposed the construction of a Mayor House more than five years ago but has not been able to make any headway.Being the second capital of the state, Nagpur houses posh and sprawling official residences for the governor, chief minister, deputy chief minister and many other cabinet ministers. All these are occupied barely for a few days in year. The president of the zilla parishad - a body that governs the rural parts of the district - too has a house in the city.Even the municipal commissioner has an official bungalow which is located at the Law College square. But the mayor, who is elected from the city, has no official residence.A comparison with other municipal corporations in the state shows that the mayors of Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane have official residences. They are located in prime areas and citizens can meet the mayor at special timings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310846", "title": "IAF chief\u2019s four-day Bangladesh trip begins today", "text": "NEW DELHI: In consonance with India's policy to further step-up bilateral military cooperation with Bangladesh, IAF chief Air chief marshal (ACM) N A K Browne will leave for a four-day visit to Dhaka on Sunday.ACM Browne will call on Bangladesh President Zillur Rahman and PM Sheikh Hasina Wajed and also hold talks with the three Service chiefs General Mohammed Abdul Mubeen, Air Marshal S M Ziaur Rahman and Vice-Admiral Zahir Uddin Ahmed during the visit.\"A wide range of bilateral issues on the ongoing defence cooperation between the two countries will be discussed. Further areas of defence cooperation, including joint exercises and training programmes, will also be outlined,'' said an official.India remains wary of China's deep strategic inroads into Bangladesh, which includes a direct rail-road link to the port city of Chittagong and its help in constructing the Sonadia deep-sea port at Cox's Bazaar.India has actively worked towards bolstering ties with Bangladesh over the last three-four years, with one of the main objectives being the need for both countries to `resolutely' tackle terrorism together.Since 2009, India has also been holding direct Army-to-Army staff talks with Bangladesh to chalk out the programmes to be undertaken by the two forces in the future. The importance of the talks can be gauged from the fact that India has similar staff talks with just a handful of countries, which include the US, the UK, Israel , France, Japan, Australia, Malaysia , Indonesia and Singapore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310247", "title": "Residents unhappy with slashed Employees Provident Fund Organisation's rates", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Employees Provident Fund Organisation's decision to slash the interest rates to 8.25% for the current fiscal has not gone down well with city residents.CM Kutykrishnan, a retired Airforce officer and now working with a private company was planning to contribute additional amount from his salary towards EPF for the coming fiscal year. However he changed his decision after the announcement.Employees working with organisations in the city are in dilemma about making investments in EPF.\"It was the interest rates which pulled the employees to invest more money into the provident funds. Besides it was safer and it was seen as a security for future with better returns,\" he said.Moreover, several banks are paying better returns and that might lead the people to think twice before putting their money into EPF, Kutykrishnan noted. He further said that his plans to invest the money in the Public Provident Fund have also changed for the fear of interest rates being slashed.\"Instead I would take a risk and invest my money in mutual funds, where at least I can expect a better return, he said.R Rajaram, working in a software company, says \"the best thing about EPF was that it was deducted every month from you salary, without your bothering about it. The money was saved in your deposit. Along with the contribution from employer the interest increased your amount, but this will not remain the same.\"\"It will hit the employees who are earning less,\" said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital. Many people use the deposit for their futures needs; however the move will reduce their savings.Only the employer would be befitted now as he would have to contribute less, while the employees would suffer, he complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310504", "title": "Two youths nabbed for stealing idols", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youths who stole antique idols from an ashram in Uttar Pradesh and came to Mumbai to sell them off were arrested by the city crime branch.Unit X of the crime branch arrested accused Mustaq Daroga (22) and Sandeep Singh (26) and recovered six statues made of precious metal from them. Both the accused have been handed over to the Saini police in UP. Police said the approximate value of the statues was around Rs 6 lakh.Daroga told the police that he and his five associates in his native place stole the idols and came to Mumbai to sell them as he had to clear his debt. Cops suspect the idols were to be sold to foreigners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310907", "title": "An alliance with banana cake", "text": "BANGALORE: Fresh out of the oven, neat rows of gorgeous banana cake accost the senses. Eyes close, nose seeks out the flavours, and feet lead you straight to Cafe de la Liberte.Rajan Vasudev stands behind the counter, armed with a smile lilting from ear to ear. And you catch yourself say, 'hey, I've come home to grandpa's'. Although Rajan at 37 is no grandpa, over the past 17 years almost every visitor to Alliance Francaise de Bangalore might have felt just so. Rajan's dual love for people and food, a heady combo, seldom fails to attract people. In fact, when he first came to work at Java City, which had a counter at Alliance 17 years ago, Rajan became acquainted with croissants and with students who came here to learn French. \"Java shut its counter here two years after I arrived. So I approached the management to set up Cafe Liberte. They agreed and I've been here since, tossing up one recipe after another,\" says Rajan.15 YEARS &amp; GOING STRONGIn the first two years, this hearty cook made croissants and samosas by the hundred every day. And hundreds of friends , as Alliance brimmed with students of French, musicians and theatre folk. \"Since I love meeting new people, I felt happy to be here. Cooking is in my genes. I once rustled up the banana cake, which 15 years later is still the patented specialty,\" beams Rajan.What makes it special are the secret ingredients - cinnamon, banana, maida. Well, what's so secret about it now that Rajan's given out the recipe? \"I make it with love - that's the secret,\" he laughs. Rajan enjoys teaching people to cook. \"I conduct free classes and many people come to my little kitchen to learn. Recently, a French lady took the banana cake recipe back to France and sold it at a bakery near Eiffel Tower. She called the other day to say what a big hit it was. I was so happy,\" he says.Giving people what they want makes Rajan tick. \"Over time, I studied the palettes of people and included a variety of seasoned-cheese recipes to the menu. I rotate 30 flavours through the week. Recently, I added biriyani and masranna to the list,\" says Rajan. All these recipes, confirms the natural cook, have evolved by trial and error. \"I never follow any set recipe, but just put together what I think people will enjoy. I've grown up watching mom cook. She's 80 now, and still, what she serves comes straight from her heart ,\" he confirms.HIS MUSESIf Rajan's mom is his muse, well, his father also attracted him to the world of food. \"Appa came to Bangalore 40 years ago from Vellore and set up a bakery in Ulsoor. He's no more, and none of my seven older siblings are in this business. But it's my bread and butter today,\" he says.Rajan has certainly hit upon the right ingredients for business. \"Fifteen years ago, I earned Rs 200 a day. Now, I earn Rs 6,000 a day,\" he says. What he's earned most is the goodwill of people. Students who've arrived by auto and forgotten to get money, feel at ease and borrow cash from Rajan.Over the years, stalwarts from Bangalore's theatre community have found in Rajan, a friend and confidant. Joseph Raj, technical co-ordinator at Alliance Francaise for 33 years, confirms: \"Rajan is special, so is his affordable food.\"THE CROWD FOLLOWS HIMWhen we started doing plays 17 years ago, Rajan was always a huge support - morally and literally. Before every single play I'd ask him, 'do you think people will come?' He'd always say, there are far more people waiting to watch your play than you think. He did so much to publicize our plays and was responsible for the great audience we got. Alliance is special because of Rajan and Joseph. Where Rajan goes, the crowd follows!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310865", "title": "Chief justice seeks information on banning religious practices", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday adjourned the hearing on a PIL seeking a ban on the Made Snana ritual near the Subramanya shrine in Dakshina Kannada district. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen wanted to know whether there are any instances where the courts banned a religious practice. The next hearing is on Tuesday.\"Banning children from the ritual can be considered. But how can we ban others if they undertake it voluntarily? Is there any decision where the courts banned such practices?\" the bench wanted to know from the counsel representing the petitioners. The counsel described the practice as pernicious and against the spirit enunciated in the Constitution which speaks about imbibing the scientific spirit. They also said the practice is against human dignity.The counsel also said the saliva in the leftover food can cause various communicable diseases like tuberculosis and cholera to persons who roll on them. 'Made Snana' is a ritual in which people roll on plantain leaves off which Brahmins have had a meal.Notice to RBI, state govtA division bench headed by the Chief Justice ordered notices to Reserve Bank of India and the state government with regard to a petition filed by DM Suresh of Bangalore. The petitioner complained that though there's a stipulation that maximum interest on secured interest should be 14% per annum and unsecured loans should be 16% pa, Muthoot Finance and Manappuram Finance have been charging interest at an exorbitant rate of 30-36% per year. \"The registrar of cooperative societies have issued exemption certificates to them and the RBI is not honoring them,\" the petitioner has stated.Arjuna awardee's pleaJustice K L Manjunath on Friday directed the government to consider the plea submitted by G Venkataramanappa ,a physically challenged athlete from the state who sought payment of the Rs 13 lakh cash award which is due to him for over a decade.The petitioner, an Arjuna and Ekalavya awardee who has represented the country in several Asian, World and Olympic events in weightlifting, shot put, discus and javelin throw said despite repeated pleas, the cash awards he's entitled to have not been disbursed to him. He's working as a draughtsman in BEL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311198", "title": "Kurisumala pilgrimage to begin from March 21", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The five-day annual 'Kurisumala pilgrimage' would begin from March 21. This year's theme of the pilgrimage is 'Cross is symbolic of the devotion of the soul', said Fr Joyi Mathias here on Tuesday. Kurisumala, a hillock near Vellarada with its scenic beauty, the 'last supper' painting on the rock, the memorial hall of St John Baptist and the holy cross at Neruka attracts thousands of believers.Vellarada panchayat and the Kadayalamoodu town panchayat of Kanyakumari will jointly provide water, food and medical aid to the pilgrims. The hilltop shrine at Vellarada, under the Latin Catholic diocese of Neyattinkara, which saw a massive influx of pilgrims last year expects more pilgrims this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12320270", "title": "Vets' strike hits MVU services", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tool-down strike by contractual veterinary doctors, which entered its fifth day on Sunday, paralysed mobile veterinary unit (MVU) services in several areas here, sources informed on Sunday.MVU services in Kudumulguma, Potangi, Kotpad, Chandahandi, Umerkote, Bisamkatak, Muniguda, Padampur, Kolnara, Thumulrampur and Jharigaon blocks have come to a grinding halt due to the strike. The sources added that beneficiaries of the centre's dairy entrepreneurship development schemes were also hit by the development.The veterinary officers are seeking the abolition of contractual appointments that offer a meagre monthly salary of Rs 9300 at the end of their five-year courses.The Orissa Veterinary Association vice-president, Dr Ananda Sagar Dash, said the government is offering the veterinary officers contractual jobs that are associated with a lot of uncertainty. He suggested that the appointments should resemble that of the MBBS doctors whose jobs become permanent in the stipulated duration of the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311668", "title": "State Bank of India coin exchange fair", "text": "The Panjab University branch of State Bank of India organized a coin exchange fair on Saturday. 195 bags of coins of denominations of Re 1, Rs 2, 5 and 10 were distributed. Many individuals and traders visited the branch to avail the benefit.Surgical training: The department of ENT at PGI is organizing a two-day hands-on cadaveric head and neck and temporal bone workshop on March 17 and 18. The workshop is aimed at training young surgeons to perform surgical procedures.Meet discusses caste-based census: The Centre for Human Rights and Duties, University Institute of Emerging Areas in Social Sciences, Panjab University, organized an interactive session. The session was chaired by Pam Rajput, former chairperson, department of political science and founder director centre for women studies and development, PU is currently executive director, women resource and advocacy centre.Business Summit 2012: Dr IT Group of Institutes organized its 5th national seminar and Business Summit 2012 on a??Creating High Performing Organizationa?? at ICSSR Panjab University. Veera Gupta, secretary CBSC, Delhi, in her inaugural speech emphasized thoughts of Maharshi Dayanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12311106", "title": "'Emphasis on higher education has paid off'", "text": "NASHIK: Expanding higher education alone cannot ensure a continuous and growing supply of quality manpower, it has to be combined with fundamental reforms of the curriculum and service conditions by fully exploiting the possibility of private sector initiatives to attract high quality faculty, said professor A M Pathan, vice-chancellor, Central University of Karnataka, Gulbarga.Addressing the gathering at the 18th convocation ceremony of the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) at the university premises on Saturday, Pathan expressed his views on emerging trends and changes in the Indian higher education system especially in the context of inclusion, expansion, access and quality concerns.\"The emphasis that the country has put on quality higher education decades ago, by setting up IITs and other premier educational institutions, has paid us rich dividends. However, the educational infrastructure has to be enhanced in the contest of rising challenges and this is being done, as seen in the focused initiatives of the government in the establishment of new IITs, IISERs, Central Universities and IIMs in various parts of the country and the upgrading of NITs as national-level research institutions,\" Pathan said.The scope for expanding capacity through private sector initiatives in higher learning must also be fully exploited, while also ensuring that quality standards are not diluted, Pathan added. Unless this is done on an urgent basis, we will fail to attain global standards, he said.Quality education for all can be achieved through proper utilization of the advanced technological resources available to the open distant education (ODE) system.The need of the hour is to create a broadband-enabled network, linking all teachers, learners and other stakeholders, particularly partners from industry and civil society to enable the system to best utilize the technology at its disposal.\"Distance education is becoming more abundant, especially online, and location independent, increasing the need for effective course-management systems and teaching strategies that utilize technology. Various studies have shown that well-designed and well-managed distance education programmes produce learning outcome equal to those of conventional face to face instruction. The main function of open and distance education is to extend higher education to non-traditional learners by adopting an open, flexible and relatively inexpensive approach. Increasing access to higher education, which is relevant and need-based, has been and remains the mantra of the ODE system. This inclusiveness is aimed especially at those who are at a disadvantage in the conventional system with respect to age, gender, geography, social and economic background,\" he said.The 18th convocation ceremony of the YCMOU was also attended by YCMOU vice-chancellor R Krishnakumar. Around 73,436 students were conferred with degrees and diplomas, including 48,464 graduates, 3,491 post-graduates and 21,438 diploma course students. Gold medals were presented to 23 students for their outstanding performance in the 2010-11 exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315655", "title": "Beyonce says baby looks like Jay Z", "text": "She may have given birth just a couple of months ago but Beyonce has returned to her pre-pregnancy weight within weeks of delivering daughter, Blue Ivy.And now the curvy singer has revealed that her infant looks just like her husband Jay-Z and feels the baby is changing all the time. The Love On Top star, who welcomed Blue, her first daughter, on January 7 earlier this year, reportedly confided this bit of information with her friend, singer Melanie Fiona .\"Beyonce says Blue changes every day and looks just like Jay now. She just is so happy. I've seen Bey like three times since she's had the baby,\" Melanie was reported as telling a magazine. \"And she's just glowing and says that motherhood is the best thing to have happened to her, and she just loves it,\" she added.As for Jay-Z, Melanie said that he was on a perpetual high. \"He's in a good mood all the time!\" she said.Beyonce's sister Solange recently revealed that she would not be giving her sibling any advice about raising her daughter. \"No, I really feel like because I had my son so young, I didn't want everyone's help. I think people felt entitled to give advice, so I'm always very sensitive to moms and letting them feel their way out. But there have been times when she'll ask, and I'll gladly give her advice,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12310883", "title": "Man held for cheating mother", "text": "A 41-year-old man was arrested on Friday for forging documents and cheating his mother. According to police, V Vasanthamani owned 80 acres of agriculture land at her village. She had two daughters and a son, V Nandhakumar, who was managing 60 acres of the land. Vasanthamani had handed over the 20 acres of land to her elder daughter Jayamanju. However, Nandhakumar got a signature on empty stamp papers from Vasanthamani and used them to sent a notice to Vasanthamani in January 2012.He accused her of making an agreement with Nandhakumar's father-in-law Muthusamy about the 20 acre land and later giving it to her elder daughter. However, Vasanthamani lodged a complaint with Ramanathapuram police station. Police arrested Nandhakumar on Friday. His father-in-law, Muthusamy and Balasubramaniam and Muruganandam, who signed as witnesses are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12316661", "title": "How to make Gurgaon safe for women?", "text": "GURGAON: There seems to be no stopping crimes against women in Gurgaon. Not a week passes without a rape, molestation, abduction or murder. In the past one month, there have been more than six cases of rape or molestation. These are just the crimes that are reported. Add to it the cases that never come to light. The lawlessness is reaching unimaginable proportions. Gurgaon is perhaps the most unsafe city to be in India if you are a woman.If you too feel that this city has had enough, do not stay quiet. Come forward and raise your voice. Tell us what should be done .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12311315", "title": "Prohibitory orders in Jaisalmer after violence", "text": "JAISALMER: Sub divisional magistrate, Jaisalmer, Ramesh Chandra Jain on Saturday imposed prohibitory orders in the town under Section 144 of IPC following incidents of violence for the past three to four days.The orders were imposed to curb the activities of anti-social elements and to ensure that secondary board examinations are held smoothly. The prohibitory orders will remain effective till midnight of April 17, 2012.Additional police personnel have been deployed in the town. Students staying at Rajput hostel have been sent to their homes.In the past four days, over six people were injured in incidents of violence out of which three are undergoing treatment at hospital. The district collector on Saturday called a peace meeting to discuss the recent inter-caste violence. After this, the district administration decided to impose Section 144. However, foreign tourists have been kept out of Section 144.After an attack on two youths recently, over 30 people were arrested. However, a mob gheraoed the police station and pelted stones. The police conducted a lathicharge to disperse the mob.Minor incidents took place on Wednesday night and on the next day. A case was lodged at the police station in the night, but on Friday at 10am, a few youths demanding arrest of culprits, blocked the road opposite the police station.SP Mamta Vishnoi said that additional police force have been deployed and the situation is under control. Separate police teams have been sent to arrest the anti-social elements. Many station in-charges have been deployed in Jaisalmer to maintain law and order.She said that imposition of Section 144 will not affect tourism business and the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312398", "title": "Analgesics do not cure pain, they only suppress it: Doctor", "text": "When faced with any kind of physical pain-be it a jointpain, muscle pull or a headache , most of us pop a painkiller. Soon, the pain subsides , but what you don't realize is that the painkiller may be playing 'tricks' on certain organs to give you relief. According to doctors , the occasional intake of painkillers is not harmful, but regular unsupervised dependence may lead to health problems.Painkillers, say doctors, do not cure pain, only suppress it. In fact, if the pain is an outcome of a health condition, patients are trapped in a dangerous cycle. Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital said: \"The most common painkillers available are Non Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs), which can create problems like ulcers in the stomach and kidney damage. Excessive use of painkillers cause cause of which blood supply to that particular area is decreased leading to these problems.\" A decreased blood supply can cause dryness in the organ, leading to ulcers and may also affect elasticity of organs like the stomach.The most common side-effect is chronic acidity. \"When a body is given too many painkillers over a period of time, it may lead to acidity, gastritis and peptic ulcers in any part of the gastro-intestinal tract including the stomach , intestines and duodenum. Apart from this, it can cause renal failure, as the kidneys have to excrete them out completely,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals. What exacerbates the situation is that people usually end up taking painkillers on an empty stomach or with just two gulps of water. \"This leads to acidity and makes it difficult for the kidney to flush the painkiller out,\" Dr Bajan added.Dr Shahid Barmare, consultant physician with Kohinoor Hospital at Kurla said he recently received a patient who had taken a few painkillers because of body ache. \"He came to us with hematoma when he started vomiting blood. He suffered internal bleeding and was in intensive care,\" said Dr Barmare.\"Painkillers increase the PH levels in the body. Too many of them in a limited amount of time cause gastric erosions. Some may even cause erosion in the liver if it is unable to break down the painkillers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312804", "title": "Byomkesh vs Byomkesh: Producer takes fight to halls", "text": "Don't be surprised if you bump into posters of two Byomkesh Bakshi movies this Friday. While producer Rana Sarkar is all set to release the 'Abar Byomkesh' on March 23, producer Kaustuv Roy has also decided to re-release his 'Byomkesh' on the same date.The reason: Roy has an axe to grind as far as Anjan Dutta is concerned because of what he describes as an \"unprofessional behaviour\" on the part of the director. Now unless a miraculous intervention happens, Tollywood is going to see the biggest war of theatres while the audiences go searching for clues on which is the real Byomkesh movie that they want to watch.Says Kaustuv, chairmam, RP Techvision Ltd., \"After the success of the first edition of 'Byomkesh Bakshi', we had planned to produce the second Byomkesh as well. Accordingly, we met up with Anjan-da. I had two requests for him - one was to cast Kanchan and the other was to take Sampurna. I wanted to cast Kanchan as Falguni - the tipsy artist. Sampurna was my choice for Rajani - the character played by Swastika. In the book, Rajani is a 19-year-old girl and I felt Sampurna would do more justice than Swastika. When I produce movies, I want certain actors to be there in my film. It isn't that I want to interfere with his casting. But the point for me was there's no harm in giving a chance to a little girl like Sampurna. Besides, Kanchan is an established actor too. Anjan-da agreed and sent a mail on this to me and we had decided to start shooting in May. The budget sent across to me by Anjan-da's unit was Rs 85 lakh for this production and I was fine with it.\"Yet, one fine day it was reported in the media that Dutta was doing his Byomkesh with another producer. \"I was in Mumbai and Anjan-da called me up and rubbished the reports saying he was still going ahead with me. I believed him and it was decided that we should shift the shooting dates to September. Meanwhile, I also stalled my other projects because I wanted to concentrate on this one first,\" Kaustuv adds.However, things took a very different turn when Kaustuv came to know from the media that the director was going ahead with the movie that would be produced Rana of Dag Creative Media Private Limited. \"I tried calling him up but he had initially refused to take my call. When he took the call, I told him that what he did was absolutely unprofessional. I have no fight with Rana. It's a democratic country and any producer can make any movie. But there should be some basic courtesy. But at that very point, I had said that I would take him on when he went ahead with the movie's release.\"That's exactly what Kaustuv has now done. \"I have 40 halls under my control and I will release the first edition of 'Byomkesh' there,\" he insists. What if he is offered a huge sum of money to withdraw his threat? \"No one can buy Kaustuv Roy. Unless Anjan-da does a press conference and admits that he has been unprofessional, I will not withdraw. I have nothing against Rana but let Anjan-da face the music now. I find it quite interesting to see how Byomkesh has turned into Sherlock Holmes in the poster.\"Rana, on his part, admits that the situation is slightly tricky. \"We have made a good movie and are confident about it. I know about the whole issue and am not perturbed. I knew that there were two casting impositions and a budget related issue as well when Kaustuv was speaking to Anjan-da about doing this movie. The film's budget has crossed over Rs 1 crore 45 lakh and we have not cut any corners. The only concern is that some people will be cheated if they mistakenly go ahead and watch the first film.\"However, re-releasing films on the same date is not a new phenomenon. Says Subhas Dutta, marketing manager of Dag Creative Media Private Limited, \"It had first happened during the release of Dinen Gupta's 'Marjina Abdullah' and Madhu Bose's 'Ali Baba'. Both released on the same day and became bumper hits. Madhu Bose's 'Ali Baba' was re-released after a gap of more than 20 years and yet it rocked the box office when it released again with the Dinen Gupta movie. However, Dinen Gupta and Madhu Bose didn't have any fights between each other. The same thing happened with Tarun Majumdar's 'Sohor Theke Dure'. It was written by Sailajaranjan Mukhopadhyay. The old 'Sohor Theke Dure', which was directed by the writer himself, was also released on the same day. Another such repeat happened with 'Sandhi' when both the old and new versions of the film released on the same day. As far as 'Byomkesh' is concerned, we are not worried at all. Today, movies have no repeat value on the big screen. Things were different during the days of 'Ali Baba', 'Sohor Theke Dure' and 'Sandhi'. Besides, Kaustuv is just using his muscle power to pay in advance the theatre rent charges to run his old 'Byomkesh'. We, in contrast, are charging a minimum guarantee and advance from the hall owners to screen the movie. Of course, we are in a better position.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312821", "title": "Kochi Metro awaits Public Investment Board\u2019s nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kochi Metro is expected to get the approval of the finance ministry's Public Investment Board (PIB) soon.The Planning Commission has sent its appraisal report on the Rs 5181.79-crore project to the PIB for clearance along with both the options for implementation- Chennai and DMRC models.Under the Chennai model, the Centre will have a stake in the 25.30-km project in which both the stakeholders will have 15% equity each, and the rest will be mobilized through loans.Sources said the Plan panel has showed its preference for the Chennai model, while the urban development ministry, which has approved the Detailed Project Report submitted by the state government, suggested the DMRC template.The PIB meeting will to be attended by all ministries concerned along with the Planning Commission. Once the PIB clearance comes through, the proposal will go to the Union Cabinet for its final nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12311710", "title": "Cops to showcase SIMPLEE K on crucial by-elections today", "text": "MANGALORE: A familiar crackle of walkie talkie sets of police will largely give way to sounds of cell phone keypads when by-elections to 15 Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency gets underway on Sunday.Thanks to Smart Information Messenger for Public and Law Enforcement Engagement Karnataka (SIMPLEE K) developed by the western range of police department, SMSing about election-related process will be the in-thing on the D-Day.Developed by Hyderabad based Zestwings IT Services for the police, this software has been programmed to receive messages from around 2,200-odd pre-registered users to a pre-fixed number '9901199011' on poll day.These include 1,633 presiding officers in as many booth set up for the polls, and around 416 sector and supervisory officers with SMS containing details such as situation in polling booths and polling data at pre-fixed intervals.In case, where there is no cell phone network coverage in any particular given area, sector police officers have to collect polling data in booths under their jurisdiction and SMS it to the above number as and when they reach network coverage area. SMS sent to above number is monitored by team of policemen at the control room of Inspector-General of Police (Western Range) and forwarded to officials concerned for necessary follow up/information.Noting that this software has been developed for purpose of by-elections, Pratap Reddy, IGP told reporters that software developed can send out simultaneous SMS to 5,424 police personnel working in 90 police stations of Western Range, including based on their ranks. \"We can send out 5,000-odd SMS in a matter of 10 seconds,\" he said adding this was the easiest means to communicate in modern times where all carried a cell phone with them.Clarifying that the above number is a stop gap arrangement for poll purpose only, Pratap said it is up to state police top brass to take a call on scaling it up with improvisations as required,for entire state police.\"We have showcased this technology to head of police force,\" IGP said adding the capability in terms of rolling out citizen centric services with this is immense. We can migrate to national number planning once the technology is proven, Pratap added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12320138", "title": "Co-operative banks to be linked to nationalized bank ATMs", "text": "SURAT: Lakhs of account holders of co-operative banks will soon be able to withdraw money from nationalized banks' 84,000 ATMs across the country. Nearly 60 cooperative banks in the state, including 15 from south Gujarat, have started the process to get connected with the nationalized banks after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) took a decision in this regard recently.\"Account holders of Surat Peoples Bank, Prime Bank and Sarvodaya Bank will be able to avail of this facility in the next two months. Saraswat Bank and Cosmos Bank account holders have this benefit already. SUTEX Bank, National Cooperative Bank, Varacha Cooperative Bank and others will get linked with the nationalized banks within three to six months,\" said Gujarat Co-operative Bank Association Limited president Jayvadan Bodawala. \"Banks need to get licences and clearances from RBI for transactions. Hence, it takes time,\" he said.Account holders will be given a special ATM card. National Payment Co-operation of India (NPCI) will work as a facilitator. All co-operative banks will have to be a member of NPCI. Smaller banks that can't become a member of NPCI will have to get linked with bigger co-operative banks for ATM facility. Some banks like the city-based Prime Bank have tied up with ICICI Bank, which will act as a facilitator for the former's customers.\"In the initial stages, all co-operative banks will bear the cash withdrawal charges for their customers,\" said Bodawala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312574", "title": "Defence research and development organisationto focus on new missile systems, UAVs", "text": "PUNE: The defence research and development organisation (DRDO), which has been allocated Rs 10,640 crore in the Union Budget 2012, will put a major thrust on projects including development of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), Kaveri-II engine for the light combat aircraft, and new generation and tactical short-range missiles, in the year ahead.\"The allocation is 6% more than what we had received last year. We expected an 8% increase, but the allocation meets our requirements by and large,\" said DRDO's director general V K Saraswat during a visit to the Vehicles Research and Development Establishment (VRDE) at Ahmednagar, about 110 km from here.Saraswat, who is also the scientific advisor to the minister of defence, performed the 'ground breaking' ritual for the country's first of its kind vehicle dynamics test track. The Rs 26.99-crore facility will go operational from November 2013 at the VRDE for testing of defence and commercial vehicles. Chief controller of research and development S Sundaresh and VRDE director C P Ramanarayanan accompanied Saraswat.The DRDO chief identified other thrust areas related to development of a new system for the 155-mm artillery gun, a bi-modular charge system, which is ammunition for the 155-mm Howitzer gun, and new materials for high-temperature and armoured applications, including those required for hypersonic missiles and new generation turbines.He said, \"Almost 40% of the DRDO's budget goes into development of strategic systems, while the remaining 60% is utilised for the science and technology-based programmes. The UAVs form a key component of these programmes while the focus is also on the new generation missile systems that go beyond the existing Agni V.\"Referring to the area of armament, Saraswat said, \"It has been almost a couple of decades since the country has opted for development of a new gun system. The time is ripe for us to do undertake strong activities in this area. The Pune-based Armament Research and Development Establishment is working on this new system.\"He added, \"The bi-modular charge system or BMCS, as it is commonly referred to, has successfully gone through various trial processes and is now set to go for production by the Ordnance Factories soon.\"Asked about the defence offset from the $ 11-billion deal for 126 French-made Rafale combat aircraft for the Indian Air Force, Saraswat said, \"The matter is being handled by another department (the Defence Offset Facilitation Agency), but we expect that the provision of offset is used to bridge the technology gap. We have given a list of items to our offset management team to work on.\"The offsets, which were first introduced in the Defence Procurement Policies of 2005 and 2006, refer to the provision of foreign vendors, who are awarded defence contracts worth Rs 300 crore or more, to plough back at least 30% of the contract value into Indian defence production or R&amp;D.;The upcoming vehicle dynamics test track forms part of the DRDO's effort to further the armed forces' requirement of state-of-the-art ground vehicles with excellent manoeuvrability and power to weight ratio under low intensity conflict operations.Incorporation of high-end technologies like anti-lock braking and anti-roll over mechanism become crucial to achieve this objective. Evaluation of technology-intensive vehicles meant for induction in the Army need special purpose tracks and instrumentation systems. The test track will seek to address these requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311500", "title": "Shirodkar resigns as Congress's state unit president", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar on Saturday submitted his resignation to All India Congress Committee head Sonia Gandhi , owning responsibility for Congress' single digit win of seats in the Goa assembly elections.Shirodkar was accompanied by former chief minister Digambar Kamat and senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel while tendering the resignation. Speaking to mediapersons at the Congress House on Saturday, he said only election-related issues were discussed with Gandhi and there was no mention of who his successor or the Congress legislature party's leader would be.Shirodkar, who served as GPCC president since September 2008, held the wrong selection of candidates as the major reason for the Congress' poor performance at the assembly elections. The medium-of-instruction (MOI) controversy also played a role in the downfall, he said. Shirodkar said those opposing the government's decision on MOI went all out against the Congress and on the other hand, those demanding grants to English-medium too were angry with the Congress as the decision had not been implemented.Shirodkar defended the cabinet decision giving grants to English medium primary schools saying the Congress had given choice to the parents. \"We didn't impose any language on anyone,\" he said.Shirodkar, who contested the Shiroda seat and lost, said \"Overconfidence of sitting Congress MLAs was also a cause for the debacle. This includes me.\" Responding to a question whether Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane's cornering of tickets played a role in the defeat, Shirodkar said \"Decisions were taken at different levels and no particular individual can be blamed.\" He said that two sets of individuals were not with the party during the elections - those who left because of the party's wrong decisions and those who were working against the party from within. \"They will be dealt with separately,\" Shirodkar told mediapersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311837", "title": "Nagpur University flayed for failure to open students' guidance centre", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration was found wanting in its promises to start 'single-window' system for the students where they were supposed to get entire information.The members blasted NU bosses, including VC Vilas Sapkal and registrar Mahesh Yenkie for their failure to provide this basic facility to the students who were forced to run from pillar to post by the NU officials. The discussion was started by Mohan Bajpayee and was supported by other members including Ritesh Ganar, Sameer Kene and even Baban Taywade who otherwise played a role of saviour for NU bosses by saving them from blushes every time they were put in a quandary by the members.Bajpayee informed them about how they forcefully opened a 'students' guidance-cum counselling centre' on NU premises on Friday that was working successfully. He informed that they took this step as NU top brass ignored all their requests for opening similar centres.When VC reminded him of NU opening five such centres in its various campuses, Bajpayee dared him to show presence of NU officials at those places. \"No officials remain present there and all students first approach NU's administrative premises for any problems,\" he said. He added that they had so far guided over 200 students who came to the university.Bajpayee, heading Vidyarthi Vidyapeeth Sangram Parishad (VVSP), informed the House that students were literally harassed as they didn't get any information related to courses or exams, neither at NU nor through its website which was not updated on regular basis. \"Your website even lacked information about hostels or syllabus,\" he said.He claimed that even the Director of Students Welfare (DSW) office didn't function on full-fledged basis due to shortage of employees. In fact DSW Arun Patil working on additional charge gets a partly Rs 500 as monthly remuneration which he refused to accept, Bajpayee said.Sapkal however insisted that colleges affiliated NU should guide the students at their levels. When the members pressured the administration to announce a decision to open fully-equipped centres, VC asked Bajpayee to provide details about his centre which led to a huge uproar in the House. Bajpayee dared the VC to take action against them for forcibly opening such centre.The issue of students not being aware of various welfare schemes for them also cropped up during the discussion. After Patil informed that only three students had so far applied for getting free medical aid, the members flayed administration for not doing enough to create awareness for many such welfare schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315145", "title": "Women are more intense: Balaji Mohan", "text": "Balaji Mohan gets talking about his debut flick and his Bollywood plansDirector Balaji Mohan is riding high on the success of his rom-com Kadhalil Sodhapovadhu Yeppadi (KSY) and how! He first released his short film by the same name, which became viral online. In the event of that success, Balaji decided to take the next big step of turning it into a movie.\"My short film was my biggest advantage. When I went to the producer, they already knew what the story was and they immediately agreed,\" he says.Balaji says he was glad that right from Siddharth to Amala to the producer, everyone was ready to back this script.\"Siddharth has tons of female fans and Amala has a crazy male fan following. I just thought this would make them a hit combination,\" he smiles and adds, \"Most of the scenes had a direct narration where Siddharth had to look into the camera directly and speak. Simple acting is more difficult and talking into the camera was a big challenge!\"Ask Balaji why he chose to show the many grey sides of being in a relationship and he grins, \"I've had no love failure in my life! There are no personal experiences here. I just decided to take a very simple topic and narrate it in a very different way.\"The movie shows Amala in a very different character - gutsy, talkative and extremely loud.\"I was afraid girls would hate me after watching this movie, but I am glad I was wrong there,\" smiles Balaji, \"I showed the concept in a very balanced manner so that you could empathize with both the characters.So, does he think women are complicated? \"I seriously think its difficult to understand women. They are emotionally intense and definitely stronger. Be it love or hate, men can never express it as much as a woman can,\" he answers diplomatically.Meanwhile, Balaji informs us that he's going to take his KSY to Bollywood. \"Siddharth will reprise his role. Hunt for the female lead is on. I'm excited about this venture because it's a totally different target audience!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310611", "title": "Turkey to open consulate in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to strengthen its centuries old ties with Hyderabad, Turkey plans to not only set up a consulate or appoint an honorary consul in Hyderabad but is also seeking direct air connectivity between Hyderabad and Istanbul , Turkish ambassador Dr Burak Akcapar said on Saturday.\"We have applied to the Indian authorities for a direct air link between Hyderabad and Istanbul,\" the envoy said.Turkey seeks more flights from Indian citiesTurkey also sought doubling of flights from Delhi and Mumbai from the current one daily flight from these cities. To increase Turkish presence in Hyderabad we have sought permission for a consulate and till such time we plan to have an honorary consul,\" the Turkish envoy told newspersons on the sidelines of a meeting with city-based industry bigwigs.Turkey has also sought direct connectivity with Chennai, Amritsar, Bangalore and Kolkata. But, he said that Hyderabad was an \"absolute priority\" thanks to age-old links with the Nizams. The envoy was in town to pitch Turkey as an investment destination and woo Hyderabad-based businessmen, especially from infrastructure and realty sectors, to the week-long Turkey World Trade Bridge international business summit being organized by the Confederation of Businessmen and Industrialists of Turkey (TUSKON) and the Indo-Turkish Business Association (ITBA) from June 3 to 10, 2012 in Istanbul.Nearly 15 Hyderabad businessmen are expected to participate in the summit. He said Turkey was also seriously pursuing a free trade agreement (FTA) or economic partnership agreement (EPA) with India to accelerate bilateral trade that hit a historic high of $7 billion last year from $4 billion in 2010. \"India and Turkey will be economically, politically and culturally shapers of the new world. We can easily increase bilateral trade to $20 billion in a short time if we have an FTA or ETA. We have completed the joint study, which is awaiting a signing and will pave the way for the agreement.\"Making a strong pitch for Indian players to invest in Turkey, which is the gateway to Europe and the Middle East and would give access to over 40 markets with a population of over 1.5 billion and $23 trillion GDP, the envoy said Indian giants like GMR, which set up Istanbul's Sabiha Gokcen airport, Mahindras, Wipro , Reliance, Tata and Dabur were already present in Turkey with Aditya Birla group investing $530 million in December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311792", "title": "Retailer fined for fraudulent service", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Selling a mobile set which had crossed its guarantee period fraudulently proved costly to a city-based retailer, as consumer forum directed him to refund the amount and held him guilty of deficient service. The retail store has been ordered to pay Rs 3,500 as compensation to the complainant.The complainant, Sanjiv Kumar of Sector 52, said the accused retailer had sold a 2009-make Nokia phone to him in May 2011. When I approached the customer care, they informed the guarantee period had expired in 2010, said Sanjiv. I had purchased it from Three Vee Marketing in Sector 22 on May 11, 2011 for Rs 6,300. The phone started giving problems and went dysfunctional in one and a half month. The retailer advised me to go to Nokia Care, said Sanjiv.He was informed by the Nokia executive his phone was made in 2009 and hence, its guarantee had expired in 2010 and was refused any further help. No one contested the case on behalf of Three Vee Marketing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12310864", "title": "Farmers seek action against advertisement on emu bird farming", "text": "SALEM: Farmers in the district have complained to the district collector against a few television channels for broadcasting an advertisement containing false information about emu bird farming.According to the farmers, the advertisement claimed that no money was required to set a emu rearing farm. \"But when we contacted the person concerned, we were told to deposit Rs 10 lakh,\" said S Govindarajan, president, Tamil Nadu Corn and Cassava Cultivators Association. Farmers demanded that the government take action against the advertisement. The issue was brought up at a farmers grievances meet held at Salem secretariat on Friday.Govindarajan also protested the presence of police at the meeting hall.The collector K Maharapushanam , in his reply, directed the veterinary and animal husbandry officials to provide adequate information to the farmers about emu farming. He also assured that land will be allotted to set up a sales centre for agricultural products at Vazhapadi.Collector also said that paddy procurement centres will be opened at Attur, Gengavalli and Sankagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311430", "title": "Abhishek Manu Singhvi Singhvi files papers for Rajya Sabha seat", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress MP and spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi filed his nomination for Rajya Sabha seat from the state after the party declared its two candidates from here on Saturday.Second candidate Narendra Budania, who, too, like Singhvi, has been repeated by the party, could not file his nomination on Saturday as he reached the state assembly beyond the stipulated time limit of 3 pm. Budania would submit his nomination papers on Monday, which is the last date.Indirect elections on the three Rajya Sabha seats from the state and 55 seats from other states would take place on March 30. Singhvi and Budania's current Rajya Sabha terms are ending in April.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , PCC chief Chandrabhan and other party leaders were present when Singhvi submitted his nomination papers to returning officer Krishna Murari Gupta. In repeating the two sitting MPs from Rajasthan, the Congress dashed the hopes of a couple of its leaders like Chandrabhan, Mohan Prakash, Rajendra Chaudhary and the lobbying by party MPs and legislators from Vagad-Mewar region for a businessman, Dinesh Khodania.Speaking to reporters here after filing his nomination, Congress spokesperson Singhvi dismissed the reports about mid-term general elections. \"There is no major rift between Congress and its allies at the Centre, and the government will complete its term,\" Singhvi said. He said the talks about mid-term polls were speculations by the Opposition BJP to create a \"wrong atmosphere \". \"BJP and some parties are speculating about the mid term elections. There could be minor differences with alliance partners over some issues in the government, but there is no major difference between the Congress and its alliance,\" he asserted.About his development plans for Rajasthan, Singhvi said that he would initiate more projects and works as an MP. \"I initiated several projects for public welfare in education and health sectors in Jalore, Barmer, Pali, Jodhpur and Jaisalmer districts in the past. I would try to increase this number which at present is around 450,\" he said.Singhvi also supported the demand for getting constitutional recognition for the Rajasthani language and expressed confidence that the efforts would yield a positive result.The Congress spokesperson said the recent assembly election results in four states were disappointing for the party and required introspection. \"The Samajwadi Party got 5% votes and the Cong got 4%, but this 1% difference made difference of 100 seats for us,\" Singhvi said, referring to the Uttar Pradesh election results. He added the party government in Rajasthan was doing well but there was always scope for improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12311331", "title": "Akalis won not due to performance, but our faults: Amarinder", "text": "PATIALA: Under attack from his party leaders for the drubbing that Congress received in Punjab assembly elections, state Congress chief Capt Amarinder Singh, along with his wife and Patiala MP-cum-Union minister Preneet Kaur, organized a thanksgiving party for party workers of Patiala constituency.Amarinder interacted with workers for around two hours at his New Moti Bagh palace. The couple tried their level best to allay the fears of party workers about the end of Capt's political carreer after the polls.\"The Akalis have won the elections not because of their performance, but they won due to our faults. We have started working to set the faults right within a short span of time,\" said Amarinder when a local leader asked him about the exact reason behind the party's defeat.Though Congress won five assembly seats out of the eight in Patiala district, some Congressmen believe that the party's defeat could have made Preneet Kaur apprehensive, despite the fact that she has won Lok Sabha elections from Patiala three times.Some senior Congress leaders, considered close to Preneet, requesting anonymity, said that though general elections are still two years away, Kaur has already started preparations for her fight.\"She has started conducting meetings with workers of her parliamentary constituency. She conducted a meeting with workers at Samana in the morning. She is always accessible while other family members are always inaccessible,\" said Kulwant Singh, a Congress worker after the meeting.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "12312415", "title": "Youth Congress leader leader shot dead in market", "text": "BASIRHAT: A 29-year-old Youth Congress leader was shot dead in a bustling market near Basirhat railway station on Saturday night. Two fellow Congressmen were seriously injured in the attack.The Congress alleges that it was a Trinamool Congress plot to weaken its organization in Basirhat before the panchayat election.Police said that Parimal Sardar, the Basirhat South Youth Congress secretary, and some friends were buying groceries at a market on Taki Road around 8.30pm when four goons rushed at them, hurling bombs. Shoppers scattered in panic. Sardar and his aides, Ratan Sarkar and Sanjib Mondal, tried to hobble away in spite of splinter injuries but the goons chased them down and shot Sardar thrice at point-blank range.The gunmen casually walked out of the market, as horrified shoppers looked on. No one dared challenge the attackers, who brandished their weapons on the way out. The victims were taken to Basirhat hospital where Sardar was declared dead on arrival. Ratan and Sanjib are being treated.Congress leader Asit Majumdar alleged that Sardar was murdered by Trinamool-backed miscreants. \"Sardar was a skilled organizer. Trinamool men deliberately hatched a plan to kill him before the panchayat election,\" Majumdar said.District Trinamool secretary Kamal Das denied the allegation. \"None of our supporters were involved in the murder. It could be a fall-out of a personal rivalry,\" Das said.There have been no arrests although there were scores of witnesses to the murder. \"We are yet to find out why he was killed,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12311296", "title": "Security systems for school buses, houses", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 'School bus safety tracking system' that alerts parents, school authorities and traffic police, if a school bus carrying students zooms at high speed or is crowded or gets delayed, has been developed by a Technopark-based company.\"We have started holding talks with the state government for the implementation of the safety system in school buses across Kerala,\" said Manoj Sankar, vice-president, marketing, of Rain Concert Technologies. The implementation of its pilot project is planned after March 15 at St Mary's Higher Secondary School, Pattom. The system was on display at the Surakshayanam expo held here last week.The system tracks driver behaviour in case of over speeding, abruptly negotiating curves and rash driving and alerts the parents and school administration. The parents will also be sent SMS alerts when their wards enter the bus and if it was delayed or in case of any emergency, Sankar added.A security solution for residents associations in the city 'Home and personal security system' has been initiated by the same firm. \"As part of the project, we have identified a cluster of 100 houses at Kowdiar to suggest this security solution, by which the elderly, ailing and those requiring health care or any support can press the appropriate switch and the message will be sent to the emergency health care service or ambulance services according to the requirement,\" said Jenson Isaac, an executive of Rain Concert Tech.\"The security system is well received and we have around 300 clients in Jawahar Nagar in the city,\" said Sankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12311065", "title": "Calling \u2018bitch\u2019 amounts to sexual harassment: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Does calling a woman employee 'bitch' at the work place amount to sexual harassment? The Madras high court thinks so.At a time when the National Commission for Women (NCW) chairman is facing flak for saying that a 'sexy' tag doesn't amount to teasing or harassment, the Madras high court has said that dubbing women teachers 'bitch' by their male colleague does fall within the definition of 'sexual harassment'.The matter relates to the complaints lodged by parents and women teachers of Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Egmore against a male teacher, Tharmen Fernandez. The teacher has since been suspended and a committee, as per the apex court guidelines in the Vishaka case, has been formed to probe the issue following HC orders.The present petition, raising issues such as conduct of the special committee, the question of inquiring the child witnesses and the term of the committee, was posted before Justice K Chandru.The judge said while the special three-member committee claimed that staff members had declared that there was no personal harassment by the teacher, a perusal of their depositions made it clear that they all stood by their allegation of sexual harassment by Fernandez and also stated that they were repeatedly referred to as 'bitch' by the teacher.Slamming the committee for its lack of understanding of the issue on hand as well as the Vishaka's case guidelines, Justice Chandru said: \"A reading of the complaints given by various teachers and statements given by them before the committee clearly showed that the allegations come within the definition of the term 'sexual harassment' The term 'sexual harassment' has a wider meaning.\"He then directed the school management to constitute a new committee which was aware of the Vishaka case. As for allowing child witnesses, who are students of the school levelling sexual harassment allegations against the teacher, to let in evidence, the judge said the school must follow the apex court's guidelines in the Sakshi case, where it has been held that a child witness should not be made to see the face or body of the accused. A screen should separate the child witness and the suspected offender, and if the accused wanted to cross-examine the child, he should supply a questionnaire beforehand.Justice Chandru also held that not only teachers and students, even outsiders can invoke the provisions of the Vishaka case to seek prosecution of an offender for sexual harassment. \"Vishaka's guidelines not only dealt with women employees, but also the sexual harassment faced by third parties or outsiders. It is (the) employer's obligation to take action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311095", "title": "Tata Consultancy Services project your 'Passport' to hassle free application process", "text": "PANAJI: Has your passport recently expired and you need to apply for a new one? Or is the shadow of long queues, fear of harassment or the thought of having to approach pesky touts hindering you?In a move that what will bring both relief and joy to passport applicants, all passport applications will now be done online.As part of the ambitious union government project, the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) operated Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) has finally been fully set-up at the Goa passport office and will now handle all passport applications for the state.Under the new system, all applications will be done through an online passport portal- www.passportindia.gov.in, though a manual facilitation counter will also be available at the office for some time.After the online application - instructions for which are available on the web portal -- an Application Reference Number (ARN) will be generated with each application along with the scheduled appointment date and time slot.This will eliminate long queues as a maximum of 20 applicants will be accommodated in 45 minute appointment slots.During the appointment, a pre-verification process will take place and a new flat-screen display aided token-and-counter-number system will guide applicants to any of seven separate counters where they can submit their self-attested documents (age proof , residence proof, old passport etc), sign the application -- both of which will then be then scanned - and pay the fee at the counter itself. Any changes to the application can be done at the counter and dual monitors have been installed for the purpose. Photographs will also be captured on the spot and merged with the application.Verification officers will verify genuineness of documents, and if everything is in order the granting officers will conduct prior approval checks - to ascertain if the applicant holds another passport, or has any criminal antecedents - and then process the application.The entire process is expected to be completed in less than 30 minutes after which applications are sent for police clearance. Passports will be printed as soon as the police report is received.The Passport department will complete all processing in front of you and inform you of the status of your application right away. So, if your passport shows no signs of turning up at your doorstep within a week or two, you can be rest assured it is stuck at the police clearance level.Among the new amenities available at the modernised passport office are a photocopier (saving trips outside just to photocopy), pay phone, water coolers, instruction boards, new washrooms, comfortable waiting area among other facilities. A cafeteria and ATM are also planned and will be available when the rest of the Passport Bhavan renovation work which is in progress, is completed.The PSK will be formally inaugurated on March 19 by union MEA officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311533", "title": "Sachin rules the mind &amp; cakes too", "text": "LUDHIANA: Excitement gripped Ludhianvis as they watched Sachin Tendulkar make the 100 centuries record and eager to join his celebrations they have been cutting special cakes at home and among friends that have photographs of their star in action. Bakeries in the city are also enjoying the excitement that has boosted their business.Sarabha Nagar-resident Jyoti Sachdeva said she saw the entire Indian innings. ''I did not want to miss seeing Sachin score his 100th century because I was sure he would no matter what. Even though India lost the match, it did not bother me. I went to buy a cake and was surprised to see many that had Sachin's photograph on them,'' she said.Puneet Sharma of Model Town said he is a big fan of Sachin and had been waiting for this day for long. ''Finally when it arrived I could not resist buying a marvellous cake with my icon on it,'' Puneet added.Kirti Malhotra, who stays in Civil Lines, wants to meet Sachin someday and show him pictures of how she celebrated his record-breaking moment. Ghumar Mandi's Gunjan Gupta said he and his friends also bought a cake Sachin's picture on it and cut it in the car only. ''Even though India lost, it was a great moment to enjoy,'' he added. Amazed at the number of fans asking for different cakes with Sachin's photographs, bakers in the city said the joy was obvious. Maninder Singh of Cake Square said, ''Sachin is like the god of cricket so the celebrations had to be larger than life. We were very busy baking a variety of cakes.''Owner of Kipps Supermarket, Hitesh Arora said their customers were also asking for a small bat, ball and stumps to be fixed on their cake. ''We catered to the demand,'' he added.Rijuta Jain of Rishika's Sweet Temptation said she does not even know how many ''Sachin cakes'' were sold on Friday. Harjinder Singh of Hotbreads, a resident of Gurdev Nagar, said fans wanted different kinds of postures of Sachin on the cake. ''Someone wanted the legcut while someone asked for a shot with Sachin raising the bat to God,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310427", "title": "Tight security for bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stage is set for byelections to seven assembly constituencies in the state on Sunday. Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the polling which will take place between 8 am and 5 pm. The results are slated to be declared on March 21.The bypolls are to be held in Adilabad, Kamareddy, Mahbubnagar, Nagarkurnool, Kollapur, Ghanpur (station) and Kovur.Of the seven constituencies, six are in the Telangana region while the seventh, Kovur, falls in Nellore district. All the major parties, including Congress, TDP, TRS and YSR Congress have fielded candidates.In all, 13,82,086 electors spread across the seven constituencies will exercise their franchise in 1,660 polling stations. Ghanpur has the largest number with 2,21,499 voters, followed by Kovur (2,09,739), Kamareddy (2,03,143), Kollapur (1,95,865), Nagarkurnool (1,91,484), Mahbubnagar (1,88,225) and Adilabad (1,72,131).Meanwhile, the election commission has imposed a ban on transmission of bulk SMSs of political nature over the next 48 hours and within the hours fixed for conclusion of polls. Chief electoral officer Bhanwar Lal also prohibited displaying of any election material including result of any opinion poll or any other poll survey, in any electronic media till 5 pm on March 18, when polling concludes.Talking about the preparedness of poll officials, the CEO said sufficient police personnel have been deployed in areas that are witnessing bypolls.\"Officials and observers are continuously monitoring these constituencies for violation of the model code of conduct.\"Cases are being booked as and when instances are being brought to their notice,\" the CEO said.He said necessary instructions have been issued to police officials to ensure that all political functionaries, party workers, campaign functionaries including ministers,MPs, MLAs, MLCs and others who are not voters in the respective constituencies leave the poll zone.He said any one violating the provisions of Section 126(1) (b) of the Representation of the People Act 1951, shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.Nearly Rs 9.08 crore in cash and over one lakh litre of liquor have been seized by officials in these areas. Cases were booked against 4,274 persons apart from 600 arrests, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12311838", "title": "Hospital to expand services", "text": "HUBLI: Chitaguppi Hospital, one of the oldest hospitals in the city run by the HDMC is all set to accommodate more patients and deliver more effective healthcare to the needy. A new 60-bed hospital building will be inaugurated in its premises shortly.The construction of the building, which began about three years ago, is nearing completion. While the old building has 100 beds, the new one has 60 beds, five spacious wards and two operation theatres and a labour ward.The new building has been constructed at a cost of Rs 1.2 crore, of which Rs 50 lakh has been released under the National Rural Health Scheme (NRHS) and remaining funds released from the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation.Chitaguppi Hospital serves people of about 50 neighbouring villages. On an average, 120 deliveries are done here every month.A staff nurse told TOI: \"We receive a huge number of delivery cases, but due to lack of beds we often send the pregnant women to KIMS and other hospitals. With the newly constructed building providing more beds, we will be in a position to handle more number of cases.\"HDMC health officer Dr P N Biradar told the TOI that within a month the new building will be ready and start functioning.\"We have called tenders for the operation theatre equipment and we are expecting to finish all the minor works shortly,\" he said.Health officer Dr P N Biradar said that the newly constructed building requires at least two gynaecologists and anesthetists to attend to delivery cases. \"We require six staff nurses and one radiologist to deal with patients in the newly constructed hospital,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312470", "title": "Fishing for profit at waterfronts", "text": "Marina Beach, ChennaiChennai's 13-km long Marina beach, with a 6-km long promenade, is one of the longest urban shorelines in the world. In 2008, the government sanctioned funds for the promenade's ambitious makeover complete with landscaping, seating arrangements, walkways, plazas, etc. The promenade has 14 sections weaved in a zigzag pattern. Each section has been given a unique makeover so that no two are alike, but architects and planners have taken care to ensure that it is a continuous walking stretch from the Triumph of Labour Statue to the Kamaraj Statue. The walkway ensures a clear view of the beach from the road. Each of the 14 sections has an amphitheatre for visitors to sit and enjoy the beach. To ensure that the revamped sections do not jar with the rest of the neighbourhood, the architecture reflected that of nearby buildings. The renovation was completed in 2009 at a cost of Rs 259.2 million.Auckland Waterfront, NZAuckland city's waterfront is undergoing a massive makeover. On an 8-km stretch, authorities and planners have a launched a number of projects, which have been staggered depending on their location. The goal is to maximize the economic potential of the beautiful waterfront and create spaces for the public. The plan includes bringing back historic trams to constructing a continuous pedestrian walkway and cycleway connecting different parts of the waterfront. Beaches will be re-sanded and landscaped. The entire plan is made available on www.waterfrontauckland.co.nz for residents to review. Other ambitious projects in the pipeline include a new island and developing a 4.2-hectare public open space in the next five to 10 years. Reports in the local media say that the Auckland's waterfront project is expected to support 20,000 new jobs in key industries and will be a 'major economic driver' .Dundee Waterfront, ScotlandThe \u00a31 billion 'transformation' of the Dundee Waterfront along the River Tay is one of the UK's biggest development projects, which began in the year 2000, and is expected to go on till 2031, though the official website has charted plans till 2017. Dundee is Scotland's fourth largest city. The focus of the first phase of the project, which is already completed, was infrastructure and included strengthening a railway tunnel. With an eye on the waterfront's economic potential, in 2010, Scotland marked Dundee Port as one of the 'key sites for offshore wind manufacturing and maintenance' , reports the projects' homepage dundeewaterfront.com. Creating a space for residents is an integral part of the makeover. Planners will be pulling down a structure to create 19,000 sq m of new open space, which can be used by residents for recreation and events. The waterfront will have residential and commercial property, open spaces and recreation facilities.New York City Waterfront, USNew York City's waterfront will be revitalized through a series of projects aimed at maximizing economic development, environmental preservation and public use. According to the local media, this is NYC's first waterfront plan in two decades, and more than US $3 billion has been earmarked to 'reunite New Yorkers with their water' . The plan includes 130 short-term projects, such as developing more than 50 acres of waterfront parks, building esplanades and so on. Last year, the first 600-foot section of the East River Waterfront (ERW) Esplanade from Wall Street to Maiden Lane was opened to the public. Around $165 million has been earmarked to develop the ERW alone, and is scheduled for completion in 2013. The two-mile esplanade will have a pedestrian walkway and a bicycle pathway. Boosting the economy of the area is an important part of the blueprint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12320210", "title": "Robbers target another ATM, flee with Rs 9 lakh", "text": "VADODARA: As if the house break-ins in the city were not enough to give the cops sleepless nights, a gang of ATM thieves is now causing them major embarrassment. Twenty four hours within the robbers fled with an ATM of Axis Bank in Koyli area on Friday, yet another ATM was targeted late on Saturday night. The gang of robbers this time broke open an ATM of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Waghodia area and fled with Rs 9.13 lakh cash kept in the lockers inside. The incident has left the cops confused as the robbers opened the ATM neatly without using the usual techniques of damaging it with cutters.Senior police officials suspect that it must be handiwork of some inter-state gang. What has left the cops worried is the fact that the robbers have developed expertise in breaking open the ATMs. \"Definitely, such work needs some kind of expertise. Those targeting the ATMs seem to have knowledge about its functioning and other technical aspects. Such incidents had happened in Ahmedabad in the past. We are now corroborating details with them to find out whether the thefts are connected,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma.While a gang had stolen an ATM machine of Axis Bank late on Friday night, the ATM of Union Bank of India (UBI) was stolen on the night of March 8 from Bajwa area. Similar to the case of UBI, the robbers had entered the ATM with face covered and disabled the CCTVs.The modus operandi employed in all the three incidents is almost similar. The gang targets ATMs located in deserted locations in the outskirts of the city and the ones that don't have any security guard. No guard was placed by the PNB at its Dabhoi-Waghodia Ring Road branch. \"We have got some footage of the gang from the CCTV at PNB's ATM, including images of the vehicle they used. Also, we have got some definite clues. We will crack the case soon,\" Sharma added. Earlier, several incidents of robbers trying to break open ATMs have been reported but the gangs had never been able to steal cash. These incidents have, however, raised questions about the city police's tall claims of intensive patrolling during nights. Despite regular patrolling, robbers have been indulging in house break-ins and ATM thefts at will.Meanwhile, police commissioner Satish Sharma has called an urgent meeting of bank officials to apprise them of the situation. Sharma told TOI that he will ask all the banks to hire security guards to post them outside the ATMs and also suggest installing alarms that go off if someone tries to tinker with the ATMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12320224", "title": "Here, vegetable vendors conserve house sparrows", "text": "RAJKOT: If you happen to be at Devpura Vegetable Market, don't be surprised to see hundreds of house sparrows sitting self-assured amid the chaotic atmosphere. This self-assurance in the house sparrows is thanks to the vegetable vendors, the low-profile conservationists of this city.Mahesh Gosai, a vegetable vender, has placed over 10 nests for them. He said, \"Here we provide water, grains, nests, etc. to these birds. They are free to fly and feed on any vegetables they like and rest without disturbance.\"Interestingly, when customers visit the market and see the sparrows in good numbers here, they ask for nests from the vendors. \"We have now started keeping nests as well for them. We don't look to make any profit from selling the nests,\" said Kalpesh Rughani, who owns a garment shop in the vegetable market. He has distributed over 400 nests over the past one year.\"House sparrows do not find wooden sticks to make their nests here. So they make use of threads of bags. They have adjusted themselves well within our market,'' said vegetable vendor Binip Rank.\"We now plan to place nests in another vegetable market in the city. We plan to rope in the vegetable vendors there in our bird conservation drive,\" Rughani said.World House Sparrow Day is observed on March 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12313865", "title": "I want Rhea to become an international producer: Sonam", "text": "If you are a woman, you want to be in the Kapoor sisters' inner circle - be in on their pyjama parties, go shopping with them and sit about vegetating on their couch.If you are a man, you should be very afraid - they're self-confessedly scathing, judgmental and in Sonam's words \"objectify men\". However, one thing is for certain, no matter how close you are, you are never one of them. The sisters are like a mythical creature - one soul split into two bodies to explore different temperaments and dreams.There's a one year and nine month difference in their ages and both agree that Rhea is the more mature of the two. \"I think it's because she went to university and lived alone,\" says Sonam, while Rhea adds: \"I think it is a personality thing also. I am a lot more like my mom and Sonam is a lot more like my dad. I am more practical, while Sonam is more emotional and sensitive. When you get a sense of the good and the bad, sometimes you become the realist, while the other person is the dreamer. You feel protective of the person because you know where they are coming from. Sonam will invite anyone into her vanity van and will continue talking on the phone about personal stuff. She won't even ask the person to step out...\" \"But that's so rude!\" intrudes Sonam. \"To ask someone to step out because you want to talk on the phone? I should step out.\"That is the pivotal difference in their personalities - Rhea is able to mark her boundaries and name her needs, while Sonam is bound by niceness.The sisters shared a room until Sonam was 15 and Rhea, 13. \"Sonam has the longest legs,\" says Rhea. \"I was tired of getting kicked all the time. And she was a lot heavier then.\" To which her elder sister responds with: \"You b****.\"They have worked together in various roles and are constantly fighting to be in each other's lives. Rhea says, \"If someone approaches me for something, Sonam will be like 'Who's doing the make-up? Who's doing the photographs? Make sure they CC me on the mails.' And I'm like, 'You're not even a part of this.' To which she will reply, 'I am now'.\" For the movie Aisha, they were producer and lead actress; currently, Rhea is styling Sonam for public performances and there are talks of them starting a clothes line together.\"Sonam is completely emotional and dramatic,\" says Rhea. \"The worst thing you can do to her is talk to her calmly when she is worked up.\" Sonam picks off: \"Ya! I'll just start bawling, 'How can you be calm at a moment like this?' In a roomful of people, I'll be the quietest girl in the corner.\" \"She really blooms in front of the camera,\" finishes Rhea. \"Rhea is the complete opposite; she freezes in front of the camera, and hates make-up and all that stuff,\" says the actor. \"She probably hasn't brushed her hair now either.\"On the sets of Aisha, they shared a room until Rhea \"couldn't take it anymore\". \"I couldn't handle being on the set with her all day and then come back to the same thing. Sonam is a morning person and I can work through the night. And then she needs everything completely dark when she goes to sleep. I moved to a room across the hall, then we started ordering breakfast in my room and my bed would be piled up with food.\"Working as producer and actor meant keeping the lines drawn. \"You can't burden an actor before (s)he gives a shot,\" says Rhea, \"So I couldn't talk to Sonam or tell her something serious before she is about to go in front of the camera and look the happiest she's ever been.\"There was really no scope for sibling rivalry because they excelled at different things. \"I was happiest sitting in my room with a book by Jane Austen or The Bronte sisters, eating cookies, while Rhea had her dolls,\" says Sonam, who also enjoys sports. \"I don't understand sports,\" counters Rhea. \"What's the point of throwing away the ball after going through so much trouble to get it in the first place?\"\"Basically, Rhea had her Barbie dolls when she was a kid and now she has me,\" says Sonam, talking about their sartorial collaboration. \"When we were younger, Rhea was not interested in clothes at all. She used to cry on Diwali when mom used to try to get her to wear something traditional. I, on the other hand, would wear the heaviest ghaghra, have mehndi till my elbows and wear all the jewellery. I just loved dressing up and still do. What the world does not know is that Rhea is a bigger shopper than me.\"\"But I mostly shop for you,\" counters Rhea. \"Name three things I have bought recently that you haven't worn first.\" A mild argument ensues which is settled by Rhea saying, \"But you bought that for me! Of course, I wore it first!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12311090", "title": "BJP fed up with Yeddyurappa, ready for snap poll", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka BJP leadership has decided to tell former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa that enough is enough, and said it's prepared to go in for a snap assembly poll. State BJP chief K S Eshwarappa told STOI the party and chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda are prepared to face a mid-term election if the situation warrants. The virtual split in the BJP is said to forced the leaders to think of this way out to stymie a pesky Yeddyurappa. Eshwarappa's message is said to have backing of BJP patriarch LK Advani and the RSS.The BJP parliamentary board is unlikely to meet in the next 4 or 5 days. Speculation was that the board would meet on Sunday to decide the fate of Gowda and Yeddyurappa. With this, Yeddyurappa's demand that Gowda should not present the budget on March 21 comes to a naught.The former CM is expected to hold series of meetings on Sunday and Monday.There was more trouble for Yeddyurappa when the SC-constituted Central Empowered Committee issued notice asking him to appear before it on March 20 in an illegal mining case.\"There's no way Gowda will be replaced. We don't know who is creating confusion. As Yeddyurappa has himself said, Gowda will present the budget and continue as chief minister,\" Eshwarappa said. Reacting to Yeddyurappa's deadline to the BJP to ask Gowda to step down by March 19, he said: \"Forget March 19, (replacing CM) will not happen even on March 29 or 39!''A minister close to Yeddyurappa said the former CM is contemplating quitting the party by the month-end.\"Yeddyurappa was ready to announce his future course of action last week in Hubli, but did not do so.\" During the train journey from Bangalore to Hubli last week, Yeddyurappa reportedly asked around 15 legislators in his camp to promise that they would follow him if he quit the party. A copy of the sppech announcing his exit from the BJP was shown to his supporters but eventually withheld.To clear confusion and send a strong message, Eshwarappa and Gowda are likely to meet the party bosses in New Delhi on Monday. Following this, Eshwarappa is expected to make a statement that Gowda would remain CM. Cabinet expansion will also figure in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310442", "title": "Supreme Court relief for publisher in libel suit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's attention has been drawn to the common attempt to rope in the owner and publisher of a newspaper in defamation cases despite the editor being a party to answer the charges.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar on Friday issued notice on a petition and asked \"whether in a complaint case under Section 499, 500 and 506 of the Indian Penal Code, 'publisher' of a newspaper is a necessary party when 'editor' has already been shown as one of the accused?\"Aggrieved by a news item published in a prominent Hindi daily against the reporter of a rival newspaper, a defamation case was lodged in a Haryana court implicating the chairman, publisher and printer of the Hindi daily.The chairman moved the Punjab and Haryana high court, alleging that he had no control over the selection of news items and that there was a designated editor who looked after the task.The HC had said that for a magistrate to take cognizance of an offence against a person other than the editor of the newspaper there must be positive averment in the complaint about the publisher knowing about the objectionable news item and consent given by him for publication.\"In the light of the definition given under Press Act to the term 'Editor' which means a person who controls the selection of the matter to be published in the newspaper and when name of a person is printed on the copy of the newspaper as editor of the same, which contained the defamatory article, he would be liable to be prosecuted as section 7 of the Press Act raises presumption in respect of such a person,\" it said.Quashing the case against the chairman, the HC had cited two apex court judgements and said: \"not only the presumption cannot be drawn against the others who had not declared themselves as editors of the newspaper but it would also be not fair to hold them responsible because they had no concern with the publication of the article in question.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311670", "title": "Allahabad University\u2019s lecture theatre nears completion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Leaving behind the architectural beauty of the British architecture, the new lecture theatre complex of Allahabad University is at its completion stage. Located at the FCI ground of AU, opposite to the main gate of varsity, the project would cost around Rs 48 crore to AU. The lecture theatre complex, which would start functioning around August this year, is exclusively meant for the undergraduate students of the varsity besides accommodating various administrative offices. Having a total built-up area of around 10,000 square metres, the complex is almost complete.Among the galaxy of facilities, the complex has 12 lecture theatres, each accommodating around 160 students. Having complete acoustic treatment, sound system, modern teaching aids with LCD projectors and internet connectivity, each theatre will be centrally air-conditioned. Apart from these, the theatre has an inbuilt fire-fighting mechanism which would starts by its own, once the temperature of the hall goes beyond 68 degree Celsius. These 12 halls are located in two blocks, each having two of these modern classrooms in each floor. Apart from these, it would also have a connected toilet, separate for both the gender and a small pantry attached to the halls, which could be used by the faculty who also has a separate waiting room called faculty lounge with the capacity for 30 students who can be accommodated for a small discussion etc. Moreover, space has been provided to accommodate services and air conditioning between these halls.The space between different mega blocks would have red coloured stone with intermediate miniature gardens with flowers and grass presenting the picturesque site. The entire area would have separate exit and entry gates. Energy savings technologies and luminaries with maximum utilisation of natural light is yet another silent aspect of the complex.Besides the lecture halls, there is a separate block wherein 18 tutorial rooms have been constructed accommodating faculty members of various departments. Each of these rooms can accommodate as many as 60 to 80 students at a time. Having the facility of pantry, these rooms will give all the modern facility that a faculty would need. Along with these amenities, the complex has a huge basement, which would be used by the examination section of AU. The entire complex has adequate parking at surface and basement, enough to accommodate over 150 cars and equal numbers of two wheelers and bicycles. The complex also has special rain water management through collection chambers and rain water harvesting catch basin and recharge pits. Besides, the complex would take special care for the fire fighting system. Apart from this it would also have fire detection system integrated with electrical system.The entire complex will be networked to main university computer network. Another highlight of the complex is the large building of the food court. Located at the rear side of the complex, the court can accommodate around 300 students at a time. The two-storeyed building will have number of cafeteria with ample dining space for students. AU public relation officer Prof PK Sahoo said, \"This lecture theatre complex would provide architectural beauty of the structure would present a new picture of modern AU\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12312097", "title": "Man held guilty of injuring cop at naka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an over four-year-old case, a local court on Saturday convicted a Mohali man for rash driving and for voluntarily hurting a public servant on duty.The incident dates back to September 14, 2007. The accused was identified as Jatinder Pal, a resident of Mohali, and he had hit a traffic head constable Karamvir Singh near the police barricade at sectors 40-55 dividing road.Jatinder and his friend Sukhwinder Singh were travelling in an open gypsy. At a police checkpoint, they were signaled to stop for checking, but instead of stopping, Jatinder accelerated the gypsy. He took a sharp turn and hit the head constable, said a police official here.Karamvir had sustained multiple injuries and fracture on his left foot.The court has convicted Jatinder under sections 333 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt to deter public servant from his duty) and 279 (rash driving) of the IPC.The quantum of sentence will be announced on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12311318", "title": "Friends fondly remember Thaslim Sheik", "text": "KOCHI: \"I hoped that he would recover from the critical stage but my prayers went unanswered,\" says John Dcunha, who was Thaslim Sheik's classmate for more than a decade at Infant Jesus Anglo Indian School at Thangasseri in Kollam.Thaslim, 26-year-old son of Ernakulam district collector P I Sheik Pareeth, died on Friday following an accident in Bangalore. He was working as a software engineer at Tata Consultancy Services . The accident took place on Thursday evening when the car in which Thaslim and two of his friends were travelling collided with a lorry.His burial will be held in Kollam on Sunday.Dcunha, an assistant manager at Genpact and a classmate of Thaslim from class III to Plus-Two, was at work when one of his batchmates rang him up to convey the sad news.\"When I heard about it from our common friend Sanson, I was shattered.Since I came to know a day before that he was in hospital and that his condition was critical, I had been praying and hoping that he would recover and come back to normal life. But my prayers were not heard,\" he said. Dcunha remembers Thaslim as a very intelligent and capable friend. He had a large circle of friends. His talent in dancing was exceptional and widely appreciated by classmates. Even after leaving school, Thaslim used to perform regularly in dance competitions at programmes conducted by Evoke, a group formed by batchmates of Infant Jesus School, Dcunha said.For the last meeting of Evoke held at Kollam in December, it was Thaslim's father who arranged a guest house near Kollam beach for the friends, Dcunha said.While it was the Google group called Evoke that kept these batchmates together since leaving school, sadly, it was the same group that broke the news of Thaslim's death. One of the batchmates posted a message about Thaslim's accident and friends began calling each other immediately. As two other batchmates had died recently, one in an accident and another due to jaundice, Thaslim's death became another blow for the batchmates, Dcunha said.KOCHI: I hoped that he would recover from the critical stage but my prayers went unanswered, says John Dcunha, who was Thaslim Sheik's classmate for more than a decade at Infant Jesus Anglo Indian School at Thangasseri in Kollam.Thaslim, 26-year-old son of district collector PI Sheik Pareeth, had died on Friday from injuries sustained in a traffic accident near Krishnagiri. He was working as a software engineer at Tata Consultancy Services.John, an assistant manager at Genpact and a classmate of Thaslim from third grade to plus two, was at work when one of his batchmates rang him up to convey the sad news. \"When I heard about it from our common friend Sanson, I was shattered. Since I came to know a day before that he is in hospital and that his condition was critical, I've been praying and hoping that he would recover and come back to normal life like some of my other friends who met with accidents. But my prayers were not heard this time. I left from office early as I couldn't continue working after hearing about his death,\" he said.John remembers Thaslim as a very intelligent and capable friend. His talent in dancing was exceptional and was widely appreciated among batchmates. Even after leaving school, Thaslim used to perform regularly in dance competitions at programmes conducted by EVOKE, the group formed by batchmates of Infant Jesus School. Thaslim had a big circle of friends as he used to become friends with everyone fast, John said.For the last meeting of EVOKE held at Kollam in December, Thaslim's father had arranged a guest house near Kollam beach for the batchmates to spend time together, John remembers.While it was the Google group called EVOKE that kept these batchmates together in the past decade since leaving school, sadly, it was the same group that broke the news of Thaslim's death. One of the batchmates posted a message about Thaslim's accident and friends began calling each other immediately. As two other batchmates had died recently, one in an accident and another due to jaundice, Thaslim's death revived the pain among the batchmates, John said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314033", "title": "The real Gaur Hari pitches in with the reel", "text": "Prolific director Ananth Mahadevan who last created a bludgeoning impact with his Marathi visual lifescape on the social crusader Sidhutai Sapkal is again on the bio-pic route.This time he's ready to shoot the story of freedom fighrer Gour Hari Das, in Hindi, with the active participation of the actual character who's now 80.Gour Hari Dastaan is based on Gaur's memoirs and is a revealing account of a country squandering its advantages. While Vinay Pathak portrays Gaur, the real Gaur is super-charged about the film getting facts about his interesting life in a proper perspective.Says the director, \"I first broached the subject with the London Film Festival audience when they told me that they would look forward to my next film after Mee Sindhutai Sapkal. The idea of a disillusioned freedom fighter struck a chord and they unanimously 'approved 'of it. It would also be a rare instance of the British not being lampooned in an Indian film.\"Gaur who is now 80, is actively involved with the making of his bio-pic. The film will be based on Gaur's diary recordings.Says Mahadevan, \"His first reaction was, 'Why a film on me?' Now after he has seen my seriousness regarding the project he goes around excitedly telling everyone that a film is being based on his life.He now keeps saying, 'I will live to see the the film.'He has his entire struggle with the government written in what he calls The Freedom File. These files are the basis for my screenplay.\"Ranvir Shorey plays Gaur's closest friend. Ranvir's character is actually an amalgamation of two real-life characters.Divulges Mahadevan, \"This friend is actually a neighbour of Gaur Hari. They still live in the same building. The friend was the guiding force who egged Gaur on to fight the government. I've taken the character and fused it with a journalist's character.\"Ranvir is not the least insecure about his best friend and wife playing a couple. Says the director. \"Not at all. Ranvir and Vinay share an immaculate parternership. They both sublimate their individual egos to be part of one another's films. If you remember Bheja Fry, Ranvir had done a small part in that film for Vinay's sake. In Gaur Hari Dastaan Ranvir gladly stepped into the friend's part.\"Vinay Pathak was Mahadevan's first and final choice for the part. \"I needed an actor who was rooted to the middleclass reality. And I needed someone who could portray Gaur's 30-year struggle for justice.Vinay has to age from 35 to 65.\"The makeup is being done by Santosh Gayke,the same artiste who aged actress Jyoti Chandekar in the Marathi masterpiece Me Sinduhtai Sapkal.Apparently Ranvir is so charged about his best friend's role of a lifetime that he has been hanging around helping Ananth Mahadevan with the pre-production and with Pathak's preparation for the role.Explains Mahadevan, \"We're all supremely charged about this film.It captures the tumultuous years in a freedom fighter's life, ironically after attaining independence. Gour Hari Das still resides in Kandivli,Mumbai.He spent five years of his teens fighting the British and then thirty years to obtain a freedom fighter's certificate. The latter was tougher than the former, he admits. The film holds up a Kafkaesque mirror to a country gone wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315070", "title": "Experts say no timeline for GST, DTC implementation in Budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Experts have said the Budget for 2012-13 has failed to set any timeline for implementation of vital economic reform measures and not unveiled any concrete measures to address the problem of ballooning subsidy.Dun &amp; Bradstreet (India) President &amp; CEO Kaushal Sampat said the Budget proved to be a \"high-on-intent but low-on- action' affair and this was magnified on account of the huge expectations that India Inc had built from it.\"It is a workman-like Budget which has maintained its focus on inclusive growth but has remained silent on a number of critical issues, including a specific roadmap for implementing GST and DTC\", Sampat said.The Budget, presented in Parliament by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday, \"has brought a few positives for the capital debt market but overall it has not brought any surprises to the market\", Daiwa AMC Head (Fixed Income) Killol Pandya told PTI over the phone from Mumbai.\"Although the numbers regarding GDP and fiscal deficit are in line with expectations, it (Budget) has failed to give any clarity on the timeline for implementation of GST and DTC,\" he said.The 10-year government security declined to 8.79 per cent to close at Rs 102.38 on the Budget day from Rs 102.79 on the previous trading session, while its yield hardened to 8.42 per cent from 8.36 per cent.Enhanced spending on infrastructure and addressing certain supply bottlenecks in agriculture, coal and power are some of the positive developments in the Budget, Sampat said.He said the focus on mobilisation of funds for the infrastructure as well as thrust on the coal and power segments is also a welcome move.\"There were no definitive steps to control the ballooning subsidy bill, though the Finance Minister has targeted to keep central subsidies under 2 per cent of GDP in 2012-13, which if achieved, would be commendable,\" said Sanjay Chamria, Vice- Chairman &amp; Managing Director, Magma Fincorp Ltd.\"While overall the budget has moved in the direction of reducing fiscal deficit, more credible steps on reduction in subsidies to tame inflation, lower interest rates and accelerating growth in the economy, would be our expectations from the government, going forward, he added.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12310888", "title": "City police busts sex racket, three arrested, one woman rescued", "text": "Three persons were arrested and a 26-year-old woman was rescued after the city police busted a sex racket on Friday. Race Course police raided at a lodge near Coimbatore railway station on Friday and arrested R Vivek, 31 of Thadagam road, N Kumar, 36 of Theni and S Muthukumar of Coimbatore. Kumar and Muthukumar worked as managers of the lodge. Police said Vivek ran the business from the lodge and lured customers.According to police, the victim hailed from Krishnagiri district and has been sent to a government woman protection home at Sanganoor in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314075", "title": "Wedding bells for Bappi Lahiri's son", "text": "Bappi Lahiri has a good news to share. Come April 18 and his son, Bappa Lahiri, also a composer, will tie the knot with Tanisha Verma, daughter of famous stunt co-ordinator Mahendra Verma.The match, says Bappi, wasn't arranged. \"Bappa was dating Tanisha for a while now. I got introduced to her around four months back. Tanisha is a sweet girl and the family took an instant liking to her. Marriage was an eventual decision made by the two families.Tanisha and Bappa got engaged on my birthday on November 27, last year,\" says Bappi. Even if a large part of the celebrations will take place in Mumbai, Kolkata has a reason to cheer as well. \"Once the wedding is over, we'll host a gala party in Kolkata. Bappa is not just my son, but also the grandson of Aparesh Lahiri, on whom the city has showered so much of love,\" the composer adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12315883", "title": "Sonia to take decision on Goa legislature leader", "text": "PANAJI: Still smarting under its recent debacle in Goa polls, opposition Congress has failed to elect its leader for the assembly leaving the decision to party president Sonia Gandhi.Senior party leaders Mukul Vasnik and Jagmit Singh Brar held discussions with individual legislators after the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) failed to arrive at a consensus over the leader at its meeting held yesterday evening.Three CLP members - Atanasio Monserratte, Jeniffer Monserrate and Pandurang Madkaikar, did not attend the meeting.Vasnik said party president Sonia Gandhi would take a call on the issue and will get back to the state leadership.\"CLP has adopted a single line resolution authorising the party president to take decision on the matter,\" he said.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat and former speaker of legislative Assembly Pratapsinh Rane are frontrunners for CLP leader's post. The CLP leader will be the leader of opposition in the Assembly as the Congress was the second largest party after BJP.Congress will have to decide upon the CLP leader by today afternoon as the state legislative Assembly session is beginning from tomorrow.Congress suffered reverses at the recently concluded polls winning only 9 seats while BJP emerged as the largest single party lapping up 21 seats in the 40-member House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312107", "title": "Third front government not possible: Prakash Jawadekar", "text": "NAGPUR: National spokesperson of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Prakash Jawadekar on Saturday said that there is no possibility of a third front government. \"There can be no third front or fourth front. We have seen that in 1990s. The politics of the country is bipolar. One is the NDA led by BJP and second is the UPA led by Congress,\" he said.Even though Jawadekar claimed that all the Congress allies were upset with the party he refused to comment on the possibility of mid-term polls saying that it would be inappropriate at this juncture.The BJP leader alleged that Congress' allies NCP, DMK and TMC were angry because they were not being consulted in decision making. He further charged that Congress was trying to take away powers of state governments and vest it with centre. \"All the parties including the left and Congress allies are united in opposing this move. Congress is finding itself in a tight corner. The party will also face the heat on Lokpal when it comes up for discussion.\"Slamming the Union Budget presented by Pranab Mukherjee , Jawadekar said that it was a cruel joke played on people of India. The government has burdened the citizens by Rs 2.5 lakh crore in this Budget. By May or June people will start feeling the pinch. \"The government has already indicated that petrol and diesel prices will go up in a few days as the fuel subsidy has been reduced,\" he said.Jawadekar said that Congress had hiked the passenger and freight fares of Indian Railways through railway minister Dinesh Trivedi , which was the reason for Mamata Banerjee's anger.\"Pranab Mukherjee has claimed that hike in excise duty will fetch the government an additional Rs 40,000 crore. However, as per projections made in 2011-12 for 2012-13 an increase of Rs 80,000 crore was estimated,\" he pointed out.The BJP leader alleged massive scam in agricultural loans. \"The government claims that it has provided Rs 5 lakh crore as loans to farmers. But, only 30% farmers avail loans from banks while the rest still go to private moneylenders.\"At least 30% of India's population lives in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The farmers of the two states have taken loan of Rs 30,000 crore. On the other hand, farmers of state of Delhi and union territory of Chandigarh have taken loan of Rs 32,000 crore. It is evident where the money goes,\" Jawadekar said. Ex-NIT trustee Sudhakar Kohale addressed the media on local issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12311849", "title": "Legal glitch to Lokayukta\u2019s second term", "text": "LUCKNOW: The move to extend the tenure of UP's fifth Lokayukta, Justice (retired) N K Mehrotra, seems to have hit a roadblock. Though the SP government wanted to retain Mehrotra and even passed an ordinance adding two more years to his term on its very first cabinet meeting, the attempt was wasted as governor B L Joshi, who was in New Delhi, could not put his mandatory signature on the paper and the order became infructuous.Thus, even as there are indications that the cabinet could take up the issue once again, Mehrotra, who had created a record of sorts by indicting and recommending action against half-a-dozen ministers in Mayawati cabinet over the last one year, has technically retired last Friday and has stopped attending the office.The Lokayukta office shot to fame within the span of one year after Mehrotra went on a spree to nail Maya's men for corruption, land grabbing and misuse of official position. Significantly, Maya promptly followed his recommendations and showed door to her tainted collogues. The only time she balked and resisted the reports was when Mehrotra trained his guns at her most trusted colleague, Naseemuddin Siddiqui, during the Vidhan Sabha polls.The first casualty of his probe was the state homeopathy minister Rajesh Tripathi who, Mehrotra charged, had grabbed part of the cremation ground in his hometown and was extorting money for its use. Then animal husbandry minister Awadh Pal Singh lost his job after Mayawati took cognizance of Lokayukta's report about rampant misuse of office and giving undue advantage to his son.Others like education minister Rangnath Mishra and Ratan Lal Ahirwar, the minister who drew salary from two schools as a principal and manager during his tenure, followed soon after.In fact the Lokayukta office, which has so far been an innocuous institution in Lucknow, shot to prominence during Mehrotra's tenure.The Lokayukta claimed that he used to receive more than a dozen complaints every day, many on his mobile phone.The office , according to sources, still has 11 more complaints pending against Mayawati's minister and at least 16 BSP MLAs when he hung his boots.This probably explains the Samajwadi Party's interest in keeping him in the chair for a longer period.Mehrotra's parting shot was sending the report against Mayawati's man Friday Siddiqui back to the new CM for reconsideration on last Thursday.On February 22, he had recommended a CBI enquiry and also a probe by Enforcement Directorate against Siddiqui and his MLC wife for misuse of development funds and office. However, Mayawati had refused to take any action and held that the Lokayukta had transgressed his jurisdiction by indicting the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310956", "title": "Royal Bengal tiger at Vandalur gets two mates to tango with", "text": "CHENNAI: Vijay, the Royal Bengal tiger at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park in Vandalur, will soon get three-year-old white tigress twins Namrata and Akanksha as companions.The three have been kept in separate enclosures within the common enclosure in a way that they can see each other. \"We are monitoring them through closed-circuit television ( CCTV) cameras and once they develop compatibility, they will be released into the common enclosure to mingle and probably mate,\" zoo sources told TOI.Vijay has been without a mate since being brought from the Indira Gandhi Zoological Park in Visakhapatnam in 2007 under the animal exchange programme. After futile attempts to get a partner for Vijay from other zoos, officials finally decided on Namrata and Akansha who had attained maturity over a year ago.Officials claim this is the first time an effort to pair a white tigress with a Bengal tiger is being done in the country. \"A female Royal Bengal tiger would have been ideal but we found it difficult to source one from other zoos. The Royal Bengal tigresses at Vandalur, Devi and Padma, are old and overweight,\" said the sources.Namrata and Akansha were born to Anu (9) and her companion Bhishmar (10) at the Vandalur zoo in March 2009, three years after their parents arrived from the National Zoological Park in Delhi.On June 6, 2010, Anu gave birth to three cubs and a year later gave birth to two more, taking the white tiger strength in the zoo to nine. There are 18 tigers.Originally, officials mooted the idea of pairing Anu with Vijay but then decided not to separate Anu and Bhishmar. Another reason was that Namrata and Akansha needed a pair.The reason for allowing young white tigresses to mate with a Bengal tiger was also to prevent inbreeding among white tigers among whom the risk of genetic deformities is high. For example, Sembian, one of the three cubs born to Anu, was born with black fur covering his torso. It later changed to brown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310080", "title": "Faith &amp; fear silence Pakistan's singers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Until a few months ago, Pakistani singer and composer Shiraz Uppal's caller tune was the song \"Rabba\" from the Pooja Bhatt film Dhokha (2007). Now, one hears a prayer. Earlier this month, the Lahore-based musician announced that he would not be making music anymore as his religion forbids music.After over a decade in the industry, Uppal has cut himself off entirely, even giving away all his instruments and recording equipment, save a guitar which was a gift from his late father. \"He gave it to me in 1995. I've kept it as a memory of him,\" says Uppal.Uppal's decision seems to fall into a pattern in Pakistan. In recent years, various singers and musicians have renounced their careers, either for personal reasons or in the face of threats from militant groups. UAE-based Pashtun singer Nazia Iqbal announced her retirement from music at a concert this January, reportedly to live as a \"devoted Muslim woman\". She also announced her plans to open madrassas in Pakistan.Ali Haider of \"Purani Jeans\" fame made the transition from pop to devotional songs and qawwalis in 2009. In fact, as early as 2001, Junaid Jamshed, a sensation in Pakistan in the late 80s and early 90s and known to his fans as JJ, too gave up his musical career for religious reasons. Now, he only sings religious naats and has taken to preaching.There are other artistes who have been killed. A significant Taliban presence in north-west Pakistan has ensured a strong clampdown on music and musicians. Guns have been in constant battle with guitars. Singer and dancer Shabana from Swat was killed in January 2009, followed by Peshawar-based Ayman Udas who was murdered the same year, in what was said to be an honour killing. Pakistani newspapers suggest that singers Gulzar Alam and Gulrez Tabassum, known for their Pashto songs, too quit after threats from militants.Uppal, however, clarifies his musical exile isn't forced. \"I am only doing this to make my Creator happy. For the past seven years, I had been having dreams about our Prophet. I took up reading the Quran Sharif and the Hadith seriously. It says that music is forbidden. So I decided to give it up. Music is not my destiny,\" says Uppal, who considers A R Rahman his guru in music.He has worked with Rahman for a song in an upcoming film, Boys. His opinion of Rahman and others in the music fraternity, he says, remains unchanged. \"As far as music is concerned Rahman has been and always will be an inspiration. But in matters of religion, the only person to look up to is the Prophet,\" he says. For now, he plans to put his MBA degree to use and possibly take up trading as a profession.Many others don't have a choice, though. Besides threats to singers, other artistes and those in the music business have suffered too. More than 20 stores selling music CDs were attacked by militants in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and North Waziristan in November last year. In November 2008, The Lahore International Arts Festival was bombed. In 2007, Shoaib Mansoor's critically acclaimed film Khuda Kay Liye was issued a fatwa. The film, among other things, features a young musician giving up his career after coming in contact with a radical cleric.Singer Zeek Afridi, who lives in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region of Pakistan, has in the past received phone calls asking him to stop music production. Though he has continued, several others haven't. \"Haroon Bacha who sang Pashto songs left for the US after he was threatened. The overall atmosphere for business in general has suffered. If the government makes a platform for these artistes, things can get better,\" says Afridi, who recently visited India to shoot a music video.Singer Ali Hamza of the band Noori, is careful when he broaches the subject. He says that retirement decisions of singers like Uppal are not in the least discouraging. \"It only motivates us to work harder. Pakistan has had a tradition of sufi singers and ghazal singers. There was serious censorship on music during the Zia era. But in the urban areas the mindset is changing. The music scene is growing. There is a promotion of underground artists with shows like Youth Records, and they are getting better by the day,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310881", "title": "Rs 25 lakh pay-out for March 2 clash", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has released Rs 25 lakh compensation towards the reimbursement of medical expenses and burnt vehicles during the March 2 clash in the civil court complex, involving mediapersons, advocates and police personnel.The affected persons may file their claims with necessary evidence and supporting papers with the deputy commissioner, Bangalore Urban district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312623", "title": "The Best dirty pictures of 2011", "text": "In the film Rockstar , Ranbir Kapoor's character wants to experience pain so badly that he volunteers to fall in love and deliberately has his heart broken. \"He could simply have watched Bodyguard instead,\" offered an aspiring standup act at a comedy club in Lower Parel not too long ago. Yesterday, the same venue hosted an awards show where Bodyguard received four nominations. Oddly though, this didn't kill the comic's jibe but only made it better.The Ghanta Awards was the kind of event where most of the nominees did an Aamir Khan. Who would want to attend a function that rewards their mistakes after all? Out of all the nominees, only Sonam Kapoor who was nominated in the 'Worst Couple' category (along with Mausam co-star Shahid Kapoor) attended the show while Anurag Kashyap had tweeted saying he would happily collect the award if his film That Girl In Yellow Boots, which had been nominated in the Worst 'Holier Than Thou' category, won. This category, refers to 'parallel' films that are allegedly inspired by the grammar of world cinema but often end up being as rotten as their Bollywood counterparts. But despite some worthwhile nominees, the award surprisingly went to Dhobi Ghat.SRK's biggest gamble Ra.One emerged as the worst film. Salman Khan bagged the worst actor (Ready and Bodyguard) while the ever-pouting Nargis Fakhri was voted as the worst actress for Rockstar.Despite its nature, though, the intention of the show was not to humiliate. The idea was simple. \"There are more award shows in a year than there are reasonable films. Now if these multiple shows are going to celebrate five out of hundred films over and over again, at the very least we need one award show that celebrates the other 95% films,\" says film critic Karan Anshuman, who along with friend Prashant Rajkhowa launched the indepedent show last year where Rakhi Sawant was kind enough to pause for a moment before declining the offer to be chief guest.This horribly skewed ratio of good films versus bad ones had, in the past, led to other desi versions of Hollywood's famed Golden Raspberry awards such as Outlook's Follywood awards and the three-year-old Golden Kela awards (which will see B-grade director Kanti Shah of Gunda fame as the chief guest this year). \"We don't want to offend or generalise but to acknowledge that a particular piece of work was bad,\" says Jatin Varma of an alternative media house whose brainchild is the Golden Kela. Among its categories this year are unique ones such as 'Baawra Ho Gaya award' for someone who has \"lost their mind\". Here, Big B is a nominee, thanks to Buddha Hoga Tera Baap.Follywood, on the other hand, is not a show but a simple poll conducted by Outlook magazine every year, which offers readers a chance to punish the people who took their time and money for granted. \"The makers must realise that it's not just about three hours a day. You are robbing people of at least a month every year by making idiotic films,\" says Mahesh Peri of the Outlook group, referring to the poll that has lately taken a beating due to the overload of news content. But, he assures us, it is still on.An inevitable question that such awards bring to mind is: what makes Bollywood so prolific in garbage? While Varma points to the lack of respect for good writing, film critic Sudhish Kamath feels that it's money that ails Bollywood \"and the need to recover it, no matter what it takes-star or cleavage\". Plagiarism is another modern industry handicap . \"Make original films. Stop buying the rights of mediocre Hollywood films because you can't afford to pay for the better ones and end up making a movie that's many times worse than the original,\" says Karan Anshuman, whose show awarded Desi Boyz for 'worst rip-off' .Given that a sense of humour is not among the film industry's virtues, awards such as these never go down well. \"Bollywood is too self-congratulatory and incestuous as proved by the numerous award functions. It is averse to the slightest criticism,\" says film critic Rajeev Masand, who was on the Ghanta jury. \"Our film guys need to take a cue from Sandra Bullock who personally collected the Raspberry 'Worst Actress'award in 2010 for All About Steve.\"That likelihood, however, seems more remote than David Dhawan making an art film. \"Very few are sporting about it,\" says standup comic-cum-writer Varun Grover, one of the hosts of the Ghanta awards. Among the minority are Uday Chopra who last year tweeted that he was \"excited\"about winning the Ghanta Award for 'Worst Couple' and Abhishek Bachchan who acknowledged his award for the worst accent in Raavan.In fact, till the eve of the awards every year, Varma fields calls from irate actors and producers who want him to justify their films being nominated. Varma's standard reply: \"Voting is done online. You can vote for the competitor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311187", "title": "Union Territory recommends more funds for Municipal Corporation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has recommended more budgetary support to the city municipal corporation to carryout the various developmental works. Administrations contribution to the MC this financial year would be Rs 171.60 crore.This is an effort to emphasize the urban development and enhance citys quality of life through proper management and targeted initiatives of strategic importance.Off the total grant, Rs 30 crore will go toward construction and maintenance of roads while Rs 20 crore toward cleanliness and other allied activities. Efforts for better water supply will get Rs 15.5 crore and Rs 15 crore for civic works, such as multi-level parking, up-gradation of bus shelters, community centres and sports complex in Daddu Majra. Primary health care and primary education will get Rs 10 crore each besides Rs 8 crore for horticulture and Rs 15 crore for better sewerage system. Maintenance of storm water drainages will get Rs 10 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12311600", "title": "All for golf: Ludhiana to San Diego &amp; back", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: He walks into an afternoon sun, shades on and sun cream smeared across his face. Carrying a white sack full of washed golf balls, he inspects if the greens are manicured, flags in upright position and if the bays are laid out. The weight of the balls pull him down but Manav Chandna ambles swiftly and unbowed.Just as he is checking if everything is in place for the drills, a poorly hit ball lands close to him. Instinctively, without turning, Chandna raises his left leg and lifts it.''Pick a spot on your target line, aim the club head and then place your feet together. Bend slightly from the top of your hips, keeping your back straight Do your waggle, or whatever motion starts your moving, and you are into your swing and this won't happen,'' he instructs a young golfer.''And don't forget, let your arms hang down, gorilla style,'' he shouts from behind.For nearly two years now, Chandna, a Pakhowal Road-based golfer has been nurturing talent at a private golf academy in Ludhiana. He is one of the few golf lovers in the city who have pursued the sport as a full-time career, to both enjoy and make money out of it.''That's the only way I couldn't get separated from golf,'' he giggles and then stops, interrupted by some teenagers practicing mock-swings.Talking about his journey, avid golfer Manav Chandna said: ''I have learned to pursue golf with conviction. When I was just dabbling in golf while working as relationship manager with Indiabulls, my father convinced me to follow it as a career. I want to teach and supervise everything related to this game with perfection,'' he says, recalling memories from 2007, when he took his maiden flight to United States for a course in golf management.He spent nearly 16 months learning fundamentals of golf operations at the academy in San Deigo, known as Mecca of golf in the US. ''I even learned how to conduct a tournament and analyze swings using modern equipments like cameras and softwares,'' he says.From a 24-handicap to a single digit handicap, Chandna has come a long way to teach and manage golf operations including food and beverage and even golf manufacturing.''My objective now is to qualify for the Indian tour in December,'' he says as he leaves for a session with the sale executives at the course's golf-pro shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12311569", "title": "Saligao locals protest against mobile tower", "text": "MAPUSA: Residents of Saligao have stepped up their protest against the mobile phone tower being erected in a residential area in the village.On Friday, a group of villagers organizing the protest asked local MLA Dilip Parulekar to visit the site at Abreu Vaddo, Saligao. The organizers claimed that over 250 residents from areas spanning Grande Morod to Mollembhat and from Muddavaddo to Salmona lit candles and met Parulekar expressing their opposition to the project.Parulekar assured them he would look into the matter and resolve the issue.\"We don't want this tower here. We don't want to take the risk and are willing to do anything to stop this project and get it shifted away from the residential neighbourhood,\" said Mario Mascarenhas, a resident.The villagers alleged that the tower is being constructed without construction licence from the panchayat. \"According to the law, they should take permission from TCP, PWD and health department. They should then bring all the permission letters to the panchayat. We will take the decision when all the documents are submitted and discussed in a meeting. Only then, will it be passed,\" said Saligao sarpanch Lucas Remedios.Saligao panchayat had issued a stop order notice to the project, but the tower's owner obtained a stay on the notice.\"The case has been blown out of proportion. I have permissions from TCP and Science and Technology and all other required clearances,\" said the director of the company erecting the tower.\"I don't want to put people's health to risk. We will strictly comply with norms of the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection,\" he said. \"It is better to have mobile towers closer to residential areas as there will be less power transmission. Otherwise, it requires high power transmission if the tower is located far away, which can cause harmful effects,\" the company director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12311327", "title": "Enrica may set sail next week", "text": "CHENNAI: The director-general of shipping has issued a letter permitting the release of Italian-flagged container, the Enrica Lexie, involved in the shooting of two Indian fishermen off the Kollam coast.Following this development, the ship is likely leave Kochi next week, a DG shipping official told ToI.Sailing out of Kochi may not be easy as the State government has opposed the release of the vessel while responding to a petition filed before the Kerala high court by James Mackintosh and Co Private Limited, the ship's agents and Dolfin Tankers, the ship's owners.Investigators, however, expressed fear that the DGS' clearance may strengthen the Italian company's bid to get an early release of the Enrica Lexie. Police sources pointed out that this could even upset the case against the two jailed marines who had shot Valentine Jelestine and Ajeesh on February 15.\"We feel helpless. The Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) of DGS has not given us any investigation report,\" said a senior officer. \"MMD is not exploring the possibility of recovering deleted data from the ship's voyage data recorder. And if the ship leaves Kochi, we will be never able to bring it back for further probe,\" he said.The shipping official said the investigation report would take a few more weeks for completion as the interrogation of the arrested marines was still pending. He said the MMD investigation did not cover vital evidences on board the vessel. \"The investigation has not touched the log books on board, which would have been a source of critical information about the position and operations of the vessel when the shooting happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12309169", "title": "Salman Rushdie in Delhi, tears into Imran and Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: In India two months after being forced to skip the Jaipur Literature Festival, the novelist Salman Rushdie hit out at the Congress on Saturday, suggesting that his presence there was blocked because of \"useless electoral calculations\" and told Rahul Gandhi that \"it did not work\".The renowned author, who has been castigated by fundamentalist Muslim groups for his book 'The Satanic Verses', observed that blocking his presence in Jaipur \"led the Congress party down the road\" in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections.Participating in the India Today Conclave, he said India \"deserves to be led by better leaders than is being now\". Referring to the controversy which surrounded the Jaipur festival in January and forced him to skip the event, he said, \"What happened there is not Deobandi bigotry... It was pretty useless electoral calculations. It did not work, Rahul (Gandhi).\"\"Indian electorate is smarter than these politicians... People can be whipped as in Jaipur Literature Festival,\" Rushdie said, adding that 95% of Muslims were not interested in violence and that that would be true for Hindus too.Rushdie, who spoke at a session with the theme 'Liberty versus: I am what I am and that's all that I am', said the culture of \"offendedness is growing\" in India. Citing the opposition by fundamentalists to the late MF Hussain and other artists and writers, he said, \"It seems every day there is a piece of bullying by groups of Muslims, Hindus... voices are being silenced... the chilling effect of violence is telling and it is growing in this country.\"Regretting the public apathy against such measures to silence free expression, the author contended, \"People are asleep. You need to wake up.\" He said that \"freedom is not a tea party, freedom is a war... Freedom is not absolute, it is something which somebody is there to take away. If you don't defend it, you will lose it.\" On his presence in India again as promised by him two months ago, he said: \"This seems normal that a writer of Indian birth who loves this country turns up to speak. This is normal. But it is abnormal that he is prevented. That danger is growing.\" Talking about the stiff opposition by some fundamentalists to 'The Satanic Verses' written 24 years ago, the London-based writer said: \"Who gives the people the right to attack me?\"He said he was extremely shocked that the writers who read from 'The Satanic Verses' at the Jaipur festival to express solidarity with him were not defended and were still in the danger of being prosecuted. He took a dig at the chief ministers of Jammu &amp; Kashmir Omar Abdullah and UP Akhilesh Yadav, besides Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan for not turning up at the event reportedly because of his presence.\"Some politicians suddenly discovered that they had ridiculously overcrowded schedules,\" he said.Rushdie hits out at Imran KhanSalman Rushdie hit out at Imran Khan, describing him as a \"dictator in waiting\". The former Pakistan cricketer-turned-founder of the political outfit Tehreek-e-Insaf withdrew from the conclave two days ago, saying \"he did not dream of being seen with Rushdie for the immeasurable hurt he has caused to Muslims\".\"A British writer described Imran Khan as a dictator in waiting. I am happy that nobody else is protesting this time than Imran Khan. Imran is afraid of facing my bouncers. Imran knew that he would share the stage with me,\" the Booker prize-winning writer said.\"Imran never read 'The Satanic Verses'. Imran is not a liberal,\" Rushdie said.Rushdie, who returned two months after he vowed on Indian television that he would come back to India after being stopped from the Jaipur Literature Festival in January, said he had \"not caused immeasurable harm to Mulsims\".\"Fanatics cause biggest harm to Islam. Immeasurable harm has been caused to Muslims by terrorists,\" he said.Rushdie said common people were more sensible than their leaders and 95% of Muslims in India were not in favour of violence and the things being said in their name.Freedom of speech is a casualty of bigotry, Rushdie said.\"India always had tradition of accepting free speech. Every day there is a price for hooliganism by bigots,\" he said, taking a dig at the \"disgraceful vote-bank politics taking place in India\".Rushdie said the ban on the import of 'The Satanic Verses' in the age of the internet was useless.(Inputs from PTI &amp; IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12314243", "title": "I could have become Delhi police chief had I compromised: Bedi", "text": "MUMBAI: India's first woman IPS officer Kiran Bedi has said that she could have become the first woman police chief of the national capital had she made some compromises.\"I could have compromised to become the Commissioner of Police but I did not. Had I done so, my self-esteem would have gone down,\" Bedi said at a day-long symposium titled 'Women Changing India' organised by USA's Barnard College on Friday.During the panel discussion on 'Conversations on Social Activism,' the cop-turned-activist said that some bureaucrats and politicians \"conspired\" to see that Delhi did not get a woman police chief.Other than Bedi, the session had Mirai Chatterjee, director of social security at Self Employed Women's Association; Shaheen Mistri, founder of Teach for India, and Gita Sen, professor at the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, as speakers.\"Women are critical stakeholders in India. They are leaders in their communities, in economic development, in activist movements, in corporate board rooms -- their influence is really at the heart of everything happening here,\" Debora Spar, president of Barnard College, said.Another panel discussion titled 'Voices of the Region' saw speakers including Nandita Das , Farah Khan, journalist Mallika Kapur and architect and conservationist Brinda Somaya highlighting major contributors to arts and media in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12320277", "title": "Released abductee narrates nightmare", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While the ordeal of the two abducted Italian nationals Bosusco Paolo and Claudia Colangelo can only be imagined, Santosh Maharana and Kartik Parida, who had accompanied the foreigners, heaved a sigh of relief after being released safely from Maoist custody on Saturday night.\"It was a scary experience. I had heard of abductions. I am glad to come out of the custody of gun-toting Maoists,\" said a visibly shaken Santosh soon after lodging an FIR about the incident at Sea Beach police station in Puri.A native of Puri, Santosh accompanied Paolo as a cook whenever the foreigner went on his expeditions to forests. Kartik too used to assist Paolo on his tours.Narrating the nightmare, Santosh said the Maoists kidnapped them at around 10 am on March 14 from a jungle near Daringibadi in Kandhamal district. \"We had reached Daringibadi on March 12. Next day we visited a neighbouring village and slept in a church,\" he told media persons. \"On March 14, we set up a temporary tent near a stream and were preparing our food when around 30 armed Maoists surrounded us from all sides,\" he said. \"They gagged our mouths. With blindfolded eyes, we walked for five kilometers. When our eyes were opened, we found scores of Maoists around us,\" Santosh recalled.He said the rebels confined them to one place till the afternoon of March 17. \"When we pleaded for mercy, they released me and Kartik. They said the foreigners would be released if government fulfils their demands,\" said Santosh. \"We were taken to a highway blindfolded from where we boarded a bus and reached Bhubaneswar on Sunday afternoon,\" he narrated.Santosh said the Maoists did not ill-treat them. \"They did not cause any harm to the four of us. They fed us on time,\" he said.Asked whether they invited Maoists' wrath for clicking photographs of tribal people in the forest, Santosh replied in the negative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310563", "title": "No tickets for rebels returning to party: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: All those sitting BJP councillors who are pining hopes of getting a ticket from other wards may not make it to the contest. There are at least 100 of the 172 BJP councilors in the current MCD who are likely to be hit by the 50% reservation for women and the restructuring of wards. Also, all those BJP councillors, leaders and workers planning to seek tickets for their wives and sisters to make the most of the quota are unlikely to break ice with the BJP brass.As its prepares to declare its first list of candidates sometime next week, the BJP election committee led by state president Vijender Gupta has put in place a set of guidelines for selection of candidates. All party men who turned rebels on being denied a ticket and then returned to the party after losing the election will not be considered for a ticket.The candidate will be picked up from the ward and tickets will not be given to outsiders. The election committee has decided to apply this to sitting councillors too. In cases where the sitting councillor's seat has got reserved for a woman or has been unreserved for general category, he/she may not get a ticket from another ward. Even in adjoining wards they may have to contend with strong contenders of that particular ward.The BJP has decided that tickets will not be given to relatives of councillors or BJP leaders and workers unless the aspirant is a BJP worker or activist and is eligible for the ward.The Congress, too, has made it clear that no rebels, who later made a comeback into the party, will be entertained for a ticket. The Congress is also not considering candidates who lost the last MCD poll with less than 1,000 votes. The Congress has also decided that a candidate will qualify for a ticket only if he or she resides there. The decision is aimed at preventing a repeat of 2007 elections when the Congress had lost to the BJP. The apex election committee of the Congress will be meeting early next week and the first list of candidates is likely to be declared by Thursday. The filing of nominations begins on Monday and will go on till March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12318233", "title": "Nepal government directs ministries to halt Gurkha recruitments", "text": "KATHMANDU: Indian and British armies may no longer be able to employ Gurkhas, known for their valour, following a Nepalese government decision to eventually stop their recruitment in foreign countries.Nepal's government has directed Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA) and other concerned ministries to implement the recommendations of a report that seeks to ultimately halt Gurkha recruitments in foreign armies.The Office of Prime Minister and Council of Ministers (OPMCM) have sent separate letters to various ministries on March 9 directing them to initiate procedures for implementing recommendations of the report, Nepal's Foreign Policy in Changed Context: 2012, saying it was endorsed by a House panel.The report approved by the Parliamentary Committee on International Relations and Human Rights on December 26, 2011, was later presented in the Legislature Parliament.The report has drawn sharp criticism from Ex-Gurkha organisations which have warned to launch protests if Gurkha Recruitment Centres are shut down in Nepal, the Republica reported.Nepalese Gurkhas are mainly serving in Indian Army and British Army.The parliamentary report argues that although the Gurkha recruitment gave the Nepali youths limited employment opportunity, serving with foreign military had not allowed the country to hold its head high", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312568", "title": "New health scheme likely to benefit 40% of Pune's poor", "text": "PUNE: A city which has an estimated 40% of its population living in slums stands to benefit from the launch of the National Urban Health Mission (NUHS) in the Union budget 2012.Experts say it will enhance urban poors access to healthcare and improve their standard of living. However, sceptics say it is just an announcement and that there is no financial allocation to implement it.\"If the scheme is implemented, a huge chunk of urban poor will reap the benefits,\" said senior health activist Anant Phadke, who is associated with the Jan Swastha Abhiyaan - an apex body of NGOs working in the health sector across the country.Pune is home to 10 lakh urban poor living mostly in slums. The prevalence of non-communicable diseases like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases is equally high among them compared to the urban middle and upper classes.\"The only substantial financial allocation (from Rs 105 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 270 crore in 2012-13) is made for the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Strokes in this year's budget. This will definitely help bring down the burden of diseases,\" Phadke said.Energy-rich diets and less active lifestyles, forced reliance on local corner stores, and over-reliance on fast food restaurants are the anomalies that affect all socio-economic stratas of the society. This study is proved by the assessments done to find cases of cardiovascular diseases and cancer among those over 40 years of age, and TB, respiratory infections and diarrhoea among children under 5 years of age.\"Significant health inequities exist within urban areas. Estimations of the progress towards the Millennium Development Goals suggest a marked lagging behind of the poorest urban residents compared to the richest. The implementation of NUHS will help fill these gaps. This will eventually help improve the quality of living among urban poor,\" said Devendra Shirole, national vice-president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA).Extrapolation from the census data available indicates an almost seven-fold increase in the population of urban India in the last seven decades. Pune's population, which was 350 million in 2010, is projected to reach 535 million by 2026. Till date, 56% of deliveries among the urban poor occur at home. Similarly, data on complete immunization, and nutritional status among children, and anaemia among women reveal that the urban poor are worse off than their non-poor counterparts.\"The National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) is a strategy to address these lacunae. Once implemented, it will cover all state capitals and cities with a population of over 100,000, and focus on vulnerable populations such as rag-pickers, street children and migrants,\" Shirole said.Experts warn that underutilisation of funds -- which has been plaguing the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) -- should not come in the way of implementation of the NUHS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311651", "title": "Allahabad University will soon turn into a no-tobacco zone", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University will soon become a no-tobacco zone. Vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh has asked the Registrar and chief proctor to take steps in this regard.The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, which came into effect from May 1, 2004, bans the sale of cigarettes and tobacco products with in a radius of 100 yards of the educational institutions. A circular of University Grants Commission sent to all universities in October 2006 had called for putting a ban on the sale of tobacco products within a radius of 100 yards of the institution.The signboards, as prescribed under the rules, are to be displayed outside the universities and affiliated colleges, prominently stating that sale of cigarettes and tobacco products is strictly prohibited and that such sale is an offence punishable with a fine of Rs 200. The shops, if any, selling cigarettes and other tobacco products near the university, were to be got removed immediately. All the universities, including deemed, were asked to take action to ensure the implementation of the Act.But even after four years, AU had failed to take any action. It is now that V-C has directed Registrar Prof JN Mishra and chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tewari to do the needful so that AU premises and the surroundings can be made tobacco free zone.But, this would be a Herculean task for the university as besides students, even employees and teaching faculty is addicted to tobacco products. \"Who will check the teachers and non-teaching staff of AU,\" asked a senior teacher when told about the proposed no tobacco zone.Chief Proctor Prof Tewari said, \"We have been asked by the V-C and would do our best to motivate the employees, faculty and students to refrain from tobacco, first it would be request but if it fails to show result that fine could also be implemented\". Installing sign boards and messages at various location, informing the users to refrain from using tobacco, will also come handy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12311748", "title": "Jaya Bachchan, Vinay Katiyar file Rajya Sabha nomination papers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bollywood actor and Samajwadi Party candidate, Jaya Bachchan filed her nomination papers on Saturday for the Rajya Sabha biennial poll. She arrived this morning from New Delhi and went straight to the Vidhan Sabha secretariat to file her papers at around 11.30 AM. She was accompanied by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , his uncle and minister Shivpal Singh Yadav. This is the second time that Jaya has been made SP candidate for the Rajya Sabha. Earlier, she had represented the SP in Rajya Sabha in 2002. However, after the end of her tenure in 2006, she declined the similar offer made to her by the Samajwadi Party. Within political circle, the matter was then linked with her changing equations with the Samajwadi Party in the wake of its difference with Amar Singh, who was later shown doors.An old friend of Bachchan family, Amar Singh was incidentally responsible for bringing it close to the SP fold. However, Amar Singh has now become completely irrelevant after he has been unable to make his presence felt in the recently held assembly poll in the state. His bitter campaign against SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav reaped him no gains. The affidavit filed by Jaya put her net worth at Rs 48.56 crore and a net liability of Rs 47.71 crore in the form of loans from banks and financial institutions etc. Likewise, she has stated in her affidavit that her spouse and cine star, Amitabh Bachhan has a net worth of around 101 crore and a liability of about Rs 104 crore in the form of loans from banks and financial institutions.Compared to her, Vinay Katiyar of BJP who also filed his nomination, has a net worth of Rs 2.50 crore, according to his affidavit. With them, a total 10 candidates have filed their nominations against the equal number of vacancies. This means they will be elected unopposed and the result will be officially announced after scrutiny of nomination papers on March 22. Based on the party positions, SP will get six seats, while BSP would get two seats. BJP and Congress would get a seat each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312607", "title": "Headless body of man found on train from Delhi", "text": "CHENNAI: A headless body of a male, aged about 40, was recovered from an unreserved compartment of the Grand Trunk Express, which arrived at the Central Railway Station from Delhi on Saturday. The assailants had severed the head and stuffed the body, which had a trouser and a vest, into a box.The box sized 2.5 x 2.5 x 5 feet was spotted by cleaners around 7.15am, following which they informed the police. Police opened the box and found the body wrapped in a black polythene cover. On being informed, assistant commissioner of police (Central railway station) S Ponramu visited the scene along with railway protection force personnel. Soon enough, the news spread and passengers waiting for trains gathered around the box.Police said the body had injuries on the shoulders, possibly suffered when the head was severed.\"The man appeared to be of fair complexion. The headless body was probably loaded on to the train in Delhi. The identity of the man is not yet known. We are trying to reach our counterparts in Delhi to see whether the wooden box was sent from Delhi,\" said ACP Ponramu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "12317221", "title": "Trivedi issue: Mamata to fly to Delhi", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: In an apparent bid to mount pressure for the removal of Dinesh Trivedi as railway minister, Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee is reaching Delhi tonight for discussions on the issue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress leaders.Mamata had asked the Prime Minister to sack Trivedi after he had announced hike in passenger fares in the Rail budget, and wanted him to be replaced by Mukul Roy, another minister.During her discussions with Congress leadership, Mamata is also likely to urge the Prime Minister not to go ahead with the NCTC and seek deletion of its reference from the President's address to Parliament. Over a dozen non-Congress chief ministers including from Gujarat, Bihar , Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, have opposed the NCTC.The Prime Minister is expected to reply to the discussion on the Motion of Thanks to the President's Address in the Lok Sabha tomorrow.Discussion on the Rail budget, earlier expected to commence tomorrow, may now take place on Tuesday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12311637", "title": "20kg cake for iconic ton", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: City is all set to make Sachin Tendulkar's ton a lot more special with its grand celebrations. A special party has been planned in Sarabha Nagar market on Sunday evening to add to the iconic feat of the master blaster.Harjinder Singh, owner of Hot Breads, said they have planned a cake cutting ceremony for which a 20kg cake is being made.This cake would be cut by 75 year old veteran cricketer, Chaman Lal, who is the chief selector of the Ranji and whose name is registered in the Wisden book for his batting performance.Chaman Lal said, \"It is a great honour for me that I have been asked to cut the cake for Tendulkar. I will try to make up for the celebrations, as this is a big occasion for all of us.\" A big banner of the size 15 x 20 feet reading 'Sachin does not deserve Bharat Ratna as much as Bharat Ratna deserves him' was seen hanging in the market on Saturday.\"One of the main attractions of this celebration would be the wax statue of Tendulkar. Chander Shekhar Prabhakar, who has made this statue, has agreed to bring it in the market. What is special is he refused to take money for that, saying he is a big fan of Tendulkar and will not charge anything for this celebration,\" said Harjinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310696", "title": "2G court warns Ruias, Khaitans for staying away", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Saturday directed Essar Group promoters Anshuman and Ravi Ruia, Loop telecom's I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan, accused in a case related to 2G spectrum allocation scam, to appear in person before it with a warning they would suffer if they do not do so.The warning came from Special CBI Judge O P Saini after the Ruias and Khaitans also failed to turn up at the hearing on Saturday. While allowing their plea for exemption from personal appearance for the day after their counsel said the matter regarding jurisdiction of the special court in taking cognisance of the CBI charge sheet against them was pending in the Supreme Court, the court said, \"It would be better and in their interest to appear before the court. People do not follow my advice and then they suffer.\" The court has now listed the matter for further hearing on March 31.During the hearing, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for Ruias, said hearing in the apex court would continue in the next week. \"The hearing in the Supreme Court on jurisdiction has started and it (hearing) is kept for next Friday. Kindly give us three weeks time,\" Rohatgi said.The court, however, said it would not give time to them on the ground that matter is pending before the Supreme Court.Vikas Saraf, Essar Group Director (Strategy and Planning) and a co-accused in the case, however, appeared before the court. The CBI, which was expected to file the reply on Saraf's bail plea, told the court that they would do so after bail pleas of other accused are also filed in the court. The court asked the CBI to file its reply on bail plea of Saraf on March 31, the next date of hearing.Meanwhile, the court deferred till May 26 the hearing on a plea by Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy who had levelled some fresh allegations against former telecom minister A Raja, the key accused in the 2G spectrum allocation case.The court adjourned the hearing for May 26 after Swamy's counsel Tarun Goomber said the matter for making Chidambaram a co-accused in the case was pending before the Supreme Court.The judge also condoned Swamy's absence from the court on Saturday on his plea for exemption from personal appearance for the day as he was in Chennai. The court had earlier dismissed Swamy's plea to make Chidambaram an accused in the 2G case saying he did not indulge in any criminal conspiracy or derived any pecuniary advantage in the decisions taken with Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311593", "title": "Diocesan Society of Education agrees to employ computer teachers", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , in keeping with his promise, seems to have finally found a solution to the long-standing issue of regularization of jobs of over 200 contract computer teachers.Parrikar convened a meeting on Saturday afternoon with director of education Anil Powar and head of the diocesan society of education Fr Zeferino D'Souza. At the meeting, the schools with Catholic managements agreed to postings of the computer teachers in their schools. \"The schools have agreed to the government decision and the postings will materialize in the next 15 days or so,\" Powar told mediapersons.Government-aided schools run by minority managements had objected to providing postings for the teachers in their schools stating that it is a violation of the minority schools' rights. The schools said, as per the Constitution of India, they could employ individuals without government interference and also expressed fears that the state government would pressurize them with regards to appointments in the future too.The minority-run schools issued a public notice in the local dailies to this effect.Computer teachers who were issued appointment letters by the government were in the lurch following the notice, as the schools refused them with postings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312185", "title": "Remove squatters from government accommodations: Umashankar Gupta", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government will soon carry out a survey for the computerization of data of the government accommodation in the state. An FIR will be registered against illegal occupants of government accommodations, said home minister Umashankar Gupta at a review meeting on eviction of illegal occupants from government accommodations on Friday, official press release said.The home minister said illegal occupants should be evicted from government accommodations at the earliest. Rent should also be recovered strictly. He said a letter should also be sent to the department of the concerning officer or employee to take action against him.Gupta said a survey should be started at the earliest for computerization of entire data of government accommodations. Additional Chief Secretary Home Ashok Das said the survey work would begin in March. During investigation, 9 officers and employees have been found illegally occupying government accommodations in South TT Nagar in Bhopal .Gupta said that services of private lawyers should be sought for disposal of cases pending in courts. Action in this connection should be taken expeditiously. Secretary Home Seema Sharma, Director Estate and other officers were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12311631", "title": "Man attempts suicide twice in two days", "text": "MYSORE: A 35-year-old villager, who attempted suicide twice in two days, has survived.He is undergoing treatment at a private hospital here and his condition is said to be stable.Jawara, a native of T Narasipura, attempted suicide by consuming poison at his village on Friday. He was undergoing treatment at a private hospital on Bannur road in Mysore. When he regained consciousness on Saturday, Jawara jumped from the second floor of the hospital building and suffered injuries.Orthopaedic Manjunath, who is treating Jawara, said Jawara was admitted to hospital after consuming venomous liquid on March 16 and was undergoing treatment.On Saturday, he allegedly broke the window panes and jumped from the second floor.Reason for the extreme step is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312661", "title": "DMK calls high-level meet to discuss Lanka issue", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Centre under pressure from Dravidian parties in Tamil Nadu to support a US-sponsored resolution in the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) against Sri Lanka for alleged war crimes, UPA's key constituent DMK has convened a meeting of its high-level committee on March 20 to discuss the issue.Party chief M Karunanidhi will chair the meeting at the party headquarters here, DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan said in a statement on Saturday. The agenda at the meeting would be \"India supporting the resolution on Sri Lankan army's war crimes against Eelam Tamils,\" he said.DMK's decision is being perceived as a pressure tactic as Karunanidhi had repeatedly stressed on India backing the resolution at the UNHRC. He had recently said DMK would consider it as a \"betrayal of Tamils\" if New Delhi supports Colombo. Asked if he would review his party's support to the Centre if it failed to concede to its demand, Karunanidhi had said he could not take a decision by himself and that the executive would decide on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311897", "title": "Drug peddler held with 140 injections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Police have arrested a 35-year-old drug peddler Sunil of Sector 25 and recovered 140 injections of Buprenoa-phine Abl - 10ml from his possession on Friday night. The recovered injections were meant for drug addicts. Accused Sunil was earlier also arrested for drug peddling.SHO of PS 11, Gurmukh Singh, said the chemist shop from where Sunil had procured the huge number injections has been identified and a report will sent to the UT health department in this regard.Notably, the consumption of medicinal drugs is increasing with each passing day in the city and police had recovered a total 190 injections and 3,864 capsules from drug addicts in 2011. The recovery of these huge injections and medicine capsules, which were meant for addicts, forced the Chandigarh Police to take the matter with UT health department.Accused Sunil was produced in the district courts in Sector 17, and sent to judicial custody for 14 days. A case was registered at police station in Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12312219", "title": "Four get lifer in Khade murder case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Four persons who faced trial in the cold blooded murder of Bharat Khade over a farm property dispute in Nimni (Bakhardi) were awarded life imprisonment by additional sessions and district judge PD Digraskar on Friday. The convicts Madhukar Bramhane, Sahdeo Bramhane, Hirabai Bramhane and Lopabai Bramhane are relatives of the deceased's wife.On September 2, 2010, Khade was looking for farm labourers when the convicts intercepted him and picked up a quarrel. After tying Khade with a rope, they dragged him to the front yard of their house, brutally punched, kicked and clubbed him. Seriously injured Khade was rushed to a hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.On a compliant filed by Shatrughan Khade, brother of the deceased, a murder case was registered against the four. All the four convicts would have to spend another month in jail if they fail to deposit Rs 5,000 fine slapped on each of them. PSO Rajura Bharat Thakre investigated the case while additional public prosecutor advocate Jayant Salve was the prosecutor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312371", "title": "Google says Delhi boy\u2019s 1 of 10 smartest kids", "text": "Abhishek Arora might be the baby of the family - he's 14 - but when it comes to technology, he's the grandpa . It's little wonder that when Mohan Lal Arora wants to embed an interactive chart in his PowerPoint presentation, he calls on his son. Ditto for Ruhani Arora , who understands technology but turns to her younger brother for a helping hand every now and then.The thing is, Abhishek knows computers , and how. He can design websites with HTML, he can work Photoshop like a pro and, if push should come to shove, he can code in C and C++!Should you have trouble believing any of this, just ask Google. They'll tell you Abhishek is one of 10 winners of this year's Google Code In, an open source competition for pre-university students around the world, or at least anybody who can log onto a computer.Code In, one of the most prestigious of its kind, booted up on November 21 last year. Open to children between the ages of 13 and 17, it aims at introducing the world of open source software to teenagers.\"I read about it on a Google blog post,\" says Abhishek, who spends most of his evenings surfing the web. Once in, Abhishek realised he'd found his calling.Google provides Code In with a platform but the competition is run by third-party organizations that hand out tasks, like coding a piece of software or finishing simulation models.Each completed task, depending on its level of difficulty , is worth a certain number of points and contestants are expected to accumulate as many points as possible.The 2011 edition ran for eight weeks before Google went into a huddle with its partners to declare the results. Between November and January, the competition saw 542 students from 56 countries completing 3,054 tasks. The results were announced on February 14. Of the 10 winners, five were from India.\"These 10 pre-university students completed an impressive 449 tasks during the contest,\" Stephanie Taylor, the Google executive who oversaw the contest, wrote on the company's official blog.Abhishek, second on the list with 150 points, was the youngest of them all. Shitiz Garg, also from India, topped the list with 200 points. Gaurav Narula, Gautam and Aneesh Dogra are the other winners from India.Not that it was a cakewalk. The competition took a toll on participants . Abhishek, for example, had to juggle his classes, school assignments, his lawn tennis classes and the Code In tasks.\"There were no strict deadlines since the contest was about finishing as many tasks as possible. That helped. And of course, winter vacation came in handy,\" says the kid who learnt coding and designing from free tutorials on the web. Once he finishes school, Abhishek wants to work on the next-generation search engine.\"I'm fascinated by search engines and how they work, bringing information to us the minute we want. It could be Google or some other company but I have my sights set on Silicon Valley,\" he says. Well, he's halfway there. For in June, Google will fly him to its headquarters in Mountain View, California to take part in the prize ceremony and to meet the company's engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12317961", "title": "Collector rates likely to go up by average 20% in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Collector rates of stamp duty for registration of land are likely to go up by 20% from April 1, sources in the revenue department said.\"The trend during the last few years has been around average 20% increase and there is no reason why the same trend continues especially at a time when the new Badal government will require resources to bring the economy back on rail,\" the sources said.The data collected for February in 16 districts revealed that Rs 157 crore were collected through stamp duty. The remaining six districts are likely to yield at least Rs 40 crore during the month.With this yield, the revenue department would have collected around Rs 2700 crore by the end of February. The target for the year was Rs 2900 crore.March sees a heavy activity on the front of the registration making the department hopeful of over-achieving the target.The target for the next year will be close to Rs 3500 crore from stamp duty.The overachievement of the target will give the state government a cushion amidst a heavy burden to fulfill promises made or sops announced for all segments of the people.The revenue department had seen a fall in monthly collection by Rs 19 crore due to restrictions on movement of cash during the assembly elections.But the fall during the election is likely to be made up in February and March when more registrations take place to avoid payment on stamp duty as per the new rates.Collector rates are notified by collector (deputy commissioner) of each district after studying market conditions for sale and purchase of land. Places like Ludhiana and Mohali have been witnessing higher rates than other districts due to demand for land pushing market prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312763", "title": "Redevelopment could have saved building: Mhada", "text": "The three-storeyed Ganpat Wete Sadan would not have caught fire and collapsed had it been reconstructed or redeveloped, said officials of the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada), adding that it would have been better to pull down the cessed building entirely instead of repairing it five times in the past.Mhada has categorized cessed buildings into three types: A (those built pre-1940 ), B (1940-1950 ) and C (1951-1969 ). Ganpat Wete Sadan falls in A category as it was constructed before 1940.According to the records with Mumbai Building Repairs and Reconstruction Board (MBBRB ), there are 14,995 cessed buildings in the island city. \"Of these, 852 are being redeveloped under the government's 33/7 scheme. So far, 542 cessed buildings have been redeveloped. Currently, 2,659 buildings have received the no-objection certificate for redevelopment,\" said Mahendra Varbhvan, chief of the board.The cessed structures-most of them built before 1940-are private buildings in south Mumbai and the responsibility of repair and maintenance lies with Mhada. The tenants pay cess to Mhada as the landlords find it impossible to maintain the structures with the low rents.Officials said sooner the tenants and landlords decided on the fate of the building , the better it was. \"Timely repairs of the building are important. Rs 2,000 per sq m has been stipulated for repair work. Since repair work usually exceeds the amount, the Mhada acquires the structure and reconstructs it or residents decide to redevelop it,\" said an official. In reconstruction, the government agency officiates the process-razing the structure and developing it-while in redevelopment , the society gets private developers. Once the building goes in for reconstruction or redevelopment , it ceases to be a cessed building.The problem lies in the low rents paid by tenants. \"The freeze in the Rent Act has ensured that the amount paid by tenants is very low. As a result, the landlord is in no position to go in for redevelopment. Then, of course, there are squabbles and uncertainties over redevelopment that keeps people from taking the plunge,\" said the official.Brick by brickRedevpt projects completed so far: 542 Redevpt projects in progress: 852 NOCs granted: 2,659 Reconstruction projects in progress: 3 Original cessed buildings: 19,642 Current cessed buildings: 14,995", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12311030", "title": "4th robbery suspect identified", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai police team camping in Bihar has identified the fourth bank robbery suspect who was killed in an alleged gun battle with police in Velachery on February 23.The team led by assistant commissioner S Tamil Selvan established the identity of the man through an informer. \"An accused, who was released from a prison recently, identified him as J P Yadav, a close associate of Harish Kumar (another man killed in the encounter),\" a police officer said.Of the five suspects who were killed, Sujay Kumar Ray, who headed the team in two bank robberies in Chennai, Harish Kumar and Vinay Prasad were identified. The three bodies were handed over to their family members formally by XIV metropolitan magistrate M Geetha Rani of Egmore court.As one more deceased is now identified, the police team has gone to Yadav's village in Fatwa district. Preliminary inquiries revealed that Yadav had worked in a mutt along with another robber suspect Harish Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311757", "title": "The web's now your ticket to the World", "text": "PANAJI: Has your passport recently expired and you need to apply for a new one? Or is the shadow of long queues, fear of harassment or the thought of having to approach pesky touts hindering you?In a move that will bring both relief and joy to passport applicants, all passport applications will now be done online.As part of the ambitious union government project, the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)-operated Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) has finally been fully set-up at the Goa passport office and will now handle all passport applications for the state. Under the new system, all applications will be done through an online passport portal- www.passportindia.gov.in, though a manual facilitation counter will also be available at the office for some time.After the online application-instructions for which are available on the web portal-an Application Reference Number (ARN) will be generated with each application along with the scheduled appointment date and time slot. This will eliminate long queues as a maximum of 20 applicants will be accommodated in 45 minute appointment slots.During the appointment, a pre-verification process will take place and a new flat-screen display aided token-and-counter-number system will guide applicants to any of seven separate counters where they can submit their self-attested documents (age proof , residence proof, old passport etc), sign the application-both of which will then be then scanned - and pay the fee at the counter itself. Any changes to the application can be done at the counter and dual monitors have been installed for the purpose. Photographs will also be captured on the spot and merged with the application.Verification officers will verify genuineness of documents, and if everything is in order the granting officers will conduct prior approval checks-to ascertain if the applicant holds another passport, or has any criminal antecedents - and then process the application.The entire process is expected to be completed in less than 30 minutes after which applications are sent for police clearance. Passports will be printed as soon as the police report is received.The Passport department will complete all processing in front of you and inform you of the status of your application right away. So, if your passport shows no signs of turning up at your doorstep within a week or two, you can be rest assured it is stuck at the police clearance level.Among the new amenities available at the modernized passport office are a photocopier (saving trips outside just to photocopy), pay phone, water coolers, instruction boards, new washrooms, comfortable waiting area among other facilities. A cafeteria and ATM are also planned and will be available when the rest of the Passport Bhavan renovation work which is in progress, is completed.The PSK will be formally inaugurated on March 19 by MEA officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12314573", "title": "Dull voting in Karnataka Lok Sabha bypoll", "text": "BANGALORE: The bypoll to Karanataka's Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat saw a slow start Sunday, with around 10 per cent of 1.24 million voters casting their ballots in the first three hours.Polling began at 8 am. \"It is slow and we expect it to pick up,\" a spokesperson for the state election office told reporters in Bangalore.Retaining the seat is critical for the survival of the Bharatiya Janata Party government in Karnataka.The bypoll has been caused by BJP's DV Sadananda Gowda vacating the seat after becoming chief minister in August last year, succeeding scam-hit BS Yeddyurappa.The fight is between BJP's youth leader V Sunil Kumar and K. Jayaprakash Hegde of the Congress, though Janata Dal-Secular (JD-S) also has its candidate SL Bhoje Gowda, a local leader, in the fray.Vote count is on March 21.Around 7,000 police personnel are on duty to ensure smooth polling in the constituency spread over Udupi and Chikmagalur districts, according to state chief electoral office CS Suranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312153", "title": "Experts enlighten, passouts rejoice", "text": "LUCKNOW: If Union finance minister Pranab Mukerjee failed to impress the country with his \"safe budget\" on Friday, Dr C Rangarajan, chairman, Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council, on Saturday, explained why there were still plenty of options to look forward in the new fiscal.Speaking at the 26th convocation ceremony of the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow, Rangarajan, who was chief guest, said that there are three reasons why 2012-2013 may turn out to be better than 2011-12. Addressing a gathering of 517 graduating students, their families and IIM-L faculty, Rangarajan said, \"Inflation rates may reduce, leading to interest rates being eased. Output and capacity-creation targets in infrastructure sector-coal, power and roads could also be fulfilled. Third, and equally important, there could be greater clarity on issues relating to land acquisition and environment. For these three reasons, one can expect the growth rate in 2012-2013 to be an improvement over the current fiscal.\"While remaining positive on the Indian growth story, Rangarajan also said high inflation, balance of payments and the country's fiscal deficit were some of the macro-economic concerns India was grappling with. Reaffirming Mukerjee's decision to reduce the overall level of subsidies as a proportion of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Rangarajan also laid emphasis on the need for fiscal consolidation in the country.Despite his presence at the convocation ceremony the evening was not entirely about economics, or about number crunching and identifying areas of concern. For the graduating students of IIM-L, being awarded their diplomas by Dr Devi Singh, director, IIM Lucknow was still the high point.A total of 364 students from the 26th batch of Post Graduate Programme in Management, 21 students from the 7th batch of Post Graduate Programme in Agri-business Management, 7 students from the doctoral programme, 58 students from Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Executives (WMP), and 67 students from International Programme in Management for Executives (IPMX) batches, from the Noida campus received their diplomas.Speaking on the occasion Singh urged the graduating students to set out of the institute with a vision, since that is what they would be tested on.The convocation event was also used as a platform to enlist IIM-L's key achievements over the past one year. Saying that the institute laid emphasis on research and consultancy as key areas, Singh said, \"IIM-L is committed to drive several socially relevant research and consultancy projects in agriculture, entrepreneurship, health management, education, IT and rural development. Apart from mentioning that nearly 80 research contributions from our faculty members were published, at least 30 new consultancy assignments were initiated, 21 assignments, he said, are in progress, while 9 have been completed. Among other achievements of the institute, a team of Prof Rajiv Srivastava, Prof Samir Srivastava and Prof Atanu Chaudhuri were awarded funding from UK-India Education and Research Initiative for a research proposal titled 'Understanding UK and Indian food industries'. The trio will work with researchers from Institute for Manufacturing, Cambridge University , for two years, studying the operational challenges in the British and Indian food industries.Rangarajan also called up chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and had a detailed discussion on development and various priorities of the state. The CM had a detailed discussion on development and various priorities of the state government with the chairman.Discussing various aspects of power, road and agriculture, Rangarajan said that they were high on the priority of the government. On behalf of the PM office, Rangarajan assured all possible support for the development of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310928", "title": "Fire breaks out on ship minutes after unloading", "text": "MUMBAI: A major fire broke out on a Korean-flagged chemical tanker that was berthed at Pir Pau berth of Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) around 11.30am on Saturday. Officials said there were no casualties, but three persons had to be rushed to hospital with burn injuries.A greater tragedy was averted as the fire occurred minutes after the 9,500 dead-weight tonnes (DWT) chemical tanker \"Royal Diamond\" had discharged 2,000 tonnes of toluene. It took almost two hours to bring the fire under control.The exact cause of the fire is not yet known but it appears that the fire started from one of the ship's holes at the fore of the tanker below the deck. The Port Fire Service personnel immediately put its fire-fighting systems into operation to douse the fire. V R Joglekar, chief public relations officer, MbPT, said, \"The fire was brought under control immediately. Fire tenders of MCGM, Tata Power as well as Aegis assisted the Port Fire Service in the operations.\"A senior official said, \"The incident could have proved disastrous to property and personnel if the fire had erupted before the discharge of 2,000 tonnes of chemical.\"Sources said that the inquiry will be conducted by a team from the marine engineering department of the port trust. Officials said the incident would not affect traffic at the jetty as sufficient distance is maintained between the berths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12320267", "title": "BJP ex-sarpanch accused of killing two in Halol", "text": "VADODARA: Four months after two men in their 20s drowned in a canal in Baska village, Halol police lodged a complaint of murder against an ex-sarpanch of BJP. An FIR has been registered against Piyush Patel, former sarpanch of Rajpur village in Halol. Patel has been accused of killing Jayesh Barot, 25, and Yogesh Shekhar, 21, residents of Rajpur village. Barot was a local right to information (RTI) activist.Though the police have registered the complaint, they don't seem to be convinced that the duo was killed by Patel. The cops admitted that they registered FIR under pressure as RTI activists across the state felt that Barot was killed as he was exposing wrongdoings through RTI.According to police, Barot and Shekhar had gone missing on November 13, 2011. \"The duo was called for lunch by Patel at his farm. They visited his farm but when they learnt that he had made vegetarian food, they decided to leave. On way back, they must have decided to take bath in the canal,\" said G V Desai, DySP, SC/ST cell.\"According to Patel, he saw the duo drowning in the canal water and tried to help them. He even stopped a passer-by to seek help. But, the duo had died by then. Patel was with his family when the incident happened,\" Desai told TOI. However, family members of Barot alleged that Patel had pushed him in the canal along with Shekhar.Desai said that the post-mortem report stated that there were no injury marks on the bodies of the deceased and that they had died due to drowning. \"But, Barot's family insisted that it was a murder. The cops even found shoes of both the deceased on the bank of the canal. Now, how can anyone remove shoes of the deceased before pushing them into the canal? But, there was lot of pressure to register complaint as RTI activists felt that Barot was killed with some ulterior motive,\" Desai said.\"Also, Shekhar's father has stated in the FIR that Barot had an illicit affair with Patel's wife and hence he was bumped off. And, Shekhar was killed to eliminate any eyewitness,\" the police official said.Desai has prepared a report that will be placed in the court on Monday. He has recommended a lie detection test on Patel to dig out the truth. Patel, however, is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310947", "title": "Former chief election commissioner wants right to reject option in electronic voting machines", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former chief election commissioner T S Krishnamurthy said here that the time has come to rethink the first-past-the-post vote system.While delivering a talk on the 'Future of Democracy' in the city on Saturday, he suggested that major reforms in the election process are necessary to improve the quality of our democracy.Krishnamurthy said the first-past-the-post vote system, where the candidate who gets the highest number of voters is declared winner, has outlived its use. \"We can perhaps think of a system where only a person who gets more than half the votes is elected,\" he suggested.The other radical suggestion the former CEC made was to incorporate the right to reject option in electronic voting machines (EVMs).\"I had suggested this to the government. But the government said if a majority of the votes are polled to the right to reject option, it may warrant more elections,\" he said.He was also critical of political parties that moved the Supreme Court against the use of EVMs in elections. \"The political parties do not have a problem with EVMs once they are in power,\" he said.In reply to a question from the member of an audience, Krishnamurthy said all attempts to defame the EVM had failed.\"A person from Andhra Pradesh claimed he could demonstrate the fallibility of the machine, but failed to do so in front of the Supreme Court. The EVMs were developed by two public sector companies after 10 internal trials. The engineers who developed this must be appreciated,\" he said.However, Krishnamurthy evaded a direct answer to a question on Manmohan Singh holding the office of the Prime Minister with being a member of Lok Sabha .\"The Prime Minister is a good man. His leadership is not the problem. The problem is that we do not have good people to force change,\" he said in response.The talk was organised by Kural: Voice of Coimbatore at the N D Hall in the SIEMA Buildings on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12312100", "title": "Qaida chief asks Pakistanis to rebel against govt", "text": "WASHINGTON: Al-Qaida chief Ayman al-Zawahiri has asked Pakistanis to revolt against their government and military by staging uprisings on the 'Arab Spring' pattern and labelled the nation's army as \"slaves of America\" .Believed to be in deep hiding, Zawahiri surfaced for the first time in months to post a 10 minute video uploaded on jihadist forums, saying the Pakistan army was in \"partnership with America\" in a war against Islam.\"Cannot a million free people rise from amongst the Muslims of Pakistan to stage a protest against the generals of Pakistan army so as to force them to stop their treachery,\" Zawahiri, 60, said in the video which was not dated. The Egyptian cleric also said his groups would not release an elderly US developmental expert, Warren Weinstein, captured in Pakistan last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312161", "title": "FIR against 6 in open school mark sheet scam", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Friday registered a case of forgery against half a dozen persons--two representatives of data entry firms and four education department employees--in connection with the alleged mark sheets scam in the MP Open School.The MP Nagar police registered cases against two supervisors of Mhow and Meghnagar (in Jhabua) centres of the school and two other employees of the centres . Besides, two representatives of data entry firms were also booked.MP State Open School director Anil Singh Gour lodged the complaint. The police said a case was registered after verifying charges.The complaint said Ashish Mehta, who runs a data entry firm in Kolar and an Ahmedabad-based firm of Virendra Patel that deals in printing documents forged admit cards and provided to the centre supervisors of Mhow and Meghnagar.On the basis of admit cards, the supervisors allegedly issued mark sheets to some 425 students of class X and XII, who never appeared for the examination.Two senior officials of the MP State Open Board were suspended and later reinstated in the alleged mark sheet scam. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312662", "title": "Plan panel lauds state on backward region grant", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may not be on the best of terms with the Congress at the moment, but her government got an A-plus rating from the Planning Commission on Saturday over the progress of the projects under Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF).\"It is not only satisfactory, but superb,\" said Planning Commission secretary Sudha Pillai after meeting chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday. Pillai said Bengal was doing better than many other states, such as Maharashtra and Jharkhand in this regard.The 11 identified districts in Bengal are Bankura, Birbhum, Purulia, East and West Midnapore, South 24-Parganas, Murshidabad, Malda, North and South Dinajpur and Jalpaiguri.The Centre had sanctioned Rs 8771 crore for Bengal of which the state has received Rs 2251 crore. The Centre had allotted Rs 707 crore for health, Rs 194.66 crore for education, Rs 837 crore for power, Rs 337 crore for water and sanitation, Rs 43.4 crore for irrigation, Rs 40 crore for rural housing and Rs 89.6 crore for small and micro industries. She praised the state officials for quick submission of utilization certificates.Pillai praised West Midnapore for utilising 65% of the funds under Integrated Action Plan (IAP). It has completed 774 of the 1,272 schemes. The Centre provides fund directly to the DMs of Maoist dominated districts for development of infrastructure. Earlier in 2010, the allotment was Rs 25 crore that has been increased by another Rs 6 crore to Rs 35 crore for each DM.Female education is the major thrust of the state government in these areas. The state government has planned to set up 80 girl's hostels in this zone under the BRGF. While in other parts of the state including Sunderbans there will be 25 more hostels, each with a capacity to accommodate 50 students. Even the state is going to set up 43 compact schools which will house students from class I to XII and will have residential facility. The schools will cost over Rs 10 crore each. In Jangalmahal there will be 23 such schools. Even in each of the 11 backward districts there will be one technical training institute (TTI) and it will cost Rs 5.6 crore for construction of each TTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12311834", "title": "Proceedings against director Bala stayed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court stayed trial proceedings against Tamil film director Bala in a case registered against him on the portrayal of a zamindar character in his recent movie, 'Avan- Ivan'. A complaint was filed against him along with three others by one Muthuraman before the judicial magistrate court, Ambasamudram, Tirunelveli district for defaming the Singampatti zamindar in the movie.A scene from the movie 'Avan-Ivan', written and directed by Bala, depicted a character informing tutorial college students that they would be failed unless they offered money in the Sorimuthu Ayyanar temple hundi. It was further alleged in the complaint that the zamindar character was not portrayed in a dignified manner.Taking on the complaint, the magistrate had issued summons to the director. Hence he filed the present petition in the Madurai bench seeking to quash the case.In his petition, Bala contended that the entire film as well as the characters displayed were imaginary and at no point of time, was anyone's reputation was harmed. Further the film is based in Theni district and not connected with the Tirunelveli district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311810", "title": "Finance minister too adds to cost of train travel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's a double whammy for the Tricity residents travelling by train from Chandigarh to various destinations in upper class.It was not just the rail budget that weighed heavily on the pocket of passengers travelling by AC class but increase of 3.6% service tax announced in Union Budget on Friday is all set to burn holes in their pocket.The finance minister in this Budget included rail travel in the service tax net, proposing to levy 12% service tax on the total ticket. Railway officials, however, stated that with abatements this 12% could substantially bring down the effective tax rate to 3.6%.However, public transport in general travelling by second and sleeper classes have, however, been exempted from the burden of this additional levy and kept in the 'negative list', of services that won't be taxed, railway officials said only first class and air-conditioned coaches would come under the service tax net.Besides the hike of 30 paisa per km for AC in Wednesday's rail budget, passengers has to shell out 3.6% more over and above the higher fare, which is equivalent to Rs 36 on purchase of a ticket worth Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12315640", "title": "Uttarakhand crisis: Congress leaders meet in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leaders, including newly elected Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna and Ghulam Nabi Azad met on Sunday at Sonia Gandhi's residence here to defuse the persisting crisis.Denying any rift between Baghuguna and Harish Rawat, Congress assured that rebel leader Harish Rawat would be given him his due but ruled out changing the chief minister.The name of Rawat's wife Renuka is being considered among a few others for Rajya Sabha nomination for the lone vacant seat from the hill state, AICC general secretary Chaudhary Birender Singh said.He said the names of senior MLA Indira Hridayesh, former MP Mahendra Pal and retiring member Satyavrat Chaturvedi are also being considered for the seat.Replying to questions, Singh made it clear that the high command was not thinking of having any Deputy Chief Minister in the state at present.Fourteen party MLAs, said to be loyal to Harish Rawat who revolted against the appointment of Bahuguna as CM, are yet to take oath.-with inputs from PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312298", "title": "Constable's brother booked for murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A constable's brother has been arrested in a murder case after he allegedly stabbed his friend to death over a dispute of Rs 300. Sachin Gourkhede is learnt to be the brother of a constable from Yashodhara Nagar police station where he is now cooling his heels.Rahul Waghmare had been stabbed to death near the brick kilns in Yashodhara Nagar on Saturday evening. A resident of Yadav Nagar, Waghmare succumbed to his injuries after Gourkhede and his accomplice attacked him with the sharp knives.Police said Gourkhede, nabbed with the help of citizens, had taken a loan of Rs 300 from Waghmare a few months back. Waghmare used to harass Gourkhede often for the repayment.Gourkhede and Waghmare decided to meet each other to settle the issue. The meeting turned bloody as a scuffle started when Satish, Gourkhede's accomplice, stabbed Waghmare in his chest and other places. As Waghmare collapsed, the duo started fleeing but cops nabbed them with the help of the passers-by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312698", "title": "No Rajya Sabha nomination for Athavale, RPI miffed with Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh filed his nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha polls on Saturday, while Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla is likely to do so on Monday.However, dalit leader Ramdas Athavale lodged a strong protest after the Shiv Sena refused to nominate him for the polls. Athavale claimed he was assured of a Rajy Sabha nomination when he joined hands with the saffron combine for the civic polls. \"Athavale has quit all posts in the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance. Prominent dalit leaders will meet Uddhav Thackeray to lodge a protest,\" a dalit leader said.The unexpected entry of Pune developer Sanjay Kakde has made things toughfor theNCP.Party leadersfeltthatif therewereonly six candidates contesting for the six Rajya Sabha seats, the elections would be unopposed. However, after Kakde filed his nomination papers, NCP is unsure of its second seat. So far, the NCP has announced the candidature of former Pune mayor Vandana Chavan and is dithering on the second candidate.Vilasrao's AssetsIn his I-T returns (2011-12 ), Vilasrao Deshmukh has shown Rs 1.62 lakh as his annual income, against Rs 85.83 lakh by his wife Vaishali His has a bank balance of Rs 49.01 lakh, while that of his wife is Rs 90.07 lakh He and his wife have gold worth Rs 2.2 lakh and Rs 43.8 lakh Vaishali has availed loans of Rs 11 lakh and Rs 64.15 lakh from Vilasrao and her son, Dhiraj Vilasrao's immovable assets and land are valued at Rs 1.11 crore Residential property owned by him and Vaishali is valued at Rs 4.43 crore and Rs 65.67 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310444", "title": "RTO staffer tries to stop truck, run over", "text": "NEW DELHI: A speeding truck mowed down a 42-year-old man near the Azadpur vegetable market early Saturday morning. There is still not enough clarity about how the incident occurred, but several theories are doing the rounds.Police believe the victim, Hemraj, tried to stop the truck for routine checking when the driver stepped on the gas in a bid to escape. His family, also claimed he was an honest man and was 'murdered'.\"The truck driven by one Rafiq Ahmed Malik, a resident of Phulwara in Jammu and Kashmir, was heading towards Azadpur from Shakti Nagar when it entered the wrong carriageway. Hemraj was keeping a careful eye on the other end and missed the speeding truck in the process. He was hit and must have died instantly. We rushed him to the Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest).Hemraj, a resident of the Walled City area, was an employee of the regional transport department and had ended his shift around 3.45am. He was planning to go home along with four others when the incident occurred.\"The enforcement wing of the traffic department carries out routine checks. Initially, there was a strong suspicion that Hemraj had tried to stop Rafiq for the same reason. We also suspected that the truck mowed down the official after the latter had demanded a bribe. But we are yet to ascertain anything. We have arrested Rafiq and confiscated the vehicle and also registered a case of death due to rash and negligent driving at the Adarsh Nagar police station. We might impose harsher sections later,\" said an investigating officer.The police said they have noted down the statements of the Hemraj's co-workers. \"We have asked Sultan Singh, an enforcement sub-inspector (the head of the team with which Hemraj worked) for his version as he was the main witness in the case. He told us that they had completed the checking and Hemraj was crossing the road to return to his vehicle when the accident occurred. Based on his evidence, we have arrested the driver,\" said Baaniya.Family members, though, insisted Hemraj was a victim of foul play. \"He was an honest officer. He would never leave his job before the allotted time (2am- 4am). The police are not telling us the complete truth,\" said a relative at the Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital.Questions have also been raised on the working of the Delhi traffic police and the transport department after it emerged that the driver's licence had been confiscated in Sonipat in June last year after he was involved in another accident there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12311015", "title": "\u2018Corrupt judges must face the music\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Corruption exists in the Indian judiciary. A few judges are inappropriately influenced in their decision making. Saying this is A P Shah, former chief justice of the high courts of Madras and Delhi.Shah lived up to his reputation for calling a spade a spade on Saturday, when he delivered a speech on judicial appointments and accountability at a function organized by the Nani Palkhivala Foundation and the Govindh Swaminadhan Trust at the Music Academy .\"Corruption has spread its tentacles and does not seem to be limited to conventional forms of bribery,\" he said. Stating that judges guilty of misconduct should face prosecution, he said judicial independence should not protect a judge from investigation and censure for a valid charge.The country remembers Justice Shah for his orders in the Delhi high court decriminalizing 'unnatural sexual offences' under Section 377 of IPC and ruling that the office of the Chief Justice of India too was amenable to the RTI Act. But, Chennai remembers the no-nonsense jurist for being instrumental in the removal of giant hoardings in the city. Sitting with Justice K Chandru, he quashed the political exemption granted to unauthorised buildings in the city, and it was because of his orders that many public buildings today offer a barrier-free environment to disabled people.On Thursday, Justice Shah spoke on judicial accountability, servility, corruption, judicial independence and the need to usher in a transparent process to select judges.Lamenting the 'democratic deficit' in the way judges are chosen on the basis of undisclosed criteria and circumstances, Justice Shah said: \"The present system of judicial appointments in the constitutional courts exemplifies the misalignment between the core values of judicial independence and accountability.\"He discussed the US and the UK model of appointing judges, but said a hybrid model where a judicial appointment commission short-listing the names, which could be rejected only on specific reasons, was most suitable for India.Slamming the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill 2010, he said involving MPs in the procedure would undermine the judicial independence. \"If implemented in the present form, the Bill would mark the beginning of the end of the judiciary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311595", "title": "Knowledge exchange for better supply chain management", "text": "CHANDIGARH: University Business School, Panjab University, will host a UGC-SAP sponsored national seminar on Global supply chain management: challenges and prospects at PU campus on Monday.Focusing on supply chain management innovation, the event will offer an opportunity to academicians, professionals, industry leaders and students to interact on the challenges in supply chain management in global context.Effective global supply chain management requires innovative thinking and practical application and implementation, said seminar convener Suresh K Chadha. Seminar sessions will include presentations both from executives and academicians.Session topics include supply chain management strategy, talent acquisition and management, collaboration, risk management, and innovation.Each panel session will be led by a moderator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311791", "title": "Gudlar bail order likely on March 22", "text": "PANAJI: The NDPS court is likely to pass order on March 22 on the bail application filed by police sub-inspector Sunil Gudlar, who is arrested by the CBI in connection with the police-drug mafia nexus case. During the hearing of the plea, special public prosecutor advocate Joseph Vaz submitted that there is every likelihood of the applicant tampering with the witnesses and there is also every possibility of him absconding. Advocate Galileo Teles, appearing for Gudlar, pointed out that no case has been made for custodial interrogation of the applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12316059", "title": "Trisha won't work for a week", "text": "Actress Trisha Krishnan will not step put of her house in Chennai, at least not for a week as she has had a bad viral attack.The actress, who is currently in Chennai, is using the time to spend it with family. \"I am down with a really bad viral attack, so completely homebound for a week,\" Trisha informed. She may not be able to step out, but what she is enjoying at home is being pampered by her mother.\"I am getting completely pampered by mum and everyone at home. It's always good to be in Chennai... My love,\" she said. While spending quality time at home, Trisha is also happy to be back with her doggies. \"It feels so good to be back home on my bed with my doggies,\" Trisha said. Trisha will resume work in a week to complete \" Dammu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12311667", "title": "Mysore Zoo gets 8 rare inmates", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo is now home to eight capuchin monkeys brought from Zoo Zlin, Czech Republic . They will be kept for public viewing from Monday.The new inmates are temporarily housed in the birds' enclosure and will be shifted to a new enclosure with all facilities.Four female monkeys are aged between three and 16 while three male are in the age group of two to 16. The Zoo authorities are yet to identify the gender of the one-year-old monkey. They feed on fruits, eggs, insects, nuts and vegetables. The monkeys that include four females had arrived in Chennai via Prague and Dubai on aircraft on March 15. They were brought to Mysore on Saturday by road from there.A team led by Dr H S Prayag had gone to Chennai to receive the monkeys.\"Zoo Zlin authorities were kind enough to move their breeding group of Cebus appella to Mysore Zoo since they have decided to rebuild the primate houses. They had expressed that they get good cooperation from Mysore Zoo and hence they would like to offer this breeding group,\" claimed Zoo executive director B P Ravi. Capuchin monkeys are considered rare and intelligent. Their hair is similar to the cowl or capuche worn by Franciscan monks. These monkeys have a supple and slender body with thin limbs. Its hand is similar to that of humans. The thumbs and big toes of the Capuchin monkey are opposable to the other fingers and toes.They live in low-lying forests and are native to Southern Central America and are found from Costa Rica to Paraguay and Trinidad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311109", "title": "Heritage theft: Accused in judicial custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bhupinder Singh , 25, who was arrested in connection with the thefts of Le Corbusier's and Pierre Jeanneret's designed furniture, was sent to judicial custody on Saturday. Following his arrest on March 11, two godowns in Naya Gaon and Kaimbwala were raided on March 15 and huge cache of furniture was recovered.He disclosed a foreign national visited him twice to buy stolen furniture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12311902", "title": "'Adanis given gas at throwaway than purchase price'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil alleged on Saturday that the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) favoured the Adani Group by selling gas at less than the purchase price.Talking to reporters here, Gohil said, \"GSPC buys gas at spot price and then sells it after adding its own expenditure. No businessman would sell his product which has a huge demand in the market at a price less than the purchase price. But GSPC, at the behest of chief minister Narendra Modi, has granted huge favours to his favourite industrialist Adani by selling GSPC gas at a price less than purchase price.\"He said Adani has been given GSPC gas at a price which is Rs 5.23 to Rs 430.79 per MMBTU (Million Metric British Thermal Unit) less than the purchase price of GSPC, resulting in loss of crores of rupees to the state exchequer and huge profit to Adani.\"The government does not give cheap gas to rickshawalla or to industries, but had favoured the various gas firms to the tune of Rs 509 crore,\" he said.He further said that to hide the issue of corruptions, the government used tactics to delay tabling of the report of the Controller and Auditor General of India. \"The government was acting in an unconstitutional way and preventing the Opposition from raising the issue of corruption,\" Gohil alleged.Gohil said that in March 9, 1970 the speaker had allowed the point of order and had given a ruling that the report of the CAG should be tabled in the beginning of the session. It can be delayed at the most by one week. Since then, he said, every government took care that the report was placed before the house in the beginning of the session. But ever since Chief Minister Narendra Modi has taken over, the report is not tabled it in time. The report is usually tabled on the last day of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310862", "title": "Armed robbers strike DLF V house", "text": "GURGAON: Three armed robbers looted gold, cash and other valuables from a businessman's house in Exclusive Floors in DLF V on early Saturday morning after holding all family members hostage.Police said that when the robbers struck this house around 4.45am, the businessman, Nitin Kumar, and his wife Indrani were not at home. The couple lives in this rented flat with their mother, two kids and a maid.According to sources, three men jumped the wall from the backside of the house and broke open the kitchen door to enter the house. They quickly went to the rooms and rounded up everybody at showing them at knife point. After this they ransacked the house. Police said that they decamped with many tolas of gold, around Rs 1 lakh in cash, a laptop and mobiles.Cops said that on the complaint of Indrani Singh they have lodged an FIR of theft. Investigators said that the robbers beat up one of the kids and slapped Kumar's mother. After the incident the family members were not willing to talk to the media.\"We have still not got details of the exact amount of gold stolen and other items,\" said Amarjeet Kataria, SHO of Sushant Lok police station.After the incident, the family members, especially the elderly mother, are in a state of shock. The incident has once against brought under focus the lack of security in upscale localities like Exclusive Floors which have private security guards posted at all key locations.The security guards did not allow journalists to enter the colony after the incident. A guard said that their boss had barred them from talking to anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ramanagaram", "code": "12310773", "title": "Boy gets balloon to class, caned", "text": "RAMANAGARAM: A 10-year-old-boy who brought a balloon to class was allegedly thrashed by the school principal on Friday.The following day, the boy's father and his friends descended on the school and assaulted the principal. A compromise formula fell through when Akash's parents spoke about the incident in a TV interview.When Akash Suresh, a class 4 student of Bethany International Public School, Ramanagaram, boarded the school van, his classmates demanded the balloon he had with him. Akash refused. While getting off the vehicle, a girl threatened to complain to the principal. At around 2.30pm, principal Rita Manu walked into the class and scolded the boy. She ordered him to stay back after school hours.At 3.30pm, the principal returned to Akash's class and took him to her chamber. \"She locked him up and beat him black and blue, leaving marks on his lower back. This went on for two hours. All the while, the door was locked.'' Akash's mother Girija told STOI, tears welling in her eyes.The principal then called the child's father, businessman Suresh Kumar . \"The principal told us, I have locked up your son because he is too mischievous; come and pick him up. Not once did she say what his fault was,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12319883", "title": "Exam cancel at Lohardaga ST school irks students", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Brajkishore Kherwar pedalled a distance of 45 km with his son, who was to take the entrance test for seeking admission to the Schedule Tribe Residential School at Peshrar block. Understanding the value of education in life, Kherwar, a resident of Sarangdih, a village situated on Latehar border, reached an hour before the scheduled time only to find that the examination had been cancelled.Over 50 other students with their guardians had also reached Kisko and Lohardaga schools, walking down the tough hilly terrains or cycling. Five minutes ahead of the scheduled time, an assistant teacher Uday Nath Oraon informed that the examination has been cancelled. This sudden cancellation not only disappointed the students but also their parents.Even teachers of the residential school were not present and Oraon also came at the last moment on his motorcycle only to announce the cancellation, saying he too was informed on Sunday morning.District welfare officer SK Verma said, \"The cancellation notice was published in newspapers on Saturday by his department.\" He, however, failed to give any detail.The office staff also said that headmasters of all the five schools, including the one exclusively for girls, were informed of the cancellation of examination soon after they received a phone call and e-mail from the secretary and deputy director of their department from Ranchi on Saturday at 5:40 pm.\"As per the district officials they were not aware of the locations of the schools, which were the examination centres. Hence they cancelled it at the eleventh hour,\" said Peshrar village mukhiya Bharat Kisan, who was convened by the villagers seeing delay in the exams.The department runs five schools in Lohardaga town (for girls only), i.e. at Brahmindiha village of Sadar block, Kisko block and Tuimupath and Peshrar villages of Peshrar. Peshrar was upgraded as a block about two years back. It was in this village where the then Lohardaga SP Ajay Kumar Singh was killed in a Naxalite attack on October 4, 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311781", "title": "Senate unitedly opposes fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the prominent issues discussed in the Nagpur University Senate meeting on Saturday was the exorbitant fee hike in the examination fee. The first full-fledged Senate meeting after two years was rocked by a host of issues, especially plaguing the students.The fee hike issue was reported in detail by TOI on Friday. In fact, SQ Zama, nominated member from Maharashtra's Legislative Council, also cited the TOI report titled 'Students bodies protests 'exorbitant' fee hike by NU' in the Senate, to the administration led by Vilas Sapkal, pointing out that students were unhappy over the issue.He urged NU bosses to take urgent steps on rolling back the fees. All the members, cutting across political groups, displayed a rare unity in demanding immediate solution on the issue. They cornered the reluctant administration, that was trying to push the issue to corner and forced them to declare that they would review the hike.On a query by Kalpana Jadhav, the members strongly flayed the administration for meting out injustice to the students by doubling the fees in last five years. Terming the administration as 'confused', the members asked NU to justify the hike. They claimed that NU failed to provide even basic facilities at the exam centres and was responsible for poor quality of paper evaluation.Rajesh Bhoyar pointed out the contradictions in answers to exam queries provided by NU. He accused the administration of flouting rules by not following the due procedure of hiking fees and without taking state government's consent. He then demanded to repel the decision of cumulative hike every year.While Sameer Kane pointed out as to how poor students were suffering, Mahendra Nimbarte asked the top brass to inform the House on how much income had been generated from the exam fee and expenditure on it. Following this, the administration went into a quandary and working was halted for about 20 minutes. All the top officials including registrar Mahesh Yenkie and Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) Puran Meshram were seen searching for documents for answers.Mohan Bajpayee and Ritesh Ganar reminded VC of his assurance to reduce the fees in the House last year. The FAO tried to defend the hike stating that there was demand from the teachers itself to hike their remuneration for evaluating answer-sheets and therefore they had to take the hard decision. He said that fee hike was not carried out for six years before Management Council took a decision on April 17, 2007. Finally buckling under the pressure, the VC assured the members that MC had constituted a panel to review the hike and only after its recommendations, they will take any decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12312805", "title": "Lalu\u2019s daughter to tie knot with Haryana power minister\u2019s son in April", "text": "GURGAON: Former Bihar CM Lalu Prasad's daughter Anushka will marry Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav's son Chiranjeev Rao in April. The ceremonies will be held in Rewari (Haryana) and in the national Capital.\"It's an arranged marriage. A former personal security officer of Laluji who is posted in Haryana came up with the match, and we all agreed to it,\" Ajay Singh said. Anushka is an interior designer, while Chiranjeev is the president of Haryana Pradesh Youth Congress.Both Yadav leaders were in Gurgaon on Saturday to attend a cricket match between Haryana CM-XI and MPs-XI in memory of former Bhiwani MP Surender Singh. MPs-XI, captained by Sashi Tharoor , won the 20-over tie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12310790", "title": "Infant\u2019s body found in dustbin in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The body of a one-month-old baby girl was recovered from a dustbin in Sector 22 on Saturday. Although the infant's body bore no injury marks, foul play cannot be ruled out in the incident, said cops. The body has been sent for an autopsy and police are on the lookout for the baby's mother.The incident came to light when a safai karamchari of the Authority was cleaning the area near Sector 22 early on Saturday morning. Suddenly, he spotted a tiny human hand in the waste dump situated near the inter college. The Authority staffer alerted the police, who rushed to the spot and sent the body for post mortem. Police said the body must have been dumped sometime in the night. Prima facie, it appears as if someone dumped the body after the baby's death, cops said.Cops have been questioning staff of the hospitals located in the vicinity and residents of nearby apartments, but to no avail. \"Garbage is collected from the place every day, so the infant's body could have been dumped there any time after the waste was collected on Friday,\" a police official said.\"A probe is on. We will question more residents to find out if they saw something/someone suspicious,\" said a cop.Shocked by the incident, residents have demanded an investigation into the matter. \"Such incidents are a blot on the society,\" said a resident in disgust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312181", "title": "Salt fouls speed", "text": "You hear them before you see them, the cars that Larry Volk and his fellow speed freaks race over the Bonneville Salt Flats in western Utah. After a while, they become dots on the horizon; then, pretty soon, noisy blurs that cover a mile of track in as little as ten seconds.This famous patch of desert, wide, perfectly flat, and covered by a smooth layer of white salt, has been part of motor racing history since the 1930s, when Sir Malcolm Campbell appeared on the scene, with his leather hat, Biggles goggles and famous car Blue Bird . On his first visit here, he became the first man to drive a vehicle at more than 300mph.Today, the Bonneville Salt Flats remain home to world-famous annual \"hot-rodding \" championships. Volk visits three times a year to race his pride and joy, a 1929 Ford roadster fitted with a 1200 horsepower Chevrolet engine. \"It's hard work,\" he says. \"Some days, holding the steering wheel is like going to a hula dance; but what a thrill!\"Thrills can be fleeting, though. And in recent years, Larry Volk and his peers have been faced with a nagging problem: though huge, vibrant crowds still travel from across the world to watch them race, there are growing fears for the future of these octane-fuelled high-speed sporting events.To see why, you only have to walk across the flats. Every now and then, beneath the photogenic white surface, a patch of dirty brown will appear.This is mud. And its appearance illustrates a sad fact: in recent years, the smooth, fast salt cover which is so essential to the business of setting land speed records has begun to disappear. \"We started noticing the deterioration in the 1960s,\" says Volk, who first came to the flats, about two hours west of Salt Lake City, in 1958.\"Back in the day, the salt used to be two feet thick. Over the years, we noticed it starting to get thinner and buckling. In places now, it's only around half an inch thick.\"That's thick enough to race on, but only just. Sometimes, in recent summers when the racing season comes around, the hotrodding community has struggled to find the necessary seven-mile stretch of unblemished salt on which to build their temporary track, known as the Bonneville Speedway. The flats, originally 90,000 acres, are now a mere 30,000.The blame, the racers say, lies with potash. Or more specifically, a potash mine run by a company called Reilly, which sits a few miles south of their sporting playground, on the far side of Interstate 80 which connects Utah with Nevada . The mine uses a series of canals and pipelines to collect salt brine off the flats in the rainy winter season. Then, when summer comes around and the water evaporates, they process the remaining minerals to remove the potash, which is mostly used in fertilisers.Over the years, the process has taken a heavy toll on the unique geological formation of the salt flats. Since 1963, when the mine was started, Bonneville has lost more than 55 million tonnes of salt, and about a million tonnes are still being extracted each year. As a result, geologists estimate that 18 inches of salt crust have completely vanished.\"When you remove brine from the flats in winter, you are draining off water with dissolved salt and minerals that would naturally be used for replenishment,\" explains Kenneth Kipp of the US Geological Survey , who has studied the disappearing salt. \"That, naturally, affects the whole basin. The average decrease in the thickness of the salt over the entire area is in the order of 1 per cent per year. Over time, that sort of loss can of course add up.\"Reilly produces about 100,000 tonnes of potash a year, worth about $50m (\u00a331m). In order to protect that income, it has in recent winters begun voluntarily pumping thousands of gallons of leftover brine back on to the speedway section of the flats.Larry and his fellow hot-rodders are convinced that this replenishment operation works, and will over time reverse the decline of the flats and protect a unique environment which, eighty years after Malcolm Campbell, remains essential to the business of setting land speed records.There is, however, one big problem: it is currently being done by Reilly on a purely voluntary basis. Since mines and mining companies can often change hands, the racing community says it needs to be mandatory. They have formed a lobby group, the Save Our Salt Coalition, which is seeking a change in the law that will require all future operators to pump back the processed salt they have removed.On paper, it's common sense. But in practice, things have proved complex. Like much of the rural West, the Bonneville Salt Flats are run by the US government's Bureau of Land Management (BLM). And the wheels of officialdom turn painfully slowly . \"We told the Bureau about this problem 20 years ago,\" says Volk. \"Since then, all they've said is that they're 'working on it' .\"There have been studies, and committee meetings, and endless delays because of staff changes and budget cuts. \"Only when we bring in lawyers and threaten legal action do they ever seem to make any kind of progress.\"Last summer, Larry Volk and his peers were told to expect a final decision from the BLM on their compulsory pumping plan. But the summer came and went, and no decision was announced.Courtesy- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12319871", "title": "Compensation for families of 3 Rabha youths killed last year", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Rabha Students Union (Arsu) applauded the Assam government for providing financial assistance to the families of its three student activists, who were killed by miscreants when they were returning from the relief camps of Garo-Rabha clash victims last year in Goalpara. However, they also urged the state government to institute a thorough enquiry to apprehend the culprits involved.The Kamrup (Rural) district administration handed over a cheque of Rs 3 lakh to the families of Ishwar Rabha, Jayanta Rabha and Mohan Rabha on Friday but the family members of Sagar Pawan, who has been missing since the incident, is yet to get financial assistance from the government.Four members of Arsu were attacked by members of a minority community when they had gone to distribute relief materials to the Garo-Rabha clash victims on January 9 last year at Paikan near Krishnai in Goalpara. Ishwar Rabha (26), Jayanta Rabha (16), Mohan Rabha (28) and Sagar Paban (29) alias Upen Rabha were returning to Loharghat in South Kamrup when they were attacked. While the bodies of three of the youths were dug out from lower Khermohora area on January 26 last year, there has been no news of the whereabouts of budding singer Sagar Paban for more than a year now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312474", "title": "Bhayyaji Joshi re-elected as Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh No. 2", "text": "NAGPUR: On the penultimate day of the three-day convention of its highest body Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) on Saturday unanimously re-elected Suresh alias Bhayyaji Joshi as its general secretary. Also, BJP representative Ramlal presented a report on his party's performance in recent elections to five states.Joshi (69), who completed his term of three years in the second most important post in the RSS, presented the annual report before the Pratinidhi Sabha and sought to bow down from the post. However, his name was proposed by Bajranglal Gupta, a senior RSS pracharak from north India, while the southern India head of the organization, A R Mohanan seconded it, paving way for his unanimous election for another term of three years. Joshi hails from Indore and has been working as a full-time pracharak since 1975.Briefing reporters, senior functionary Bhagwati Prakash said during the last two days, the Sabha passed resolutions on several burning issues including the one against privatization of drinking water distribution by civic bodies. The pratinidhi sabha also expressed concern over the upsurge of popular movements in different parts in the country on language, land rights, interstate water-sharing and conflicts between different groups of tribes, castes and religions and appealed to the government and the people to handle such movements with utmost sensitivity.\"The government should accord top priority to unity and integrity of the society while handling such issues,\" a formal resolution in this regard stated. It blamed the political and social parties for exploiting of such public sentiments for political advantage affecting the national unity. Yet another resolution rejected the move to provide 4.5% reservations for Muslims and said that this was against the Constitution which bars any quota on the basis of religious identity.While Sangh functionaries dismissed the report presented by Ramlal of the BJP as a routine affair, political observers attached importance to it since it may have a bearing on extending Nitin Gadkari's term as party president for another term when it ends in December. No political decisions are ever taken at the Pratinidhi Sabha, a Sangh insider pointed out, adding that reports of functioning are read out by all 35 organizations affiliated to the RSS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12311316", "title": "3 ministers, 6 MLAs served notices for not submitting election expenditure details", "text": "JALANDHAR: Notices have been issued by district electoral officer to all the nine MLAs of the district, including three ministers, after they failed to submit details of election expenses even as the election process was over on March 6.A total of 80 candidates contested the election for nine seats of the district, but none submitted the details of expenses, though voting took place on January 30 and practically all the election-related activity was over, except the celebrations on March 6, when the results were announced, sources said.The ministers who have been served notices include Bhagat Chuni Lal, Ajit Singh Kohar and Sarwan Singh Phillaur. Meanwhile, official sources said that the candidates had time till April 4 but were issued notices so as to remind them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310673", "title": "Amid slowdown, India ramps up aid for neighbours", "text": "NEW DELHI: A difficult economic situation notwithstanding, India will be stepping up its assistance programme to its neighbouring countries in the coming fiscal.The biggest chunk of India's assistance programme is reserved for Afghanistan, Myanmar and Bhutan that are provided for in the 12th five-year Plan. But under the non-plan head, Bhutan takes the largest chunk with a combined loan-grant amount of Rs 1,500 crore. Bhutan has traditionally been the largest recipient of Indian aid, with massive hydro-electric projects being covered in the Plan expenditure.Afghanistan and Myanmar are big recipients, both strategically vital for India's security and economic interests. India has invested heavily in infrastructure projects in Afghanistan, including roads, parliament buildings and capacity building for the Afghans in various fields. India also runs the biggest children's hospital in Kabul .However, recently, India won the Hajigak iron ore mines that will necessitate building several roads connecting the mines to border points. A new component of India's aid package to Afghanistan is in the security sector. As a result of the strategic partnership agreement with Afghanistan last year, India is committed to training and equipping Afghan national security forces. This will include training programmes, to be mainly held in India.New Delhi is building a multi-modal transport system in Myanmar that could also serve to improve trade with the country that India now regards as the gateway to south-east Asia .Other countries that will continue to receive Indian aid this fiscal is Sri Lanka , where India has invested in rehabilitation and rebuilding programmes in the north, railway lines and oil terminals as well as building houses for the internally displaced persons from the Tamil regions. Bangladesh also takes a sizeable chunk of Rs 250 crore after the PM announced a $1-billion credit line for the country in 2010.Bafflingly, the government spends a minuscule amount for \"energy security\" in the MEA, but it's so small that it's unclear what this would be used for. Equally strangely, Mongolia gets Rs 2 crore this year from India, but the reason for that remains unclear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312657", "title": "Upset Jayalalithaa writes to PM on dam safety bill", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday accused the standing committee on water resources and the Union ministry of water resources of not considering the state's objection to the subclauses of draft Dam Safety Bill, 2010 and urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to intervene so that the interests of Tamil Nadu are fully protected.In a letter to the PM, the chief minister said her government's apprehensions were genuine and if they were not addressed, it would amount to taking away control over the maintenance of the Mullaperiyar dam from the state which owns the dam, consequently, affecting hundreds of farmers and agriculture production.\"I had mentioned (in the previous letter) in unequivocal terms the objection of my government to sub-clauses 26 (1), (2), (3) and (4) and clause 13 of the draft bill, which would be detrimental to the interests of Tamil Nadu. I am told that the standing committee and the ministry has not considered the objection,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312252", "title": "Cloth merchants, jewellers down shutters against value added tax", "text": "INDORE: Cloth market in Indore and elsewhere in the state along with jewellers observed a bandh on Saturday to protest the imposition of 5% value added tax (VAT) on clothes by the Madhya Pradesh government. The jewelers were protesting the budget proposals to bring unbranded precious jewellery under the excise duty net and raise customs duty on gold bars and coins.Garmet retailers and wholesalers elsewhere in the state also joined the bandh. The president of the Indore Retail Cloth Merchants' Association Dhanraj Wadhwani said the bandh was total and all the shopkeepers downed their shutters in protest against VAT imposition. \"We will wait for another 2-3 days before deciding future course of action.\" The bandh is also getting support from readymade garment traders\", he claimed.Traders feel the government's decision will make garments dearer by 8-10% apart from the VAT of 5% price factor will hit the trade hard.Some of the areas affected by the bandh in Indore include Rajwada, MG Road and others. Nearly 3,000 retail cloth shops downed shutters in the city.Traders said the bandh on Saturday was symbolic and they would intensify the stir in case the government fails to pay heed to their demand.\"The bandh was total affecting garment retail and wholesale business in the city,\" Association spokesman Hansraj Jain said.He said traders want immediate rollback of the VAT decision as it will adversely affect the garment industry in the state.The Government has proposed to levy 5 per cent VAT on garments, sugar and power from April 1. The strike was supported by MP Cloth Business Association, Readymade Garment Business Community and Indore Cloth Market Market Merchant Association.Members of various cloth associations took out a protest rally and staged a 'dharna' at Mahaveer Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12319540", "title": "Sri Sri Ravi Shankar to bless UP CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has a lot of hopes from UP's newly appointed chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Addressing a press conference here on Sunday evening the leader said, \"He can do a lot for UP by working without any pressure.\" In Lucknow, as a part of his campaign against corruption and a mission to build violence free and stress free society, he said that the first thing UP needs to give a better life to its people is generate job. \"Training the work force is essential,\" he said. The founder of the art of living is ready to share his experience with Team Akhilesh if need be. \"I have been to rural areas of UP and found that the people are leading a miserable life. But they all are positive, warm and welcoming. Given a right direction, their inner strength would make UP shine,\" he said.He informed that he would be meeting Akhilesh on Monday. Asked to comment on what was the purpose of the meeting, he said, \"It is our culture to go and bless the one who is responsible for the state.\"About his visit to UP, he said, \"I am here to spread the message against corruption. I believe that system alone cannot eliminate the wrongs in society. It is only through sensitive and enlightened people that we can bring change.\" It may be noted that Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has held discourses in eight districts of UP. After Lucknow he would proceed to Amethi and Rae Bareli. Interestingly, prior to elections, he was to address at a discourse in Amethi but the event was cancelled. It was also alleged that the programme was cancelled at the instigation of some congress workers. When asked to comment on 'if he was going there to prove a point', he said, \"cancellation of the programme was unfortunate and a lot of devotees were disappointed. At that time, I had promised to come back. Requests kept pouring in reminding me of the promise so I am going there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312186", "title": "City spiritual counsellor uses films to spread her study", "text": "NAGPUR: Adding a different hue to the ongoing International Film Festival in the city, are two documentaries, 'A Tale of the Jain Saint' and 'Kavya Ka Karishma', both made by Manju Jain, a city based counsellor and spiritual healer.The two films, a documentary and an animation have been made with the objective of introducing the audience to the spiritual heritage of India and also how it can also be a means of healing.An MBA and a Company Secretary by profession, Jain is actively pursuing the cause for social good. Deeply religious, Manju has studied the scriptures to cull out what could be of immense social use and is now disseminating the information through these two short films. \"I had been watching the lives of the Jain monks for years and realized that the general public describes a Jain monk as someone who does not even adorn clothes. What they miss out on is how much hardships they endure. They walk for miles together in a day and survive only on one meal had at ten in the morning.\"The film, made in February 2010, was first shown at the International Art Festival hosted by Nagpur University. Jain says that she wants this film to be shown at Cannes and participation at the festival being organized by Nirzar is a step in that direction.Manju has also delved deep in the scriptures and says that the 48 Bhaktambar shlokas written by Acharya Manntunga Charya 600 years back hold the cure for many physical diseases. Made in animation format the film depicts all shlokas and also their curative value. \"It is not traditional animation. We shot it at the Jain International School in Nagpur and later using a technology called green curtain it was turned into animation format. Sarika Pendse and her husband Sanjay acted in the film.\"It was a German professor who had first translated these shlokas from Sanskrit to German in 1875. Jain says that she took up this task and got a translation done in French. The film was made in 2011. \"I want to make 48 films dedicated to each shloka and want it to be shown on Pogo and Disney channels. If they can make films on Bhim and Ram, which are very popular, then I am hopeful that this too would click. My aim is to inform the children about the healing powers of these shlokas,\" she says.Schedule for 18th MarchThird Person Singular Number: (Bengali) 10:00amCast: Mosharrof Karim, Nusrat ImroseBallad of a Soldier: (Russian) 12:30pmCast: Vladimir Ivashov, Zhanna ProkhorenkoLove Like Poison: (French) 3:00pmCast: Clara Augarde, LioAngshumner Chhobi: (Bengali) 5.30pmCast: Soumitro Chatterjee, Indrani HalderThe Orange Girl: (Norwegian) 9:00pmCast: Mikkel Bratt Silset, Harald RosenstromAll shows at Smruti theatre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311709", "title": "Is there a threat to Old Goa heritage sites due to the Regional Plan 2021?", "text": "The regional plan should accommodate Old Goa, which is a heritage site and a holy place. As of now there are so many violations taking place within the world heritage site itself. The 200/300m buffer zone should be respected. The ASI does not have the teeth to keep these violations under control as construction activity is rampant in the area. The provisions of the plan leave much to be desired.Prajal Sakhardande Heritage activist, PanajiYes, the RP 2021 is a big threat to the heritage sites in Old Goa as there seems to be no provision for their safety and conservation. There also seems to be a threat due to the nexus existing between the builder and the politician. So, in my opinion the existing RP2021 should be scrapped totally or there should be drastic changes made to it.Fr Savio Barreto Rector of Bom Jesus Basilica, Old GoaThreats to the Old Goa sites will become a reality if RP 2021 is passed without the necessary changes being made. Limiting constructions or development within the 300m area will ensure that these sites are not only protected but will also allow future findings or excavations of archaeological and historical importance. It would be better if the site is in the hands of the ASI than that of builders or developers.Victor Hugo Gomes Curator, Goa Chitra Museum, BenaulimThe regional plan will pose a threat if it is allowed to go through. The authorities need to do a proper study to ensure that these heritage sites are preserved. The plan needs to be revised.Aura Gomes House wife, Corlim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12320147", "title": "This farmer's son rides to exam centre on horseback", "text": "RAJKOT: Chirag Patel, a class XII commerce student, has found a unique solution to his problem. He rides a horse to his examination centre in Amreli town from Amba village in Liliya taluka of Amreli district.\"I would have to spend at least 1 and half hours in travel had I taken a bus from my village to the examination centre. Besides, there is no guarantee that I would get the bus. However, it takes me only 45 minutes to reach the centre on horse back through the agricultural fields,\" Chirag said.\"Chirag is an ardent horse lover and rider. When he decided to ride to the examination centre, we welcomed his decision. This is his way of creating awareness about a non-polluting mode of travel,\" said his cousin Deepak Patel.\"I have given my horse to Chirag. He takes good care of the animal and loves to ride. His exam is of a three-hour duration and begins at 3 pm. Once the exam is over he rides home in style,\" Deepak added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312576", "title": "Teen burgles relative\u2019s house with boyfriend, held", "text": "An 18-year-old girl allegedly teamed up with her boyfriend to burgle the residence of a relative of ornaments and cash worth Rs 7 lakh in Malad (E).Meenu Shaikh was arrested by the Kurar police along with Mohammad Rizwan Ansari on Saturday while they were trying to flee to Delhi with the loot.The complainant, Sheetal Dutta, is a make-up artist at Film City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "12312715", "title": "Four of family injured in Faridabad blaze", "text": "FARIDABAD: Four members of a family were burnt in a house fire in Faridabad on Saturday.According to sources, the fire broke out in their SGM Nagar residence after a moped fell on a stove. The victims, Vimlesh (19), Khoobia Devi (60), Kailash (23) and Anita (16) were rushed to a government hospital. However, there is little improvement in their condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311580", "title": "Allahabad MLAs fail to find place in Samajwadi Party cabinet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Akhilesh Yadav ministry has left the city disappointed with none of the eight elected MLAs of the Samajwadi Party getting a place. On the contrary, from the neighbouring Pratapgarh, where SP could bag only three out of seven seats, two winners have been given the cabinet berths. Political analysts have raised the question if Allahabad is being forced to play second fiddle to smaller districts despite giving impressive results to the ruling party.Reacting to the development, Bharatiya Janata Party leader Yogesh Shukla said: \"In 2007 election, Bahujan Samaj Party had bagged eight out of the 11 assembly seats in the district. In appreciation of this, the BSP leadership had reciprocated by appointing two winners as cabinet ministers. Similarly, a senior Congress leader who had also switched over to the BSP at that time was also appointed the chairman of a government corporation holding the rank of minister of state.\"Further, Shukla said, \"Any party irrespective of its ideology has always given Allahabad its due recognition. But this is perhaps for the first time that the city is receiving a step-motherly treatment from any party.\"UPCC spokesperson Jawed Urfi said: \"This has never happened in the history of any previous government in the state that a city like Allahabad has been treated with such indignity on the political platform. How can the SP ignore the city where people voted overwhelmingly in favour of its candidates.\"Taking a dig at SP decision of inducting two cabinet ministers from neighbouring Pratapgarh, Congress leader said, \"The political credentials of both have always remained under the scanner. While one is well known for his strong arm tactics, the other is a habitual turncoat who changes parties with the turn of tide on every occasion.\"Stating that the party has very little options left to accommodate leaders from the city in the remaining 15 berths in the ministry since winning candidates from 41 out of 75 districts in the state have remained unrepresented in the ministry, BSP spokesperson Mohurrum Ali said: \"The composition of the ministry reflects the fact that only khati (orthdox) leaders have been appointed as ministers and the party has failed to include leaders from all sections of society. This defeats the principle of Sarvajan Hitaya (welfare of all) and drives home the point that SP government would continue to tread the same old path in the coming days.\"However, sounding optimist despite no clear cut assurance from the top leadership, district president of Samajwadi Party Pandhari Yadav said, \"We are hopeful that party would definitely give Allahabad due weightage in the next cabinet expansion respecting the aspiration and sentiments of local voters who have reposed faith in the Samajwadi Party.\"Political analysts have raised the question if Allahabad is being forced to play second fiddle to smaller districts despite giving impressive results to the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "12311556", "title": "From barren to lush garden", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Residents of Focal Point area no longer drive to the Rose Garden for a break from the days work, some fresh air and the refreshing sight of spring flowers. They have developed their own park - Ashok Vatika - with lush green grass and flower beds full of vibrant blooms in the middle of all the industrial units.To the credit of residents, who have turned a barren piece of land into a beauty full of ice plant flowers, even passersby stop at the garden for a glance. Colonel (retired) Jawandha, who is heading the park management committee responsible for the park's maintenance, is happy they have been able to make a difference.''The committee was developed around three years ago and since then we have been caring for the park. These days people from adjoining colonies too spend time in the park because of these flowers. Earlier stray dogs used to enter the garden and spoil it so we also installed grills all around,'' he said.For residents, it is the best thing that has happened in their area. ''I visit the park every day and spend several hours. It gives me a lot of peace when I sit among the tiny ice plant flowers,'' said K K Gumber, a retired officer. Businessman G S Sethi said if the park had not been developed they would have no place to relax and take a breather since there are industrial units all around. ''These days flowers are in full bloom and at least for another 15 days it would be a very beautiful sight,'' he said.Nisha, a homemaker, said she visits the park every evening for jogging and feels so refreshed that she does not feel like returning home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311072", "title": "Coal India Limited occupied land rate increased to Rs 5 lakh per acre", "text": "NAGPUR: Farmers whose land is acquired by Coal India Limited (CIL) and its subsidiaries in the state will get a compensation of Rs 5 lakh per acre from 2012-13 onwards.Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir told the media on Saturday that the compensation was Rs 1 lakh per acre in 2010-11. \"After lot of efforts I got it increased to Rs 2 lakh and now it has become Rs 5 lakh,\" he said.The policy will be applicable for those farmers who have not collected their compensation in acquisition cases from 2000 onwards. He claimed that there were around 10,000 families, which will benefit from the decision. \"I will try to persuade the government to increase the compensation of those farmers who had taken the compensation during this period. Development should not come at the cost of farmers,\" he said.The BJP leader charged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan with meting out injustice to the farmers of Vidarbha. \"Chhattisgarh government has decided the rate of acquisition of land for coal mines. There are three category: fallow, non-irrigated and irrigated. I have been urging Chavan to formulate a similar policy in Maharashtra. But, he says that if such a policy was announced for mines then same would apply to irrigation and other projects. I contended that there was no harm if that was done as farmers should get adequate compensation,\" he said.\"A few weeks ago some Congress MPs and even the state rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam supported by contention but the CM refused,\" Ahir rued.The MP further said that central government had sent him a communication stating that National Disaster Management Training Centre will be started in Nagpur and the project was in initial stages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312224", "title": "My name is Sandhu", "text": "Everybody was surprised when, in 1977, the house of Rajshris, known for producing gentle love stories and gentler family dramas, decided to make Agent Vinod. Trade pundits were further taken aback when they heard that the film's hero was Mahender Sandhu. For the actor, famous for keeping his shirt unbuttoned and flaunting a hairy chest, had a cache of flops under his belt.But the industry overlooked something that Rajshri boss Tarachand Barjatya had spotted. Sandhu recalls that Barjatya had seen one of his flops, Khoon Ki Keemat, and was impressed with his double-role . \"The Rajshris offered me Alibaba and Zorro but I refused those scripts. They were offended but still offered me Agent Vinod. I took the script home, read it in two hours and agreed to do the film,\" he says.Even as a Pune Film Institute student, the tall and rugged actor from Patiala had generated a buzz. \"Directors would come and enquire about me in the campus,\" he remembers. But his debut flick, Khoon Khoon (inspired by Clint Eastwood's Dirty Harry) went awry. His next film, Madhosh, made by Aamir Khan's father Tahir Hussain, flopped too. Agent Vinod was his last chance saloon.A desi Bond who fires bullets and recites shers (Urdu couplets) with equal alacrity, director Deepak Bahry's Agent Vinod was non-stop fun. And it became the biggest hit of Sandhu's career. \"It ran for more than 40 weeks in Bangalore, notched up a silver jubilee in Surat and ran to packed houses in Punjab,\" says the actor who comes from a family of big landowners.Despite the hit that Rajshris produced under the banner of Sargam Pictures, Sandhu was consigned to a bunch of B-grade ventures such as Guru Ho Ja Shuru and Khoon Ki Takkar. \"I had a huge ego and never socialized or asked anybody for work. In hindsight , I admit, it hurt my career.\" Now 65, Sandhu has no regrets, though. \"I am doing fine in the real estate business. I bought land in Boisar, about 90 minutes from Mumbai airport. Now we are building weekend homes there.\" He was approached for a cameo in the new Agent Vinod. \"But it didn't work out,\" he says. However, there's a dialogue in the forthcoming film that's somewhat of a tribute to him . \"What's your name,\" the Pakistani army officer asks Saif Ali Khan who is playing the new Agent Vinod. He replies, \" Mahender Sandhu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12311502", "title": "Precious water goes waste, but authorities fail to act", "text": "PUNE: The city is suffering 20% water cuts every day, but the irrigation department, on Saturday, expressed its helplessness in stopping an overflowing canal which has inundated the premises of a housing society on Sinhagad Road.Members of the Mangalmurti co-operative housing society on Saturday complained to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the irrigation department about waste of water from a canal which runs parallel to their society and carries water from Khadakwasla to Pune city.Pune gets its drinking water from the Khadakwasla reservoir through a closed pipeline. In addition, it lifts water from the Mutha right bank canal which is purified at the Parvati water works and then given to the city.\"Every time water is released with more pressure it overflows and enters the premises and then flows to the road. Also there are a few leakages in the canal. Water was overflowing since Friday. So we contacted the irrigation department and the PMC,\" said S V Samdekar, secretary of the Mangalmurti society.\"Though the water does not cause any serious problem to us, we are concerned about the waste because the city is getting less water,\" said a society member.Interestingly, the PMC was in dark about the waste till Saturday evening. PMC water department chief V G Kulkarni came to know about it only after reporters contacted him. \"We will see what is the matter,\" he told the reporters.However, Shivaji Bolbhat, executive engineer, irrigation department (Khadakwasla division) said, \" We are not in a position to repair the canal immediately as we have to stop the flow of water first. This means the supply will be affected and more water will be wasted. To repair leakages we need to wait for some time.\"Last month, the PMC had effected a 20% cut citing less availability of water in the four reservoirs that supply water to the city. Pune uses 1.25 TMC water on an average every month. The city had faced about 50% water cuts in 2009 while 10 to 15% cuts were imposed in 2010 following less rainfall. The monsoon was not adequate last year too, but unseasonal rain in the latter part of the year ensured a good supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12319977", "title": "BIT student's death: Legal action against alleged doctor demanded", "text": "RANCHI: Students of Birla Institute of Technlogy (BIT) Mesra have stepped up their protest demanding a case against the doctor who had reportedly administered medicine to Arun Kumar, a third-year student, who died on Saturday.\"We want the doctor and paramedical staff of the dispensary be prosecuted according to law because a student lost his life because of his negligence,\" said a student of the institute who had come at the forensic department of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) to have the last glimpse of his departed friend on Sunday. \"We are not going to listen to any excuse and will continue the agitation till the institute takes action against the doctor and the staff. We have kept the medicine log book of the dispensary to show changes were made to save the doctor,\" the student added.The students have also decided not to go to institute's dispensary for treatment till the management appoints good doctors and ensures availability of medicines. \"At present, the dispensary lacks even basic medicines,\" alleged a student.Sunit Kumar, the officer in charge of BIT Mesra police outpost, said police had registered a case of unnatural death and were waiting for postmortem report for further action. \"The students had come with a complaint to register a case but we will take further action after we get the autopsy report,\" said the officer.The body of deceased student was handed over to his parents, who had come from Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312766", "title": "Unions back Trivedi, plead to PM to save Railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway unions that are backing minister Dinesh Trivedi said they do not want the railways \"to go the Air India way\". They plan to write to the PM urging him to ensure that the railways don't become a collateral victim of stressful coalition politics.The drama over Trivedi's resignation touched new levels of absurdity when the minister argued there was \"no confusion\" about his status as Trinamool leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay had said in Lok Sabha that his resignation has not been sought. It was strange considering that it's common knowledge that his party wants him to go. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said as much in Lok Sabha on Thursday in Trivedi's presence.In any case, Trivedi is unlikely to continue in Rail Bhavan irrespective of whether Congress's alliance with Trinamool survives.For the moment, though, Congress has no plans to snap ties with Mamata: a decision that has been publicly amplified by both PM and Pranab Mukherjee. Mamata has already made it clear that \"Mukul Roy will be our candidate for the railway minister.\"As it is, Trivedi's presence on the front bench during Mukherjee's budget speech on Friday and the quick pats on the back he received from some Congress ministers only served to deepen the puzzle over just why the railway minister was continuing in officeIf Congress had sought time till the Budget was presented, the lack of action on Saturday only spurred speculation.While Trivedi's exit from the Cabinet is a certainty, the timing may finalized by the Congress leadership over he weekend. One section of Congress is keen that the vote over the president's address be concluded before removing Trivedi so that it becomes clear that Trinamool has not supported opposition amendments on the national counter-terrorism centre. From the government's point of view, it is imminently desirable that the minister puts in his paper ahead of Parliament meeting on Monday.In the midst of Trivedi's fate being tossed between the Trinamool Congress and the Centre, MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy's comment that \"Trivedi's resignation is an internal matter of Trinamool... If we get any intimation from TMC, the decision will be taken by the Prime Minister, the UPA chairperson and TMC chief\" hardly lifted the fog.Interestingly, some of the unions are affiliated to opposition parties, which are demanding a fare rollback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12320146", "title": "Kaziranga University to start session in July", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga University is all set to kick start its first academic session from July this year with the passing of the Assam Kaziranga University Bill 2012 in the assembly on Friday. \"We are ready to kick start the first academic session of our university from July. Our preparations are on and we expect to complete it soon,\" Basant Khetan, secretary of the Kaziranga University said.He said the Assam Kaziranga university bill was tabled in the state assembly on March 1. State education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma moved clause-by-clause consideration of the bill and it was finally passed by voice vote in the assembly on Friday.He added, \"We expressed our gratitude to the Assam assembly for giving birth to the university. The assembly has given us an opportunity to do something in this sector. We will try to live up to their expectations and excel in the realm of education.\"The Kaziranga University is promoted by North Eastern Knowledge Foundation, which is a joint initiative of Khetan and Goel Industrial Group based in Jorhat and Kolkata, and established under the Assam Private University Act of 2007. The university will provide teaching and research facilities in engineering, management, health sciences, agriculture and allied subjects. It will also offer diplomas and degrees at the bachelor, master and doctorate levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12320088", "title": "Muslim girls take the field for a new innings", "text": "SURAT: Many young Muslim girls from poor backgrounds in Vadodara have taken to cricket in the hope of getting a ticket to a better life, like the Pathan brothers, Yusuf and Irfan. On Sunday, Surat organized its first ever cricket tournament for Muslim girls in floodlights, making history of sorts for the minority dominated Rander area of the city.The Rander Islamia Gymkhana became the first ground to host such a match. Four all-girls teams played in the event organized to empower the new generation of Muslim girls. The girls played the matches in specially designed bright coloured tracks and T-shirts. The spectators too had a large numbers of girls. To cheer their team, 38 school girls arrived all the way from Mumbai.Of the four teams, two were from D M Girls Orphanage, Mumbai, while two were from HIMS Botawala Charities, Surat. The match was played with tennis balls after a month-long coaching and fitness camp.\"I want to become a cricketer and this is a first step towards my aim. I am an all-rounder and I admire Mahendra Singh Dhoni the most,\" said Ensha Qureshi, 13, who lives at D M Girls Orphanage, Mumbai.Another all-rounder of the team Murshida Qureshi, 13, said, \"I believe that there should not be any restriction on girls. We should be allowed to play or take part in different activities to express ourselves.\"Trustee of D M Girls Orphanage, Miriam Botawala, said, \"I believe that the cricket match between girls will set an example. The girls are very happy and excited as they are playing for the first time.\" The match is being played on the eve of 93rd birthday of Sheila Botawala, mother of Miriam and president of the trust.Zuber Botawala, trustee of HIMS Botawala Charities, said, \"We got the girls trained from a professional coach and will continue encouraging them for excellence in sports.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12317069", "title": "Over 50 killed in clashes between Pakistan soldiers and militants", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 51 militants and four soldiers have died in Pakistan's restive northwest after security forces backed by combat jets launched a major offensive a week back, officials said on Sunday.A total of 26 militants were killed and 15 more injured when combat jets bombarded rebel hideouts in the Orakzai and Kurram tribal regions on Sunday.Seven hideouts were destroyed in the air strikes, officials said.At least 25 militants and four security personnel have died in clashes in the Bara region of Khyber Agency since March 12, officials said.A dozen security personnel were injured in the fighting. Troops are currently conducting operations against the banned Lashkar-e-Islam in Khyber Agency.Officials denied reports that some militants were killed in custody in Bara following the recovery of 14 bullet-riddled and mutilated bodies in the region.The casualties in the fighting could not be independently confirmed as journalists are barred from reporting from the tribal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312546", "title": "Grape exports up this year", "text": "PUNE: Grape growers from Maharashtra have so far exported 8,326 tonne grapes to European Union (EU) countries, higher by 2,000 tonne exported till March 14, 2011.The price that the farmers are getting per kilogram from the exporters - Rs 40 to Rs 60 - is higher than the domestic prices, said Pandurang Watharkar, director, processing and planning, state department of agriculture.Till March 14 last year, the state had exported 6,360 tonne grapes to EU countries. Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh also grow and export grapes, but compared to Maharashtra, their combined share is not more than 5-6%. No other states in the country exports grapes. The turnover of grapes in import-export market is more than Rs 300 crore.Though export from the state is growing significantly, it is unlikely to match the export figures of 37,000 tonne achieved in 2009. Watharkar said, \"In 2010, some retail companies from European Union rejected grape containers from Maharashtra, claiming higher than the prescribed usage of plant growth regulator or growth hormones. The losses were so heavy that many farmers stayed away from export to EU, despite it being the most lucrative market. Farmers instead concentrated on west Asian (Gulf) market and some preferred selling their produce in the domestic market to cut losses.\"This was reflected in 2011, when most of the farmers chose to sell their produce in the domestic market to recover their 2010 losses, Watharkar said.Maharashtra has the lion's share in grape exports from the country. The fruit usually arrives in the market by February and the season continues till May. Apart from the EU countries, grapes are also exported to Gulf countries. Grapes exported to Gulf countries need not have stringent tests like the EU countries, but returns are also much lower, said Watharkar.The state has around 66,000 hectare under grape cultivation, which produces approximately two lakh tonne grapes. Some 50,000 tonne is exported to Gulf countries at lower rate.A grape grower from Narayangaon said, \"We have to fill various documents and conduct chemical residue tests on the fruit before exporting grapes to EU countries. The number of tests has increased from around 70 to nearly 170. A farmer's business is generally based on borrowing money and repaying it after harvesting the crop. Small farmers cannot afford the delays in payment realization from export, so they prefer selling their produce in the local market.\" Though grape growing yields high returns, the plant is very delicate and the produce is vulnerable to minor climatic variations. The input cost is also high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312282", "title": "3 killed in house collapse", "text": "INDORE: Three were buried alive in house debris after it collapsed in the wee hours of Saturday at Ashok Nagar in Ujjain district, about 50 km from the city. Sumanbai, 50, Pratiksha, 8, and Mahi, 11, died in their sleep after the two-storey 100-year-old house collapsed. Other members of house, Renu, 33, Shekhar, 5, and Garima,16, had a lucky escape. The house was not listed on Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC)'s list of dilapidated houses, sources said.According to police, the house, made of mud, was constructed about 100 years ago. \"Three of the six members living in the house died on the spot,\" the police said, adding the fire brigade and police department officials rescued three other members with the help of the people. The bodies have been sent for post- mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312375", "title": "City non-governmental organization set to get grants without tender", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government is all set to allocate a grant of Rs 60 lakh to a non-governmental organization (NGO) for rehabilitation of silicosis affected patients without inviting tender or expression of interest (EoI).The district and state health society, after going through a project by the city-based NGO Shilpi Kendra, approved a grant of Rs 33.17 lakh and Rs 28.92 lakh to rehabilitate patients afflicted with silicosis in Jhabua and Alirajpur district respectively.Accepting that tenders were not invited to start rehabilitation programme for the silicosis patients officials of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) told TOI, \"Shilpi Kendra was working for the cause since long and hence the work of rehabilitation was given to it\".Dr Manohar Agnani, mission director said, \"Tenders were not invited as the organization was involved with rehabilitation of silicosis patients since long. The organization is well aware of the problems of area.\" However, he added that funds are yet to be transferred to the organization.A total of 631 silicosis patients from the districts of Alirajpur, Dhar and Jhabua districts are to be rehabilitated, as per government records. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had earlier directed the state to seek help of NGOs for rehabilitation of silicosis affected patients in the three districts falling under Indore division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310826", "title": "Two confess to gang-raping woman", "text": "GURGAON: The city police claimed to have solved another gang rape case in which a mother was raped by two men known to her in a moving car in Delhi. The accused had dumped her with her 18-month-old child in Vikaspuri, Delhi.Palam Vihar police have arrested two persons from Gurgaon, who were booked on the charge of gang rape. The persons were identified as Anil Kumar, 28, resident of Bajghera village, and his friend Parveen, 32, resident of Chaarra village, and also recovered the car which was used in the gang rape. \"We have interrogated the accused and will produce them in a city court tomorrow,\" said Abhey Singh Rao, DCP (West).The incident took place on March 9 at the Bajghera village bus stand where the woman was waiting for a bus. The victim had filed her complaint at the Palam vihar police station on March, 12.During the interrogation, the two accused confessed to having committed the crime. Anil told the police that he had borrowed the RITZ car an acquaintance, Anupam, resident of Palam Vihar. Anil also claimed that he was in a relationship with the woman in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312132", "title": "Hi Harvard, why Harvard?", "text": "When 50-year-old Rajendra Singh, a top honcho in a technology company, wanted to burnish his repertoire of skills, he went to one of the best management schools. His company spent Rs 32 lakh for him to do an eight-week advanced executive management course at Harvard. \"I know it seems like a great deal. But what I learned in terms of education was incomparable,\" says Singh. This education just got closer home with the recent launch of a Harvard classroom at Taj Lands End in Mumbai.While it's a quid pro quo for Indian students and renowned foreign management institutes, be it Harvard Business School (HBS), Wharton or Kelloggs which have arrived in India, will it make a dent on the brand value of the IIMs? \"IIMs will continue to be aspirational for India's top students. Why, many get into Ivy League colleges and don't get a foothold into the IIMs,\" says Debashis Chatterjee, IIM-Kozhikode director . \"This is a brand we have built assiduously. Harvard sees India as a market, whereas the IIMs don't see education as a market.\"Strong words, but it's true that foreign courses don't exactly come cheap. While a 4-5 day Harvard executive education course costs around Rs 2 lakh and each course of Wharton is more than Rs 1.6 lakh, IIM-Bangalore offers a five-day course for Rs 75,000.Nonetheless, Harvard and Wharton have marketed their executive education courses as exclusively meant for India. Harvard has even replicated its classrooms in Boston in Mumbai with amphitheatre-style architecture.\"Unlike the traditional ballroomtype of classroom where all the students sit at one level, this amphitheatre helps in Harvard's case study method,\" says Rohit Deshpande, Sebastin S Kresge professor of marketing, HBS. This participant-centred learning needs the instructor to facilitate debate by walking up and down the aisles, rather than the traditional Aristotelian method where the teacher instructs and the students listen.Despite accusations of pecuniary motives driving these schools here, India remains vital for their global strategy . \"This century is the century of Asia, and India is an emerging superpower . For many of my students at Harvard , India is the California of the 21st century,\" says Deshpande.Wharton came to India in January, offering three executive educative programmes in Mumbai and Gurgaon. A fourth will be added later this year. Vice-dean Jason Wingard says this is the ideal time for an India entry. \"We offer career coaching and professional career assessment too,\" he says. \"Wharton will help Indian business leaders with up-tothe-minute research and best practices.\" Its vice-dean of global initiatives Harbir Singh says there's \"a growing emphasis on internationalisation in India. You can't maintain a competitive advantage without a global perspective.\"So will the IIMs change their strategy? No, says Chatterjee. \"IIMs have their own system which is sensitive to changing global scenarios and is independent of what's happening elsewhere. Foreign universities will have to change according to the Indian scenario.\"Alex Manappurathu, chief programme officer at IIM-Bangalore , says they won't change as a reaction to competition either. \"Our programmes are derived from the research, teaching and consulting work done by our faculty which is actively involved in latest business realities on a global basis,\" he says. \"Further, IIM-B's executive programmes are among the largest in the Asian Executive Education segment.\"India callingWhat's on the executive menu? HARVARD BUSINESS SCHOOL: Managing &amp; Transforming Professional Service Firms Building a Global Enterprise in India Develop India: Real Estate Strategies for Growth WHARTON: Customer Driven Marketing: Strategies for Profitable Growth Strategic Thinking and Leadership for Growth Using Finance for Strategic Growth", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312733", "title": "Word-of-mouth promos pay off at box office", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Content is king ' has been proved once again by two recently released films. The box office earnings of Irrfan Khan-starrer Paan Singh Tomar and Vidya Balan's Kahaani surpassed their budget shortly after release.Paan Singh Tomar, which cost Rs 4.5 crore , has collected Rs 12 crore in its second week. The film is being added in more centres. With a budget of Rs 11 crore, Kahaani'searnings touched Rs 24 crore on Friday. The Irrfan Khan-starrer saw first day earnings of Rs 75 lakh and K a h a a n i's paid preview collected the same amount. Trade experts said word-of-mouth publicity worked for both movies.\"We had forgotten that word of mouth promotion worked for a film. These films are doing brisk business from the first day because people appreciated them,\" trade analyst Taran Adarsh said.\"Kahaani collected merely Rs 75 lakh in its paid preview last week. However , on Friday the film saw a collection of 2.9 crore,\" he added. Trade pundit Amod Mehra feels the business of such cinemas has got a lot to do with their budget. \"A film's budget has a bearing on its success. Ek Main Aur Ek Tu could have been a bigger hit haditsbudgetbeen smaller,\" said Mehra. While Kahaani had a larger release , the Irrfan Khan-starrer hit theatres without much of fanfare. \"The controlled release was partof our marketing strategy,\" producer Siddharth Roy Kapur said.Moreover , many feel the movies would have done better had they been launched after the school exams. \"Students have their exams in March , this affects business. The collections may have been 40% more than what they have earned,\" said Vishal Anand , operation head of Fun Cinemas.Cash is kingThe box office earnings of 'Paan Singh Tomar' and 'Kahaani' surpassed their budget shortly after release The Irrfan Khan-starrer , which cost Rs 4.5 crore, collected Rs 12 crore in its second week. With a budget of Rs 11 crore, 'Kahaani' touched Rs 24 crore on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312336", "title": "In the game, but not a game-changer", "text": "A few weeks ago, Pranab Mukherjee had complained that the prospect of unchecked fiscal deficits was giving him sleepless nights. Friday's Budget might ensure a few restful nights but is unlikely to cure him entirely of his insomnia . First, why the restful nights? This time the finance minister seems to have presented a more credible budget at least in terms of the assumptions and arithmetic. He is not too bullish on growth prospects with a target of 7.6% (with a quarter of a percentage point margin of error on either side).It might not be too difficult to get to this growth target if indeed the Budget persuades companies to invest more in capacity and the government manages to execute projects a little better.The FM has done what he can to raise revenues.He has hiked excise duties and the service tax rate by a significant two percentage points. He has introduced a negative list for services and that means a fair increase in the number of services that would now fall in the tax net. The disinvestment target of Rs 30,000 crore also looks credible if we factor in things like the buyback of shares by cash-rich PSUs that have been allowed recently. Increased customs tariff on gold should fetch him more revenues and also help in managing the problem of a bloated import bill. If growth does not disappoint and his revenue numbers are on track, it should get him to the 5.1% fiscal deficit to GDP ratio that he has targeted as part of his fiscal consolidation strategy. The prospect of the actual deficit coming in at a good 1.3 percentage points higher than what he targets (as it did this year coming ) seems remote . So far so good!What is the problem then? A key challenge for the FM this year is to boost investments in the economy, particularly from the private sector and get the growth engine chugging again. One could argue that the Budget has not done enough to lift the animal spirits of the Indian entrepreneur and get his will to invest back on track. There is some effort to address the concerns of sectors that are currently under pressure like agriculture, aviation and power. The FM has done this either by allocating more funds or enabling them to access more finances (through external borrowings for instance). However,the Budget is far from being what could call a 'game-changer' for investments.Why? On the one hand, there are significant indirect tax increases that affect the demand for their products adversely. On the other, there is a conspicuous lack of hard policy decisions that could have convinced Indian companies that the government meant business and that the so-called policy paralysis that they had been fretting over will end. The Budget speech, for instance, emphasizes the need to put a lid on subsidies but there is no comprehensive strategy to actually achieve this. Again the FM seems sold on the idea that PPP is the way forward for reviving investments in infrastructure but seems reticent when it comes to discussing why the private sector has been reluctant to enter the partnership . If corporate investments continue to dwindle, then even getting the 7.6% growth that he has targeted could be difficult.Inflation and interest rates could be the other party pooper. Much of the fiscal consolidation that is being targeted (the reduction in fiscal deficit from 5.9 to 5.1% of GDP) is planned on the back of revenue buoyancy rather than expenditure compression. Hefty government spending could keep the inflation momentum alive. Besides, if we take his subsidy projections at face value, the fact that he has allocated Rs 25000 crore less for oil subsidies means that petrol and diesel price hikes are around the corner. Combine this with the cost-push from higher excise duties and service tax and you get another set of pressures on the price-line . If inflation does pick up, it might hold the RBI back from cutting interest rates too sharply this year.Finally, the government plans to borrow a massive amount of Rs 5,600,00 crore from the market (Rs 60,000 more than last year) to finance the deficit. The risk is that at the first sign of a pick-up in private investments, the competition between the private sector and the government could heat up. The private sector is usually the loser in such a situation and could find its investments getting 'crowded out' by the sheer heft of government borrowing Growth could suffer as a result and the entire fiscal arithmetic that hinges on a pick-up in the economy could go for a toss. Then it's back to sleepless nights for the FM.-Abheek Barua(The writer is chief economist, HDFC Bank )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12309982", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi drama turns into farce", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi is expected to resign on Monday, four days after his defiance of Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's diktat to not raise railway fares. That will bring to a close the bizarre political drama that has been playing out since Wednesday since Trivedi presented the rail budget.Even though that's what the script appears to be, the process of securing his ouster was turning farcical with the minister demanding instructions in writing either from Mamata or PM to put in his papers. While Mamata declined on Saturday to discuss the Trivedi affair, instead asking all questions to be directed to her party's chief whip Kalyan Banerjee, the latter wondered why anything should be given in writing when the whole world knows that TMC wants Trivedi to go.\"Was he told in writing that he (Trivedi) should become a minister that he's insisting on a written notice now,\" Kalyan Banerjee asked. The explanation, however, didn't explain TMC's reluctance to serve written marching orders on Trivedi, if that's what he wants. Meanwhile, the UPA government said nothing on Saturday about Trivedi's resignation, although Congress sources said the minister would have to go by Monday, soon after the debate on the motion thanking President Pratibha Patil for her address to the joint sitting.On Tuesday, Lok Sabha is expected to take up the debate on the railway budget - which is the deadline set by Mamata for substituting Trivedi with Mukul Roy. In fact, the government is likely to find running Parliament difficult as the opposition is bound to ask what Trivedi's status is when the two Houses meet on Monday, and certainly on Tuesday when Lok Sabha is expected to take up the rail budget debate.That Trivedi himself wasn't just sitting tight was apparent when railway unions sprang to his defence a couple of days ago saying that they would go on strike if rail fares were rolled back. \"We don't want the railways to go the way of Air India,\" said a union leader. In fact, they are planning to write another letter to the PM urging him to ensure that the railways don't become a collateral victim of stressful coalition politics. Interestingly, some of the unions are affiliated to opposition parties which are demanding a fare rollback.The drama over Trivedi's resignation touched new levels of absurdity when the minister argued there was \"no confusion\" about his status as Trinamool leader Sudip Bandhopadhyay had said in Lok Sabha that his resignation has not been sought. The stand was strange considering that it's common knowledge that his party wants him to go. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said as much in Lok Sabha on Thursday in the presence of the outgoing railway minister.In any case, Trivedi is unlikely to continue in Rail Bhavan irrespective of whether Congress's alliance with Trinamool survives the recent strains. Even if there was a break-up, Trivedi, a Gujarati who represents Barrackpore in Lok Sabha, cannot continue as minister for long without having to defy a TMC whip: something that would cause him to lose his LS seat.For the moment though, Congress has no plans to snap ties with Mamata: a decision that has been publicly amplified by both PM and Pranab Mukherjee. There could be little room for doubt over Trivedi having to go with Mamata saying, \"I have already said whatever I have had to say. Now the government has to decide. Mukul Roy will be our candidate for the railway minister.\"While Trivedi's exit from the cabinet is a certainty, the timing may be finalized by the Congress leadership over he weekend. One section of Congress is keen that the vote over the president's address be concluded before removing Trivedi so that it becomes clear that Trinamool has not supported Opposition amendments on the national counter-terrorism centre.But the government will find it extremely difficult to run Parliament on Monday as the opposition is sure to demand to know what is Trivedi's status and might be ready to block proceedings. From the government's point of view, it is imminently desirable that the minister puts in his paperahead of Parliament meeting on Monday.In the midst of Trivedi's fate being tossed between the Trinamool Congress and the Centre, MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy's comment that \"Trivedi's resignation is an internal matter of Trinamool Congress...If we get any intimation from TMC, the decision will be taken by the Prime Minister, the UPA chairperson and TMC chief,\" hardly lifted the fog.As it is, Trivedi's presence on the front bench during Mukherjee's budget speech on Friday and the quick pats on the back he received from some Congress ministers only served to deepen the puzzle over just why the railway minister was continuing in office. If Congress had sought time till the Budget was presented, the lack of action on Saturday only spurred speculation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312318", "title": "Where the streets are paved with gold", "text": "If money screams, wealth whispers. The truth of this adage becomes amply clear as one gazes at Aurangzeb Road in Lutyen's Delhi, a precious stone's throw from the Prime Minister's residence on Race Course Road. With its leafy lanes and elegant bungalows, it's a location that exudes old world charm. It's also India's wealthiest street, according to a TOI study to map the country's richest roads based on the net worth of the billionaires living on them. Steel baron L N Mittal (whenever he is in Delhi), K P Singh of DLF and the Jindals reside here. So do Analjit Singh of Max India group, Malvinder and Shivinder Singh of Religare, Pepsi bottler Ravi Jaipuria and Atul Punj of Punj Lloyd. Their combined net worth adds up to a mind-bending $44 billion or about Rs 2.2 lakh crore. That helps explain why properties here reputedly command a price of about Rs 1.40 lakh per square foot. Don't plan on buying one of those charming houses unless you consider Rs 100 crore small change.The flocking together of several billionaires helps Aurangzeb Road surge ahead of Mumbai's Altamount Road, which can boast of being the address of two of the richest men in India - Mukesh Ambani and Kumar Mangalam Birla. Still, the combined wealth of the denizens of Altamount Road adds up to a 'mere' $31 billion (about Rs 1.55 lakh crore). However , there's a caveat. India's most famous personal home, Mukesh Ambani's 27-storey Antilia, may be located on Altamount Road, but he is yet to move in. If one were to argue that his residence is actually on Cuffe Parade, then Altamount Road would drop to seventh place, with Kumar Mangalam Birla being the lone billionaire on it with a net worth of $7.7 billion (about Rs 38,500 crore). The Mukesh effect, combining with the wealth of younger brother Anil and Subhash Chandra of Zee would then propel Cuffe Parade to second place, with a combined net worth of about $31 billion (Rs 1.55 lakh crore).India's financial capital also provides Street No. 3 - the famed Malabar Hill. Boasting the residences of the Ruias of Essar group, reclusive magnate Shapoorji Pallonji Mistry, Adi Godrej and Venugopal Dhoot, the street has a combined net worth of about $30 billion (Rs 1.50 lakh crore), putting it only fractionally behind in the race for second spot. Interestingly , at Rs 75,000/sq ft, an apartment in Malabar Hill actually costs more than the going rate of Rs 70,000/sq ft for multi-storeyed apartments in Altamount Road.One doesn't have to go too far from India's richest street to reach No. 4 - in fact, barely 2km. Delhi's Amrita Shergill Marg - where Bharti's Sunil Mittal and the Hindujas have their bungalows - has a combined net worth of about $18 billion (Rs 90,000 crore). It offers residents a priceless perk - proximity to Lodi Gardens , where many of India's richest and most powerful can be found networking as they stroll through the breathtakingly beautiful locales. All that can make the prevailing price of Rs 96,000/sq ft seem a bargain - assuming you can afford it.The list finally moves beyond Delhi and Mumbai to Bengaluru for the fifth richest street - Surjapur - where Azim Premji lives on the Wipro campus. It has a net worth of about $13 billion (Rs 65,000 crore), on the basis of his personal wealth alone, though Jayanagar boasts of more billionaires in N R Narayana Murthy (Rs 8,250 crore) and G M Rao (Rs 8,000cr). Koramangala , too, is home to S Gopalakrishna (Rs 7,100 crore) and Nandan Nilekani (Rs 7,000 crore).In Chennai, the Boat Club area boasts the maximum concentration of wealth. With Kalanithi Maran and the Murugappa family living here, the combined wealth is valued at $3.5 billion (Rs 17,500 crore) with property prices at Rs 20,000/sq ft for apartments. In comparison, the figure for Kolkata's Alipore area would be closer to $2 billion (Rs 10,000 crore); a flat here would set you back some Rs 19,000/sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314813", "title": "What\u2019s a real party really like?", "text": "Two days ago, I was at a party where I really enjoyed myself. It was different. The usual party unfolds at a lounge or nightclub packed with some 200-odd guests, who vaguely know, or know of each other.There's a DJ playing the latest beats, and the usual finger food floats around. Alcohol is at the bar, and the drug of your choice is in some corner. People flow in and out. Some come to network, some for the booze, some because of an obligation and some, purely because they have nothing better to do. But this party had none of the above.There were no pretentious people or dishes. The guest list had only 50 names - without the mandatory movie star. The venue was a private bungalow in Panvel on the outskirts of Mumbai. The hosts, from a prominent business family, had collected an interesting mix of people with no agenda whatsoever. There was a media baron, a writer from Pakistan , a lawyer, a few people from Delhi (no c l u e w h a t they do for a living), a musician, an artist, some people from the world of theatre, an environmentalist, and a consul general. The music was French Cafe (not too loud) and the conversation was sparkling like the wine that the hosts served personally. We talked about art, culture, politics, farmer suicides, and some gossip.Come on! No party is complete without that. The goss was about a socialite, who had left her husband for a doctor, and was now having trouble with her live-in boyfriend. But other than that, it was an interesting evening with people, who had opinions and arguments to back them. Some people who were present there are in a position to bring about a change. I remember soaking it all in with a smile. No one was faking it, being loud or trying to attract attention. People were actually listening to each other. And we even wrapped up at a decent hour. Dinner was served at 12 and we were all saying our goodbyes by 2 am. I sent the hostess a big basket of goodies the next morning with a 'thank you' note. More people should steal her idea. It was the best party I have attended this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310226", "title": "Right to Information Act activist exposes Barnala's son's role in varsity contracts", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Coimbatore-based advocate, M Loganathan, who is also an RTI activist, has accused former Tamil Nadu governor Surjit Singh Barnala's son of illegally garnering contracts for CCTV cameras worth Rs 4.19crore from 13 universities in the state.The advocate claimed that he brought the issue to the attention of the chief minister, the chief secretary and DGP on January 23, 2012. The advocate said he brought the issue to light after filing RTI applications for seven months.S S Barnala was the chancellor of over 20 universities when he was the governor of Tamil Nadu. He alone had the right to appoint vice-chancellors. Loganathan alleges that during Barnala's tenure those close to Barnala's son Jasjit Singh were appointed as VCs.Loganathan said that Barnas Intl Pvt Ltd, a Chandigarh-based company had registered itself in 2005 under the Companies Act. After Barnala became governor, the company moved its headquarters to Chennai. It was involved in scams in computerisation of the admission and payroll process in nearly 15 universities in Tamil Nadu, he said. The scams occurred between 2005 and 2011.When father was the chancellor of the university, the son's company should not provide software and CCTV equipment to the universities, he said.Also, according to university norms, tenders should be taken before any contract is awarded. Most of the tenders were forged ones. This has been revealed in the replies obtained for his RTI applications, said Loganathan, who held a news conference in the city on Saturday.He said no action has been taken against university officials even though it has been two months since the scam came to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310703", "title": "\u2018Cops saw abduction, stood judging victim\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Had the Gurgaon cops done what they were supposed to, the gang rape of a 23-year-old woman on Sunday night could have been averted. All they had to do was to act on the information given by the victim's brother. However, they chose to ignore it.In an exclusive interview with TOI, Mehndi Hassan, the driver of the cab in which the victim was travelling narrated in detail how he and the woman's brother had literally pleaded with the policemen, stationed across the road, to save her from the clutches of her tormentors who had just bundled her into their white Maruti Alto and zipped past the cops.\"I had just dropped a passenger at Sahara Mall when this woman came and asked me and if I could drop her at Badarpur. I said yes and asked her to pay by the meter but she did not agree. After a bit of bargaining, I asked her to pay Rs 350 and she sat in the cab with her brother. We had hardly taken a U-turn on MG Road when a car screeched to a halt blocking my path. In fact, my car's rear-view mirror broke in the process,\" said the driver.Five men came out and pulled the girl out of the cab, hurled abuses and bundled her inside their car and sped towards the Sikanderpur Metro station, Hassan said. \"They then took a U-turn and went towards IFFCO Chowk. It all happened within minutes. I and her brother scurried across the road to the cops in the PCR van and asked them to chase the car, providing them all the details, including the woman's cellphone number and the car registration number.\"\"Had they taken action, the gang rape could have been averted,\" he said with a sense of remorse. \"Instead of listening to us, the three cops started questioning the woman's character and shooed us away. They did not budge from their place. Had they even flashed the message on their wireless system, I am sure the culprits could have been easily apprehended,\" Hassan added. The cab driver took the boy to his home in Badarpur.\"The brother kept calling on her phone, but even though the calls were answered, nobody spoke from the other end. Once we reached their home around 3.15am, her mother accompanied me back to Gurgaon while the brother stayed back. Near Andheria More, we spotted a Delhi Police PCR van and stopped there to inform them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310983", "title": "5 trains delayed in Erode as engine derails", "text": "COIMBATORE: The passengers of Tirunelveli-Jammutawi Express had a restless wait at the Erode railway station on Saturday morning after the engine that was removed from the train derailed on the tracks. The unexpected derailment of the engine caused a five-hour delay for five trains operating on the route including Trivandrum-Chennai, Ernakulam-Karaikal, and Rameswaram-Okka.Two local trains - Erode-Jolarpet and Erode-Mettur Dam trains were suspended. Tirunelveli-Jammutawi Express arrived at the Erode railway station at around 2.50 am. The engine was removed and additional coaches were added as per the usual routine. As the Express was preparing to leave the platform, the removed engine derailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306259", "title": "Game Review: Sony PlayStation Vita", "text": "When Sony announced the PlayStation Vita last year, it set tongues wagging because of its power packed specs (5-inch touchscreen, quad core processor, 3G, Wi-Fi , backtrack pad, dual cameras and multiple motion sensors). Well, the device is a hardcore gamer's dream.It might look like the older PSP, but the addition of two analog sticks makes it stand out (and a lot more difficult to pocket). We tried out Uncharted: Golden Abyss and Unit 13 on it and were surprised at just how good the games looked on the 960 x 544 OLED display.Although the multiple interface options (touchscreen , buttons, et al) made gameplay a tad confusing initially, once you get the hang of things, this little device rocks. There are some nifty tweaks like the option to spot other Vita owners using GPS (we could not try this out, as there are not too many around) and in some cases, being able to leave virtual articles for them in specific locations.PS3 owners can, in some cases, switch between playing the same game on the console and the Vita. The interface is all-new and designed for touch. It responds beautifully with no lags. Not everything is smooth sailing though.There are a few niggles, such as the need to get (expensive ) Vita memory cards to save game data and a battery life of around four hours that would have been acceptable in the pre-iPod Touch era, but now seems less. The cameras are way too basic (both VGA) for any shooting or recording comfort.And then comes the real spoiler - at 19,990 for Wi-Fi and 24,990 for the Wi-Fi + 3G edition, the Vita costs more than a PS3 or an Xbox 360 . Plus the games are expensive too ( 1,499 - 2,799). Hardcore gamers will love the display and interface.Others might prefer sticking to a proper console or investing in an iPod Touch or older PSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310756", "title": "IGP takes family on human safari", "text": "NEW DELHI: There seems no let up in the exploitation of the Andaman's Jarawa tribals. In the latest instance of the continuing outrage, a senior police officer, Sanjay Beniwal, has been transferred from Andaman following reports in 'Andaman Chronicle' of his taking his family and guests on a special \"human safari\" to meet the Jarawas on February 28. This was well after the scandal broke in January.Inspector general of police Beniwal, the second-in-command in the Andaman police force, was especially assigned the task of monitoring activities in the Jarawa reserve following the expose in January of police involvement in illegal tourism in the reserve that showed vile exploitation of the tribals.The two videos, released by The Observer (UK), showed uniformed men recording semi-clad Jarawa girls dancing for food. Another clip zoomed into the girls' and showed men pestering them to dance.But there seems to be no shaming. Weeks later on February 28, flouting both rule and responsibility, IGP Beniwal allegedly took his relatives on a \"human safari\" where they met about 18 members of the tribe. Reports of his trip the next day in Andaman Chronicle saw Beniwal transferred.\"We're yet to get the full facts but in the circumstances we thought it best to transfer the officer,\" Andaman chief secretary Shakti Sinha told TOI.The investigating officer in the two Jarawa video cases, Vineet Kumar, the DSP of South Andaman through whom Beniwal's instructions were reportedly sent out to the Jarawa Protection Police Outpost in Tirur, also \"managed his transfer sensing trouble\", said Denis Giles, editor of Andaman Chronicle. Beniwal was \"relieved of his duties on February 29,\" Giles added.The Andaman Chronicle reported that the Jarawa Protection Police Outpost in Tirur was instructed to make the Jarawas available for Beniwal's guests. Although the Andaman Adim Janjati Vikas Samiti (AAJVS) had objected, the Jarawas were made to wait for an hour to meet Beniwal's party.Incidentally, in the Lok Sabha on March 13, MoS, home, Mullapally Ramachandran, said that a nodal officer had been assigned to monitor activities on the Andaman Trunk Road. The Andaman Adim Janjati Vikas Samiti posted in the Jarawa Reserve too was asked to be \"extra cautious and keep vigil\" on convoys passing through the reserve, he said. \"Police has also provided better surveillance and escorts to the convoys,\" he said. Beniwal, as the first officer assigned the task, clearly got the brief all wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "12318148", "title": "Married teenager gang-raped", "text": "REWARI: A married teenager was gang-raped by four youths here, police said today.The medical examination of the 19-year-old girl confirmed sexual assault, they said.According to a police complaint filed by the girl, who runs a beauty parlour and was married to a youth in Narnaul, she was enticed by a property dealer who took her to Yadav Nagar colony and confined her in a room where he and his three friends repeatedly raped her for many days before releasing her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311831", "title": "Aid to convert heritage houses to guesthouses", "text": "PANAJI: Heritage, pilgrimage and providing assistance to heritage home owners to convert their houses into guesthouses and imposing safety measures for adventure tourism activities, like water sports and parasailing, are some of the priorities on the new tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha's agenda.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar allotted the tourism portfolio to Saldanha on Friday night. Speaking to STOI, Saldanha said that he will first try to execute the promises in the BJP manifesto. \"My first priority is to keep all tourist spots clean and plastic-free and to develop heritage and pilgrimage tourism in the state,\" Saldanha said. The tourism minister is also concerned about the increase in adventure tourism related accidents in the state. \"I would like to be strict with (regards to) adventure tourism. I will not allow any adventure-related activity, unless they (adventure sport operators) put 100% safety measures in place,\" he said.The tourism minister also stated that he wanted to develop man-made heritage structures and to protect old heritage houses from being sold to outsiders.\"I will see that some financial assistance is given to heritage house owners to convert their homes into guesthouses with a double aim of protecting the houses and preventing their sale to outsiders,\" Saldanha said.Saldanha plans to introduce a 'museology' (study of museums) course at Goa university. With this course, Goan youth can avail of job opportunities that come with the infrastructure to boost heritage tourism in the state, he said.The minister also wants to introduce a 15-day temporary driving license provision for foreign tourists to avoid harassment meted out to them by various authorities. \"Another priority would be to upgrade the Dabolim airport as soon as possible,\" Saldanha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315672", "title": "Siddharth is very energetic: Balaji Mohan", "text": "Balaji Mohan, the director of Kadhalil Sodhapavudhu Yeppadi has been on an all time high. With the success of his movie KSY, he has nothing but praise for Siddharth.\"Most of the scenes had a direct narration where Siddharth had to look into the camera directly and speak. And that's not easy. Simple acting is more difficult and talking into the camera was a big challenge!\" says Balaji. \"He is very energetic and likes to things differently. He was a big support for every scene.\" Unlike other love-lorn romeos Balaji decided that his actor would not do the usual. \"For the song Parvathy Parvathy.. I decided that Siddharth was not going to be your usual heart broken man. No insanely long beards and definitely no drinking!\" smiles Balaji.In addition to scripting and directing the movie, Balaji also turned lyricist for Ananda Jalodosam one of the tracks in the movie. \"The song comes at a very unusual spot in the movie so it had to be narrated differently. When I was scripting itself I had decided how I wanted the song to be choreographed so I ended up doing that as well,\" says this multi-talented director. Being a new director is not always easy. Which comes to the question of whether Balaji as a newbie was taken seriously by the actors. \"They didn't look at me as a first timer. It wasn't very difficult because I had planned everything. They knew what I wanted,\"adds Balaji.It's a movie of a different kind. A story that has definitely made audiences laugh and empathize. \"I proudly compare it to other love stories and can confidently say that KSY is different in every way.\"concludes Balaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12311303", "title": "Lakeshore strike: Cops release arrested nurses", "text": "KOCHI: The striking nurses at Lakeshore Hospital, who were arrested by the police on Saturday, were released on bail. Over 150 female nurses were granted bail after DYFI, PDP, AIYF, CPM and CPI came to their rescue.Earlier, the strike at Lakeshore Hospital took a new turn on the sixth day when police arrested the 200-odd agitators from the hospital premises on Saturday. They were blocking the entrance of the hospital for the past two days preventing doctors and nursing staff from entering the building. Police said the nurses took out a march and caused a road-block. Hospital authorities had obtained an order from the high court on Friday seeking police protection to ensure the smooth functioning of the institution.The management received the order on Saturday which was instrumental in removing the agitators from the premises.Around 50 male nurses were taken to the AR camp in Tripunithura, while the 150 female nurses were brought to the Vanitha police station later. After mediatory talks failed this week, agitators, under the aegis of United Nurses Association (UNA), blocked the entrance of the hospital. \"We had to strike because they violated the terms of the agreement, and we were registering our protest peacefully on Saturday. We were arrested after the polling in Piravom was completed,\" said Bibin P Chacko of UNA. The association plans to observe Sunday as a 'black day' in all hospitals to protest Saturday's arrests.Meanwhile, opposition leader V S Achuthanandan said that the government should intervene immediately to find a solution to the issue.\"Our strike is against the violation of terms in the agreement, and we were going ahead with the agitation peacefully on Saturday. But we were arrested soon after the polling was over in Piravom,\" said Bibin P Chacko of UNA. The association is planning to observe Sunday as black day in all hospitals to protest against the arrest and intensify the strike.Hospital authorities maintained that the police must have acted on the court order which clearly stated that the strike should not affect the hospital and endanger the lives of patients. The strike has been playing havoc with the functioning of the hospital where many life-saving surgeries had to be postponed as working nurses were not allowed to enter the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312782", "title": "Independent board to solve water woes in city", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is working on a plan to set up a water board for proper treatment and distribution of drinking water in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA) and other parts of the state. The proposal is likely to come up for discussion in the state cabinet meeting soon.\"It has been decided on principle to constitute a state water board. We are facing some financial constraints at present and we will work on constituting the board once the problems are sorted out,\" said urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim. Preliminary discussion has already been held with the state Public Health Engineering (PHE) department.Representatives of the Development Employees' Joint Action Committee, the KMDA's union wing that had placed the proposal before the minister, recently met Hakim at Unnayan Bhavan to discuss the issue.\"An independent water board is required in the state for proper coordination between the departments that treats and distributes water. The minister assured us that the proposal will be looked into and a process will be initiated within a month to set up this board. The board will eventually help in speedy and effective supply of water as the matter will be monitored by an independent authority,\" said P B Nag, secretary of the committee. Such water boards already exist in several states but West Bengal is yet to get its first.There are three agencies - the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), the Kolkata Metropolitan Water and Sanitation Authority (KMWSA) and the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department - that supply drinking water in the KMA, which includes Kolkata, Howrah, Hooghly, North and South 24 Parganas. KMDA supplies water to 41 municipalities within the KMA while KMWSA covers the entire KMA, including some parts of the city, coordinating with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation.With three agencies distributing water simultaneously in areas that overlap, the problem of coordination often disrupts their seamless functioning. The proposed water board will address this problem once it comes into existence.Kolkata: The state government will soon constitute a Water Board for proper production and distribution of drinking water in Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA) and other parts of the state. The proposal may be mooted in the state cabinet meeting soon.State urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim said that a water board will be set up. \"It has been decided on principle to constitute a state water board. Presently, we are facing some financial constraints and once the problems are sorted out we will work on the process to constitute a water board. I also had this plan in mind,\" the minister said. Preliminary discussion has been held with the state Public Health Engineering (PHE) department also on this proposal.Representatives of the Development Employees' Joint Action Committee, the KMDA's union wing met the minister at Unnayan Bhavan on Tuesday to discuss on this issue. The committee had earlier placed this proposal to the minister. \"An independent water board is required in the state for proper coordination between the departments that produces and distributes water in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area and all over the state. The minister told us that this will be looked into and a process will be initiated within a month to set up this board. Setting up this board will overall help in speedy and effective supply of water as the matter will be monitored by an independent authority which will help the various agencies coordinate with each other\" said PB Nag, secretary of committee. There are such water boards in many other cities of the country but no such board has been constituted so far for West Bengal.There are three agencies that supply drinking water in KMA that includes Kolkata, Howrah, Hooghly, North and South 24 Parganas - the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), the Kolkata Metropolitan Water and Sanitation Authority (KMWSA) and the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department. KMDA supplies water to 41 municipalities within KMA area, while KMWSA supplies water in the entire KMA area including some parts of the city with coordination of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation.With, KMDA, KMWSA and PHE all supplying water in some place or other, often the problem of coordination occurs, as to which municipality receives how much of water supply. Also, KMWSA is presently functioning under the KMDA board and often there is a lack of proper administration within the KMWSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312080", "title": "Forest department seeks expert advice", "text": "LUCKNOW: The forest department has now called in an expert advice to trap the tiger. The department has sought an expert opinion from the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) on how to go about the tiger-tracking operation.The forest officials, at the same time, denied that it has handed over the operation to NTCA. \"We haven't handed over the operation to them. We have sought the advice,\" said chief wildlife warden (CWW), UP, Mohammad Ehsan.The forest officers along with a team from Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) have been camping in Rahmamkhera to tranquilise and trap the tiger.It has also cost the department quite an amount. The tiger, on several occasions, has been spotted by trackers but has not been tranquilised.The team has been chasing the tiger for the last more than three months.It was on January 8 that its presence was for the first time reported at Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture ( CISH), Rahmankhera.After several failed attempts to do the job, the department has now written to NTCA. \"We have asked them to provide us more experts,\" said the CWW. The official said he has also written to WTI to send in more expert hands to trap the tiger. National Tiger Conservation Authority officers, at the same time, can also visit Rahmankhera and review the operation.The department has tried several things to get the tiger trapped safely.Calling in a shooter to tranquilise the big cat was one such move. However, department changed its decision after it drew flak over calling a shooter.Rahmankhera tiger has neither attacked nor injured any man, despite being present in human-inhabited area, nor has it ventured into human settlements.The feline is localised in a forest patch and frequents Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) campus.The wildlife enthusiasts, who are following the operation, say the tiger has been frequenting one particular route to move in and out of campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310829", "title": "Telemedicine set to boost health services", "text": "NEW DELHI: Skype, biometrics, M-health (use of mobile phones) and E-health are all set to make an entry into India's primary health centres (PHCs) and sub-centres as the health ministry steps on the gas to go hi-tech.The steering committee on health has said that in the 12th plan (2012-17), all district hospitals would be linked to leading tertiary care centres through telemedicine, Skype and similar audio visual media. M-health will be used to speed up transmission of data.India will also put in place a Citizen Health Information System (CHIS) - a biometric based health information system which will constantly update health record of every citizen-family. The system will incorporate registration of births, deaths and cause of death. Maternal and infant death reviews, nutrition surveillance, particularly among under-six children and women, service delivery in the public health system, hospital information service besides improving access of public to their own health information and medical records would be the primary function of the CHIS.The committee said in its report to the Planning Commission, \"The overarching goal is to develop a biometric-based health information system, which constantly updates health record of every citizen-family, which begins with universal vital registration, which is portable and accessible to service providers and to the families themselves. Based on this foundation, a network links all service providers, public and private laboratories and also generates the figures needed at different levels for policy making as well as generates the alerts needed for disease surveillance.\"According to the committee, CHIS will incorporate information on service delivery in the public health system helping to make evidence-based and guideline compatible clinical decisions and make morbidity and mortality profile available. This will also help estimate burden of disease and facilitate policy decisions at state and national levels.\"Placed on a GIS platform, it can identify geographic concentration of disease. The system will also provide hospital information service to improve the quality of care to patients through electronic medical records, to lower response time in emergency and improve hospital administration. It will support emergency response systems and referral transport arrangements, the organ retrieval and transplantation programme,\" it added.The ministry plans to give a big push to support telemedicine services in primary, secondary and tertiary care. Disease surveillance based on reporting by providers and clinical laboratories (public and private) to detect and act on disease outbreaks and epidemics would be an integral component of the system.\"The system will also support financial management -- from resource allocation, resource transfers, accounting and utilization to financial services like making of payments to facilities, providers and beneficiaries. It will provide a platform for continuing medical education and support regulatory functions of the state by creating a nation-wide registration of clinical establishments, manufacturing units, drug testing laboratories, licensing of drugs, approval of clinical trials,\" the document added.The ministry said that states which are ready to make the transition to electronic medical records would be encouraged to do so. \"The major part of public investment in information technology in health care would go to institutional capacity building for understanding and use of information. Incurring large expenditures on hardware and software without making a matching input in capacity development and institutionalization would be an error. As part of this, every state should have the skilled human resources needed at state and district level. This would require a mix of those with IT skills and public health informatics skills. State centres for health information, either standalone, or embedded in existing institutions would be essential and district teams of three to five persons for managing information flows and interpreting information would also be essential,\" the ministry document said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312533", "title": "Six life-saving drugs to become cheaper", "text": "PUNE: The proposed extension to concessional basic customs duty of 5% with full exemption from excise duty and countervailing duty (CVD) for six specified life-saving drugs will benefit patients suffering from HIV/ AIDS, cancer and kidney ailments, medical experts said.\"Life-saving drugs meant for cancer patients are expensive. Exempting them from excise duty is a relief as medicines will be within the people's reach,\" oncosurgeon Anupama Mane of Ruby Hall Cancer Centre said.Many patients are from lower income groups. \"Since many of these drugs are imported, they are expensive. Exempting them from excise duty will make them affordable,\" Mane said.The exemption to life-saving drugs required to treat kidney ailments and used during kidney transplants will make treatment affordable for patients.\"Drugs known as immuno-suppressents are used during kidney transplants. These drugs are very expensive and push up treatment costs. Exempting them from excise duty is a relief. But we don't know which specific drugs have been exempted,\" said nephrologist Farrokh Wadia of KEM Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310735", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal gets notice for House jibe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal has been slapped with a privilege notice for calling legislators ``rapists, murderers and looters'' during an election rally in Uttar Pradesh on February 25. The notice has been served by Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma from Madhya Pradesh.The Lok Sabha secretariat has sought reply from Kejriwal. This will be the second time Kejriwal has been served a privilege notice in the past seven months. In last September, Kejriwal was served a notice for making \"derogatory\" remarks against MPs during Hazare's agitation in the Ramlila Maidan in August, 2011.In his notice, Verma has mentioned Kejriwal's speech in a rally in Ghaziabad in which he had called MPs \"rapists, murderers and looters\", evoking sharp reactions from politicians.\"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them. In this Parliament, rapists are sitting, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by Parliament? How can you expect that you can get reprieve from poverty and corruption,\" Kejriwal had said.Reacting to the notice, a belligerent Kejriwal tweeted, ``Can u trust country in the hands of such people, even if they are accused? I am scared, I won't have the courage to do that....Raja indulges in corruption. When I say he is corrupt, they say I insulted Parl (sic).''He added, \"Did Party High Commands of various parties who gave them tkts insult Parl or did I insult Parl? I'm asked- charges not proved against them yet? My response-charges will never be proved. They will never make speedy criminal justice system....set up fast track courts. Do all pending cases against MPs n MLAs in 6 months. Let them sit in Parl only after being cleared from courts.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310634", "title": "Born without arms, gutsy teen takes higher secondary exams", "text": "MUMBAI: Scoring a 50% in the SSC exams sounds like a mere number to most, but for 18-year-old Nadeem Shaikh and his family, it means a lot. Born without his arms, Nadeem could have easily used his handicap as an excuse to get away from studies. Instead, he chose to not only dutifully attend school and college regularly, but also managed to appear for both his SSC and HSC board exams.What's more surprising was that Nadeem appeared for his exams without the help of a writer; he writes with his foot. \"I started practising to write with my foot and soon, I was comfortable writing this way,\" said Nadeem, who is appearing for his HSC exams as a Minimum Competency Vocational Courses candidate.A student of Ismail Yusuf College in Jogeshwari, Nadeem enjoys attending college. \"My friends are always around in case I need any help and even the professors are very helpful,\" he said. Youngest among six siblings, Nadeem claims he is lucky to have a family that supports his decisions. \"I hope I score better than what I did in SSC so that I can make my family proud,\" he said.The teachers at Nadeem's exam centre are impressed by the boy's determination. \"I was amazed to see him write his papers using his feet with so much ease,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family High School in Andheri (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12320111", "title": "Nagaland faces power deficit of 30-50 MW", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland has an electricity deficit between 30 to 50 MW, state power minister Doshehe Y Sema said on Friday in reply to a starred question on power requirement in the assembly. In a written reply to a starred question by I Imkong, the minister said that the present power requirement in Nagaland is 80-110 MW during peak hours (5pm to 10pm) and 60-70 MW in off-peak hours. He added that the availability of power during monsoons is 60-90 MW, while the number falls to 30-60 MW in dry seasons.The minister said that steps taken by the government to augment power resources included the construction of Lang Mini Hydro Electric Project (MHEP) to be commissioned by 2012 and the Tehok MHEP which will be in 2012-13, while an additional 27 MW will be generated by the Pallatana Gas Power Station during 2012-13.He added that efforts have also been made to strengthen the power transmission and distribution infrastructures.Meanwhile, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said in his budget speech on Thursday that efforts are being made to enhance the power-generation potential of the state. He also announced an allocation of Rs.65.6 crore to the power department for completion of the Lang and Tehok MHEP, modernization of sub-stations, strengthening the transmission and distribution systems, repair of transformers and for communitization. The government is taking up a comprehensive transmission and distribution plan by end of the 12th plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12314916", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Service tax exemption to leave advertisers with surplus funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Service tax exemption on advertising on media platforms, excluding TV and radio, could result in availability of up to Rs 1,500 crore more to advertisers for spending on campaigns, according to industry experts.\"Given that marketing budgets of companies always take into account the service tax component, now there will be more money available to be spent on media other than TV and radio (which are not exempt from service tax),\" ZenithOptimedia Managing Partner Navin Khemka said.According to him, the total annual advertising spend in India is currently estimated at USD 5 billion (around Rs 26,000 crore), of which around 45 per cent is spent on television and radio.\"Now if other advertising media (like print, outdoor, digital) are exempt for service tax, around Rs 1,500 crore, which was earlier spent on service tax by marketers will now benefit advertising and media planning companies,\" he added.In the Budget for 2012-13 Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee announced that \"selling of space or time slots for advertisements other than advertisements broadcast by radio or television\" will come in negative list and will be exempt from 12 per cent service tax.\"It is a good news for growing sectors like outdoor and digital. The service tax exemption would ultimately benefit the advertisers who spend a lot on outdoor and Internet,\" Madison World Chairman and Managing Director Sam Balsara said.According to the 'Pitch Madison Media Ad Outlook 2012' (PMMAO) report the Indian media advertising industry has been pegged at Rs 25,594 crore in 2011.Commenting on the impact of the Budget proposals on media and entertainment sector, KPMG Partner Himanshu Parekh said: \"Earlier advertising in print was only exempt from service tax, while TV and radio were not exempt. Now even other media like outdoor and digital are exempt.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12485464", "title": "A sequel to A Film by Aravind", "text": "Sequels of Telugu films have rarely done well but director Sekhar Suri is hoping that his film will prove to be the game changer. He is all set to make a sequel to his 2008 suspense thriller A Film by Aravind. Titled Aravind-2, the film was launched on Saturday. Except for Rishi who acted in the original the film has a new star cast. Sri, who shot to fame with the recently released Ee Rojullo is cast in the lead along with Srinivas Avasarala. Popular radio jockey Adonica is all set to make her Tollywood debut, playing the female lead in the movie. G Phanindra is producing the movie under the Sri Vijaybheri Creations banner. Touted to be a psychological thriller, the film is expected to start rolling in the second week of April. Director Sekhar is confident that the sequel will also turn out to be a big success. Time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310889", "title": "Old city residents meet CM, demand Metro connectivity", "text": "GURGAON: The demand for Metro connectivity in the old city got a boost on Saturday when local representatives met chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.\"The meeting was fruitful and the chief minister patiently listened to our demands. He has assured us that he will look into the matter,\" said Amit Arora, a member of Metro Lao Samiti.The district administration recently decided to conduct an aerial survey of the old city to explore the tentative routes. In the past, DMRC officials had indicated that diversion in the proposed IFFCO-IGI Airport route can only be considered if the Haryana government raises the demand. \"A separate line connecting the old city to the proposed IFFCO link is a good option. It would benefit thousands of residents who otherwise can't access Metro,\" said Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12312559", "title": "Experts find link between TB and diabetes", "text": "CHENNAI: People with tuberculosis have high chances of becoming diabetic, just as people with diabetes are at a higher risk of contracting tuberculosis, experts said here on Saturday. Ahead of the DRC Gold Medal Oration 2011 organised by MV Hospital for Diabetes, WHO department of chronic diseases and health promotion responsible officer Dr Gojka Roglic said with 61.3 million diabetics, India has the second largest population of diabetics after China, where there are 90 million diabetics.\"Diabetes is a silent killer. More deaths occur due to diabetes than HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis combined,\" she said. The MV Hospital for diabetes, in a study yet to be published, had found that nearly 25% of TB patients enrolled under the revised national tuberculosis control programme in Tamil Nadu were diabetic. The research team had screened tuberculosis units in urban, semi-urban and rural areas of the state.The government of Kerala had also found high prevalence of diabetes in TB patients. When data from two states were published before the officers in charge of the national tuberculosis programme, officials had ordered a bi-direction study where doctors will screen diabetics for TB and TB patients for diabetes. In Chennai, two centres - Sri Ramachandra University and MV Hospital for Diabetes - will do the screening, said diabetologist Dr Vijay Vishwanathan.Earlier, the hospital honoured Dr Ramchandra Dattatraya Lele, former medical director of Jaslok Hospital, Mumbai for his services in teaching and medical care. British deputy high commissioner Mike Nithavrianakis gave away the award. Dr Anoop Misra, who delivered the oration, said most of the research done in India with respect to diabetes are cross-sectional, epidemiological, descriptive statistics or anecdotal. \"Interventions for prevention of diabetes with diet, exercise and metformin have been demonstrated in western countries and in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12311486", "title": "3-day drama fest at Khagaul from March 26", "text": "PATNA: Sootradhar, a cultural organization, will hold a three-day drama festival at N C Ghosh Institute in Khagaul from March 26 to 28. The education department, Bihar, has provided Rs 1 lakh to Sootradhar for organizing the festival as a part of Bihar centenary celebrations, its secretary Nawab Alam said.Altogether six plays would be staged by five groups from Khagaul and one from Patna, he said. A six-member committee, headed by noted artiste Ajit Ganguly, has been formed to adjudge the best play and performance during the festival. The participating teams would be given awards, certificates and mementos. The awards and mementos would be given in the memory of noted artiste R P Verma 'Tarun', who died at Khagaul recently, Alam said. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312204", "title": "India Against Corruption to protest against Sajjan Singh", "text": "INDORE: Members of India Against Corruption (IAC) stage a protest against Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma on Sunday afternoon for serving privilege notice against team Anna member Arvind Kejariwal.Coordinator of IAC Prahalad Pandey said that they would protest against Verma in front of his house and challenged him to issue privilege notice against them as well. It is a democratic country and everyone has the right to speak, he says. If politician can level charges and then why can't a common man, he asked.\"It is very difficult to file FIR against political leader. Even if a case is got registered, it will take decades for the judgment to come,\" said Pandey adding that government should set up fast track court for dealing with cases related to politicians to dispose such cases in the shortest span of time.Congress MP from Dewas Sajjan Singh Verma had served a privilege notice against Kejriwal for calling MPs 'rapists, murders and looter' during an election campaign rally in Ghaziabad last month.In the notice, Verma mentioned the speech of Kejriwal in which he had said, \"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them. In this Parliament, rapists, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by the Parliament? How can you expect that you can get reprieve from poverty and corruption.\" Kejriwal had given this speech on February 25.After receiving notice from Verma, the Lok Sabha secretariat sought reply from Kejriwal. This is the second time in the last seven months when privilege notice has been served on Kejriwal. A notice was served on Kejriwal in September 2011 for making derogatory remarks against parliamentarians during Anna Hazare's agitation at Ramlila Maidan in August last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312552", "title": "Gujarat high court joins search for Gujarat's missing kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police officials like to act in property disputes, but in cases of atrocities against simple people, particularly dalits and missing children, they discourage complainants from even registering an FIR. This rather harsh indictment of the state cops has come from the Gujarat high court in a case of a dalit woman from Amreli, Gangaben Bagda, whose 22-year-old son has been missing since 2009.In his order, Justice Anant Dave has asked the director general of police (DGP) to explain the issue of missing people. He has also asked if a special task force (STF) had been constituted in the state to track down such people since \"...the life of a citizen is guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution Of India and the state is duty-bound to protect the life of the citizen.\"The order seems to have hit home as DGP Chittranjan Singh announced a slew of measures on Friday to strengthen the search and rescue system in the state. For starters, police sub inspectors and not constables will be the primary investigators in cases of missing people.\"All police commissioners and district superintendents of police have been asked to review cases of missing people on a regular basis and report back to CID (crime) officials and me,\" Singh said.Times ViewNow that the police has woken up to missing children, officials should ensure that the search begins at once. At present, at least a fortnight passes between cops taking cognizance of the case and sending the details to the special missing person's cell in the CID (crime). Imagine the agony of a mother who has no clue where her child is and finds that the cops couldn't care less. One hopes that the court's harsh words instill some empathy in police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312095", "title": "National Environment Engineering Research Institute to help in setting up clusters", "text": "The MSME is roping in various scientific institutions and universities in the country to promote and support innovations in different clusters. The National Environment Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) is one of the institutes in this network. It would be acting as a catalyst in promoting innovations in the two clusters.Neeri director Satish Wate told TOI that the Council of Scientific Industrial Research (CSIR), the parent body of government research laboratories like Neeri in the country, entered into an memorandum of understanding with the National Innovation Council (NIC) headed by Sam Pitroda on November 16 last year to develop cluster innovation centres (CIC) in partnership to support MSME in the initiative.\"Neeri, like all other R&D; institutions involved in the process, is expected to provide technological interventions/innovations by helping the cluster in minimizing and utilization of waste, reduction in input material, energy efficiency, developing newer business and financial models for higher productivity and profitability,\" said PS Dutta, the head of business management division of Neeri.The basic idea of involving big R&D; institutions through NIC is to help the MSME in providing solutions to the existing problems in both product development using existing technologies as well as improvising the products with new science and technology.The institute would be assisting the clusters not just in technological innovations. It would also be involving students from specialized institutions, mainly engineering colleges, to act as link between the two fronts. This will generate interest in students in innovations. Neeri will provide mentors to these students from its scientific staff and collaborate in the design and development of innovation toolkit, innovation portal and their components for these clusters.MSME has already identified the Rajiv Gandhi Engineering College for fly ash cluster and Government Polytechnic College as the supporting institutions in the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312627", "title": "Hostel food leaves 40 ill", "text": "MUMBAI: Forty students of Nettur Technical Trading Foundation (NTTF) at Murbad, in Thane district fell ill due to food poisoning on Friday. Nearly 27 students are still in hospital.\"After waking up, I started feeling unwell and mycondition deteriorated in the afternoon ,\" said Saurav Patil, a first-year student in the mechatronics course.Rahul Muley , section incharge of the NTTF hostel, refusedtocomment,claiming that he was busy with the hospitalization of students.The Murbad police are recording statements of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12320086", "title": "112 killed in factional clashes in four years", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland home minister Imkong L Imchen said a total of 112 persons were killed in factional clashes from 2008 to February 2012.In reply to opposition leader Tokheho Yepthomi and MLA K V Pusa, Imchen during question hour on Saturday said out of the 112 killed, 88 persons were killed in 2008, two in 2009, three in 2010, eight in 2011 and eleven persons till February 2012. Imchen also furnished names of those killed in the various clashes. The minister added two civilians had also been killed in the factional clashes.Yepthomi impressed upon the DAN government to seriously look into the spurt of killings taking place in the state and take stock of the situation. He cited recent incidents of killings that took place during the budget session, where three were killed in Mon on Thursday and one was killed and another injured on Saturday inside the Naga Hospital in Kohima. \"The ongoing killings are a matter of serious concern and the government must take stock of the prevailing situation in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312479", "title": "Eight more arrested for murder of Feroz Bangali gang member", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police on Saturday evening arrested eight more suspects in the murder case of Anwar Rahim Shaikh alias Nava (47), a criminal on police record, and a member of the late Feroz Bangali gang.Shaikh, a resident of Mithanagar in Kondhwa, was shot dead near Jyoti restaurant in Kondhwa on March 13 around 11 pm. The police said he was killed to allegedly avenge the murder of gangster Wasim Rafique Shaikh alias Khada Wasim of Kondhwa in 2011.Shaikh, one of the main suspects in Khada's murder, was absconding. He had later obtained interim anticipatory bail from the district and sessions court here.A police team under the guidance of senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis arrested the suspects from their hideout at Katraj, following a tip off. Hasabnis said the suspects were involved in a criminal conspiracy for executing Shaikh's murder.Hasabnis identified the arrested suspects as Nadir Sayyed (34), Khalid Sundke (24), Afzal Sayyed (25), Farman Shaha (25), Shahnawaz Shaikh (24), Guddu alias Mohsin Shaikh (23), Imran Shaikh (23) and Atul Pawar (25). The police had earlier arrested Anwar Badruddin Shaikh (50) of Kondhwa.Shaikh and his wife Parveen (47) were travelling in a santro car MH12/DE/8988when the suspects chased them in a car and a motorcycle, intercepted the vehicle and opened fire. They also attacked him with sharp weapons and damaged his vehicle. tnnwith two heavy stonesShaikh had 27 cases registered against him with various police stations in the city between 1978 and 2011.He was acquitted in some of the cases while the remaining cases are pending before the courts. Khada is a criminal on record of Kondhwa police.Police suspect that Shaikh was killed by the rival gang members led by Khada due to enimical relations out of fear that Shaikh may get rid of them for gaining supremacy in Kondhwa.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315567", "title": "Down memory lane", "text": "We all know how stars of yesteryears shared a great rapport. Even lead actors had no inhibitions picking a multi-starrer projects.Competition did exist then, it was definitely a healthy one! Remember what a wonderful jodi Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor made? Looks like they shared some good times working together for Big B says so on twitter.March 18 is veteran actors Shashi Kapoor's birthday and the Shahenshah of Bollywood wrote on his twitter page \"Shashi ji' s birthday today .. spent some of the most wonderful moments in films we did together .. good health and happiness to him!\" Should we say how thoughtful and naaice! That must make Shashi Kapoor's day even more special. We too wish you a very Happy birthday!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311190", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation starts levying 2% interest on property tax", "text": "NAGPUR: With the municipal elections over, citizens have been asked to pay the property tax along with 2% interest. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari has urged the citizens to pay interest under protest.After reviewing revenue earned in current fiscal, Tiwari said, elections had affected the revenue of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). \"Citizens are not paying arrears of property tax after the resolution passed in the general body requesting the state government to suspend levy of 2% interest on delayed payment of property tax. Penalty is must to ensure timely payment of property tax and also recovery of arrears. But 2% interest per month is not acceptable. Besides, the interest has been levied after December 31 whereas the tax may be paid on or before March 31. I appeal to the citizens to pay interest under protest and I will make efforts to suspend the 2% interest. A delegation of ruling party and opposition group will meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and ensure the interest charged is refunded,\" he said.NMC had issued property tax demand notes amounting to Rs 180 crore. The current collection of property tax stands at Rs 92 crore while arrears are Rs 88 crore. To recover the arrears, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal introduced the interest system. BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi had strongly protested the move and had promised to have it suspended. The ruling party also delayed implementation of ready reckoner-based property tax thus creating obstacles in revenue collection.Now, NMC may not even touch last fiscal's revenue figure of Rs 807.79 crore. The revenue this year is less under all heads except octroi. The revenue from octroi as on March 16 is Rs 416.29 crore against last year's figure of Rs 345.98 crore. The target set in the budget was Rs 465 crore and Tiwari hoped to touch Rs 450 crore. The revenue from property tax as on March 14 is Rs 104.80 crore against last fiscal's Rs 117.98 crore. The target is Rs 175 crore. The target from water tax Rs 140 crore seems to be a distant dream.With just 15 days remaining in current fiscal, Tiwari suggested a few plans to recover as much revenue as possible. \"Standing committee suggested Increase in number of flying squads to check octroi evasion. The committee will chalk out a plan for increasing the revenue right from beginning in next fiscal. Accountability of every official will be fixed. Several things are not followed at NMC. Municipal commissioner has to send a quarterly report to the Government but that too is not followed. Top priority will be given for improving sewage system and proposal is estimated at about Rs 1,500 crore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311835", "title": "'Underweight too thinks they are heavy'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought that girls with absolutely normal body weight are a happy lot, sample this. Over 60% female students in city, between the age group of 18-24 years, who have a perfect body weight, are too conscious about it and think they are heavy.This despite the fact that 16% respondents were underweight and 54% had normal weight. In fact, only 28% females were overweight and 2% obese, who actually needed to worry about how to lose weight.A study was conducted by Panjab Universitys Centre for Public Health, on 100 such females, of which 50 were between 18-24 years age bracket.More interesting figures revealed that 42% females applied weight loss tactics under peer pressure. For 36% of them, their parents nagged them to reduce weight.Moreover, most these young women thought that dieting was the best way to reduce weight and very few of them actually believed in working out to shed those extra kilos. Out of the total respondents, 70% used dieting to cut down their body weight, while only 10% exercised.Our study was about weight loss perception among young females. In our culture there is emphasis on weight as measure of a womans worth so, females are very concerned about body weight and give a lot of importance to their appearance. So, intentional weight loss is one of the most common health-related practices among them, said Ruchi Sharma, a member of research team.The pilot study was jointly conducted by Ruchi and Yuvraj Narang along with their faculty member B K Nair and presented in the recently-concluded Chandigarh Science Congress at PU.Through our questionnaire we were focusing on finding out their weight perception, life style, dietary habits, consciousness for body shape and physical activity, added Ruchi.The researchers noted their daily calorie requirement on basis of height and lifestyle and then their recommended dietary intake was calculated and compared with recall of calorie intake on the previous day. Respondents, who were classified according to Body mass Index (BMI), were then questioned if they were using any weight control methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312281", "title": "Ex-Geological Survey of India official feted", "text": "BHOPAL: Former deputy director of Geological Survey of India (GSI) Dr RN Mishra was feted with life time achievement award for his contribution in the field at a seminar organized here on Saturday.The seminar on 'Sustainable development of India's mineral resources: problems and prospects' was held at Barkatullah University here. BU's Department of Earth Sciences and South Asian Association of Economic Geologists organised the seminar.Dr PSN Murthy, ex-general manager of the National Mining Development Corporation Limited inaugurated the seminar, stated a release. Speaking on the occasion, Dr Murthy highlighted the schemes running by the government on mining activities.The deliberations focused on new national mineral policy 2008 and draft Mine and Minerals Act 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310981", "title": "284 cadets from OTA set to join army", "text": "CHENNAI: A total of 284 lady and gentleman cadets passed out in a glittering ceremony at the Officers Training Academy ( OTA) in Chennai on Saturday. This marks the culmination of their course and qualifies them to join the army.Five of the 27 South Indian cadets to pass out were from Tamil Nadu. The batch included 89 women and 16 foreign cadets from Afghanistan and Lesotho in the age group of 21-27. The cadets, hailing from diverse professional backgrounds, including engineering (138) and law (11), will now be posted in operational units in different parts of the country.They will also be awarded a postgraduate diploma in defence and strategic studies by the University of Madras. The parade was reviewed by General Batoo Tshering, the chief operations officer of the Royal Army of Bhutan, who is also an alumnus of the Indian Military Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310518", "title": "High court notice to Centre, state on trafficking", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has issued notices to the Union and state governments on a petition urging direction for setting up of anti-trafficking cells to rescue and rehabilitate cross-border trafficking victims.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi on Friday was hearing a petition, filed by NGO India Centre for Human Rights and Law with support from Maiti-a Nepali organization working against cross-border trafficking, stating that women from Nepal and Bangladesh are trafficked via India to other countries.The plea said the women are apprehended at Mumbai airport and charged for possessing fake passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12310855", "title": "Roads being earmarked for lane driving", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh engineering department has started earmarking city roads to implement lane driving norms according to which heavy and emergency vehicles will ply on the left side, autorickshaws and two-wheelers will be on the middle lane and fast-moving vehicles will ply on the right side.Chandigarh administration stated this through an affidavit before Justice Rajive Bhalla of Punjab and Haryana high court during the resumed hearing of an on-going petition on implementation of traffic regulations in city.Counsel for Chandigarh administration also submitted that signboards informing different lanes have been installed on Jan Marg.Justice Bhalla asked the traffic police to inform the court how it would ensure the implementation of lane driving norms and the steps prepared for its strict implementation.On March 3, the HC had asked Chandigarh administration to file its reply on why its order on implementing lane driving norms and putting signboards had not been followed.The matter came before the bench during the hearing of a petition filed on the issue of traffic regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12310324", "title": "Priyanka Gandhi, kids at Shimla retreat", "text": "SHIMLA: After facing the heat and dust in Uttar Pradesh, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, along with her two children, flew to Shimla on Saturday in a private helicopter.According to sources, her chopper landed at Kalyani helipad at Chharabra, near the place where she's building a vacation home, around 11.30am. This is Priyanka's first visit to Shimla after the recently held assembly polls in five states.\"From the helipad she drove straightaway to a hotel in Shimla where she is staying,\" a source said.Last year in August, Priyanka's dream home was razed after she found that its architecture was not in tune with the structures existing in the hills.Under Section 118 of the Himachal Pradesh Tenancy and Land Reforms Act, people from outside Himachal Pradesh cannot buy land in the state. Priyanka was granted special relaxation by the then Congress government to buy land in the high security area in Chharabra that is located close to The Retreat, summer holiday resort of the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311371", "title": "Rajasthan likely to miss development goals deadline: Report", "text": "JAIPUR: One out of two children in the poorest households of the state are underweight and among the SC and ST families, more than two out of five kids are undernourished, painting a grim picture of the state's development. Performances of the state in other indicators set under the millennium development goals (MDG) too are quite alarming.Figures made public at a seminar 'MDG in 12th Plan of Rajasthan: Integrated and futuristic approach' organized by the state planning board, Rajasthan, and UNICEF on Saturday, hint that state is likely to miss the deadline of 2015 to achieve the MGD targets. The targets under the MDG are a series of goals set by 189 countries to fight poverty, literacy, maternal and child health and basic amenities among others.India which is also a member country has been making a slow progress and Rajasthan's performance is even slower than the national rate. \"As per India's report of 2011, there would be at least 370 million people below the official poverty line in India by 2015 of which around 21 million would be from Rajasthan,\" said K D Maiti of UNICEF.The underweight children below three years in 2015 will be 25 million in the state. Unsafe drinking water, unhygienic living condition, dairrhoea and lack of medical facilities are attributed for such numbers by experts. Similarly, the rate of decline of poverty in Rajasthan is estimated to be 0.4 %, lower than the growth of population which will stand at 1.7 %.On the education front too, Rajasthan is not performing well. Net enrollment ratio (NER) for Rajasthan in 2009-10 is 90 %, with an average increase of almost 2.5 percentage points every year. But data collected by the district level household and facility survey indicate that only few of those enrolled complete even five years of their education. In rural areas only 28% and in urban household 27.5 % children attend school for not more than five years.\"There is a disconnect between the economic progress and the social progress. Our growth is abysmally slow in social indicators though we are striding fast on the economic field. If India needs to achieve the goals, Rajasthan will need to perform better,\" said TCA Anant, secretary, ministry of statistics and programme implementation.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who inaugurated the seminar said, \"People living below poverty line in the state have reduced and there is lot of improvement in the standard of living because of the social welfare schemes initiated by the government. But we are committed to more and the coming budget will stressed on social uplift.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312099", "title": "Research Designs and Standards Organisation conducts test of new rail coaches", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) conducted a crash test of the crashworthy LHB prototype general class coach on Friday in RDSO complex to ascertain the efficiency of the crashworthy design of upgraded LHB coaches.The carriage directorate of Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) has developed crashworthy design of LHB coach which has shear back draft gear design with an energy absorbing element in the draft pocket to provide the first level of crash energy management and crumple zone at the coach end to protect occupant compartments and in order to meet international benchmark for structural design of coach to reduce the consequences of collision accident and provide passive safety to passengers.After the crash test, it was noticed that there was no deformation in the passenger area and damage to the coach was limited to its end only.The result of the crash test has been found to be in confirmation with the designed behaviour of the crashworthy coach predicted through simulation.The carriage directorate of RDSO has developed crashworthy design of LHB coach which has shear back draft gear design with an energy absorbing element in the draft pocket to provide the first level of crash energy management and crumple zone at the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312247", "title": "Shoeshine boy thrashed by guard outside Dilli Haat", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old shoeshine boy was allegedly thrashed by a guard at Dilli Haat on Saturday evening.His scarred back and blood spurting out of injuries on his head bore testimony to the vicious nature of the assault. He was rushed to a hospital by another guard. Police and child helpline representatives reached the Dilli Haat soon after, sources said.The victim was treated for his injuries at the hospital . However, his back still hurts while walking, the boy said. \"I was eating on the pavement where visitors to the Dilli Haat sit and have ice-cream or tea. Suddenly the guard came and started hurling abuses. He assaulted me with a stick, inflicting injuries on my back and head. The ordeal did not end there. He pushed me so hard that I fell,\" he said.There are around nine to ten shoeshine boys who daily work at Dilli Haat. On weekends they take tuitions from Ahwaan volunteers, a child rights' organization. When they saw the boy being thrashed by the guard, they called Ritesh Sharma from Ahwaan for help. \"I rushed to Dilli Haat and called child helpline. The police also reached the spot. We have been working with these children for a long time. They belong to poor families and most of them work here as shoeshine boys,\" Sharma said.But the staff and other guards had a different version of the incident. While the guard who hit the boy was absconding, Hari Kishore Singh, another guard, said: \"He was disturbing the foreigners sitting on the pavement. That is why we had to chase him away. He was assaulted by another guard, who is now absconding ,\" he said.Another guard at Dilli Haat, on condition of anonymity , said the boys allegedly steal from visitors and were addicted to sniffing whitener. Sharma, however, said the boys were earlier addicted to whiteners but have undergone rehabilitation.The victim's mother is a domestic help earning about Rs 1500 a month. His father passed away when he was young. His two siblings double as shoeshine boys and play drums at weddings to eke out a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310857", "title": "Slashed Employees Provident Fund rates come as rude shock", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Employees Provident Fund Organisation's decision to slash the interest rates to 8.25% for the current fiscal has not gone down well with city residents.CM Kutikrishnan, a retired air force officer and now working with a private company was planning to contribute additional amount from his salary towards EPF for the coming fiscal year. However, he changed his decision after the announcement.Employees working with organisations in the city are in a dilemma regarding investments in EPF.\"It was the interest rates which pulled the employees to invest more money into the provident funds. Besides it was safer and it was seen as a security for future with better returns,\" he said.Moreover, several banks are paying better returns and that might lead the people to think twice before putting their money into EPF, Kutykrishnan noted. He further said that his plans to invest the money in the Public Provident Fund have also changed for the fear of interest rates being slashed.\"Instead I would take a risk and invest my money in mutual funds, where at least I can expect a better return, he said.R Rajaram, working in a software company, says \"the best thing about EPF was that it was deducted every month from you salary, without your bothering about it. The money was saved in your deposit. Along with the contribution from employer the interest increased your amount, but this will not remain the same.\"\"It will hit the employees who are earning less,\" said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital. Many people use the deposit for their futures needs; however the move will reduce their savings.Only the employer would be befitted now as he would have to contribute less, while the employees would suffer, he complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312497", "title": "Plan to make hill stations garbage-free", "text": "PUNE: If all goes as planned, state's popular hill stations - Matheran, Panchgani and Mahabaleshwar - will be zero-garbage destinations within a year.The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has sought funds from the Union government to initiate a project which will render the existence of a dumping ground at the three places redundant.The project is inspired by the Katraj zero garbage ward project, which was implemented in the city last year, and is based on using garbage to generate electricity. The estimated cost of the project in Matheran and Mahabaleshwar is approximately Rs 2 crore each.MTDC general manager Kishori Gadre said, \"We have roped in Pune-based NGO Janwani, which implemented a zero-garbage concept in Katraj with help from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The NGO will undertake a study of the spots and come up with a feasible proposal. The zero-garbage concept is based on putting garbage to good use and turning it into a resource.\"Gadre said the pilot project will be taken to other destinations in the state after its results at the three destinations. \"Dumping of garbage, covering it and transporting it from place to place are environmentally hazardous. In addition, mixed garbage is always hazardous in nature. Thus, the idea is to segregate garbage at source, with an active participation from those who create garbage: residents, hotels and the like. Wet garbage can then be converted into various forms such as compost, biogas or pellets for fuel,\" she said.Gadre said that plastic from the segregated dry garbage can be converted into plastic granules and boards (used as low-quality ply) while the remaining plastic waste can be converted into paving blocks. \"Innovative techniques would be employed to make sure that all waste is dealt with in such ways and nothing remains that cannot be treated. In case of hitches in converting waste, we will call for funds to research more into this subject and come up with viable solutions,\" said Gadre, adding that a customized system of garbage collection will be employed to minimize mixing of garbage and making its disposal easy.Gadre said that all the three destinations are prone to load-shedding and thus, an attempt will also be made to use the waste in generating electricity. \"Many options -- in terms of what the waste will be converted into -- are available. The best option will be employed. Factors such as the amount and kind of garbage available and the requirement of a particular location will decide the kind of use the waste will be put to. The NGO will therefore study all the factors and come up with a feasible proposal,\" said Gadre.On the estimated amount needed to implement the project in all the three hill stations, Gadre said that if machines to convert the waste will have to be bought, the amount for a single destination could go up to Rs 2 crore. \"We are also trying to cover Panchgani, which will add a few more lakhs to the total expenditure. The expenses may come down if the municipal authorities of the destinations already have such machines,\" she said.Janwani will rope in the local municipal authority and local NGOs. \"A committee involving local residents will be created for implementation of the project. People's participation will spearhead the initiative.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12318153", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi to resign as rail minister, says Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four days after the rail budget, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi finally agreed to resign from his post. TMC leader Mukul Roy to replace Trivedi as rail minister. Sources within PMO said they are yet to receive any resignation letter from rail minister Dinesh Trivedi.Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi resigned on Sunday evening after speaking to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee. Trivedi had called up the Trinamool chief expressing his willingness to abide by the party's wishes and resign.Mamata Banerjee told reporters, \"Dinesh Trivedi called in. He will resign tonight.\"Said Trivedi, \"She (Mamata Banerjee) spoke to me. The TMC wants me to resign. I told her I will abide by the party and resign.\"Mamata added, \"I am going to Delhi... nothing else. Sometimes we meet in Delhi. This time Parliament is in session, so I am happy because I haven't been to Parliament for one year.\" Sources in the TMC added that Trivedi was sure to resign.Mamata Banerjee was reportedly set to arrive in Delhi on Sunday night. Sources said that the Trinamool Congress chief had sought an appointment with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to press for Trivedi's removal. Mamata is also expected to meet Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee . She had reportedly asked all her party MPs to be available in Delhi for the meet.Dinesh Trivedi had been insistent till now that he would not quit his post unless he got a written order from Mamata. He said on Sunday that the Railway Ministry could not be treated as somebody's property, although, he added that he had full regards for the Trinamool Congress supremo.Mamata was reportedly upset with the Railway Minister over the train fare hikes announced in the Rail Budget. Trivedi had reportedly not consulted the Trinamool Congress over the budget, either. The Trinamool Congress wants Mukul Roy, a close aide of Mamata, as the Railway Minister.Dinesh Trivedi will resign as railway minister, Trinamool supremo and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee announced here Sunday.\"Trivedi called me up. He has told me that he will resign. And he will stay with the party,\" Banerjee told mediapersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310887", "title": "Help us to get Nuclear plant back on track, Centre tells Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: With Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa maintaining silence on the protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project, Union shipping minister G K Vasan on Saturday demanded that the state deal with the protesters with an \"iron hand\" and help the Centre commission the much-awaited project.Speaking to mediapersons at the Congress headquarters here, Vasan said even as the Centre was taking efforts to help the state by providing electricity, a few individuals were blocking the interests of the state by holding misleading campaigns. \"No one wants the state to plunge into darkness. The state government has to assist the Centre in augmenting power supply for the state and take earnest steps in that direction\".He released a 30-minute documentary on the nuclear plant, produced by a party worker highlighting its safety features. In a veiled criticism of the state's failure to convince those opposed to the plant, Vasan said the documentary would be a lesson for them.Makkal Thalaivar Ayya G K Moopanar Peravai state president L K Venkat, who produced the documentary, said that about 5,000 CDs would be distributed in Tuticorin district alone.Meanwhile, south zone IG Rajesh Das held a meeting with senior police officials in the southern districts at Tuticorin on Friday to take stock of the situation at Kudankulam. A fortnight ago, ADGP (law and order) S George had visited Kudankulam and inspected the security arrangements in the coastal areas of Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Kanyakumari districts that are witnessing protests against the nuclear plant.Rajesh Das, who was camping in Sankarankoil, visited Tuticorin on Friday morning where he held a meeting with Tirunelveli range DIG, Tuticorin SP, intelligence officials from three districts as well as other police officials from coastal stations.Police sources said the meeting was held to review security measures, law and order situation and to assess if additional deployment of police personnel was required at Kudankulam.Activist slaps legal notice on Congress leaderMadurai: Anti-nuclear activist S P Udayakumar on Saturday slapped a legal notice on Congress leader E V K S Elangovan . Udayakumar, who is leading the protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project, said Elangovan, during a visit to Kanyakumari, alleged that the activist had received funds from 11 countries. Terming the allegations as utter falsehood, he said Elangovan had harmed his reputation. The notice warned that if Elangovan failed to issue an apology in a Tamil newspaper within three days, appropriate civil and criminal proceedings would be initiated on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12311622", "title": "Ganga Water Rally flagged off", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Ganga Water Rally was flagged off by DG tourism Manoj Kumar Singh on Saturday at the Boat Club.Six teams -- Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh , Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh -- are taking part in the rally. The rally has been jointly organised under the aegis of state tourism department and district administration. The participants will go to Mirzapur and from Mirzapur to Chunar on the following day.The main event is slated for March 19 when the participants will take part in a boat marathon from Chunar to Varanasi. The rally will culminate with the prize distribution at Rajghat in Varanasi.Trishti Nishad and Neha Nishad won the pedal boat race while Jagriti Gupta and Shikha bagged the second place, Taruna Nishad and Kirti Nishad secured the third place. To promote local boatmen, a traditional boat race was also held. Arun Kumar won the local boat competition.DM Alok Kumar honoured Rahul Kumar with a cash prize of Rs 25,000, Nitin Kumar with Rs 20,000, Taruna Nishad and Komal Nishad with Rs 15,000 and others for their outstanding show at the national level and international level.Among those present on the occasion included president Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association Major Gen GPS Bindra, general secretary, Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association, Balbir Singh, D P Singh, Tribhuvan Nishad and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12310798", "title": "Bank manager robbed of Rs 5L", "text": "NOIDA: The bank manager of a public sector bank was robbed of Rs 5 lakh by two masked youths on motorcycles while he was transporting the cash to another branch of the bank in Sector 31.\"The victim had taken out the money from the bank and was heading towards his car when the two youths robbed him. They threatened to kill him if he didn't hand over the money. The duo also shattering the car windows,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12316138", "title": "Haranath starts his next from Poila Boishak", "text": "Directed by Haranath Chakraborty's way back in 1996. Come Poila Boisahk 2012, the director is all geared to start his next film \"Chayamoy\" which will be for the children which will be based on Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay's story Chayamoy.We will be shooting in Kolkata and Bolpur. Why a children's film after such a long time, we ask the director? \" I love to direct films for the children as they are the most neglected lot when it comes to entertainment. Video games and cartoons are their only source of entertainment. They have forgot to laugh at simple things of life. I hope this film brings back laughter in their stressful lives.I prefer to call this a 'family entertainer' where each and every member will enjoy it as a child alone can't go to the theatre to watch a film- so that increases the business also. Added to that there is ghosts too in this film,\" he smiled. Dipankar De, Sabyasachi Charabarty, Gaurav Charabarty, Paran Banerjee, Debesh Roy Chowdhury, Rajesh Sharma are part of the cast.Talking about the cast Haranath added, \"I feel Dipankar De, Paran Banerjee , Sabyasachi Charabarty are all brilliant actors. And this film is completely acting oriented. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12310651", "title": "Provide alternatives first: Sec 17 traders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The traders of Sector 17 demanded a feasible alternative arrangement for the daily visitors to the market before the sector is made vehicle free. They met municipal commissioner to raise the issue on Friday.Chandigarh municipal corporation on Friday had asked UT to consult businessmen and traders of Sector 17 before deciding on the issue of making Sector 17 a no-vehicle zone.Sector 17 businessmen say people would prefer to go to malls and other markets if they face difficulty walking to the market in the absence of parking lots.General secretary of Sector 17 traders association J P S Kalra said, vehicle free zone is not feasible in present circumstances. Unless an alternative arrangement is made to park the vehicles nearby, this decision will prove costly to the traders. The underground parking lots in Sector 17 could be a feasible alternative. These have been unused since their construction.Executive member of business promotion council of Sector 17 Neeraj Bajaj said, Many tourists and city residents come to sector 17 for shopping and recreation. But, if they do not get a proper parking place near the market, they wouldnt choose to come here.Municipal councillor Subash Chawla, a member of MCs finance and contract committee, said UT must hear the plea and suggestions of the traders. As Punjab and Haryana high court has asked UT to file their reply on making Sector 17 a vehicle free zone, UT is gathering optimum options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12310949", "title": "Power shutdown today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Power supply will be suspended in the areas under the Madhampatty sub station on Sunday and Thursday from 8am to 6pm.The areas include Madhampatty, Kuppanur, Karadimadai, Sennannur, Alandurai, Semmedu, Poondi, Siruvani, Sundapalayam, Kulathupalayam, Dhaliyur, Perur, Theethipalayam, Kalampalayam, Iruttupalayam, Perur-Chettipalayam, Goundanur and Kalikanaickenpalayam.Power supply will be suspended in the areas under the Devarayapuram sub station on Sunday and Thursday from 8am to 6pm.The areas which will have power cuts include Thondamuthur, Puthur, Booluvampatty, Viraliyur, Jackeernaickenpalayam, Muthipalayam, Thennamanallur, Naraseepuram, Kaliyannanpudur, Devarayapuram, and Kembanoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12310650", "title": "Noida CEO shifted, no posting yet", "text": "LUCKNOW: The process of shifting officials continued on Saturday, with the Uttar Pradesh government removing the chief executive officer of Noida, S K Dwivedi.Two days ago, after Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in as chief minister, transfer orders were served on many senior officials. They included R M Srivastava, who has been made principal secretary (home), and Anita Singh, who has become secretary to Yadav.While Dwivedi has been kept in waiting, Lucknow DIG D K Thakur, who was also shifted on Saturday, has been sent to RTC, Chunar, in Mirzapur in the same capacity. He replaces Jasveer Singh, who has been brought to the DGP headquarters in Lucknow. Others included SP (city), Meerut, B P Ashok, who has also been sent to RTC Chunar. He will replace Vijay Yadav, who will be part of the DGP headquarters.The move didn't come as a surprise at least in the case of the DIG Lucknow and the Meerut SP as it was exactly a year ago that DIG Thakur was photographed as kicking a Samajwadi Party worker right in front of the Vidhan Sabha. Ashok, as SP of Lucknow east, was accused by SP leaders of manhandling Akhilesh at Amausi airport in Lucknow during a SP agitation in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chaibasa (jharkhand)", "code": "12310190", "title": "Maoist eye on girls trained by CRPF", "text": "CHAIBASA (Jharkhand): The Saranda forest area in Jharkhand's West Singbhum gets very quiet at night. Sometimes the silence is broken by the rustle of dry leaves crushed under the stealthy footsteps of Maoists. It was this sound that terrified S Guria's father - because when the twigs cracked, the sound was almost always accompanied by the urgent voices of rebels looking for young volunteers.Guria was about 14 when a group of armed men came to her house at Digha, a remote village on the fringes of the thick forest. \"They were from the jungle party (CPI-Maoist),\" she says, her tiny voice barely audible. \"They wanted me to join them.\" Her father sought time to think it over and the Maoists, as usual, promised to return soon. He knew in his heart that the men would come back to claim his girl in the name of revolution.Then one day, about three months back, something happened that changed Guria's life. The CRPF had just begun a training camp for tribal girls, something that equipped them to be guards at schools and security personnel at a clutch of private institutions, and women from Sahyog, an NGO, had come around encouraging the teenagers to join in. Guria had signed up quickly then.There was no escape, though, from fear. \"They (the Maoists) will torture my family if they know I trained with the CRPF,\" says R Kerketta, an 18-year-old girl who took the same route Guria did and now shares an identical agony. Returning to their village isn't an option. The Maoists would only be too glad to recruit trained women who can double up as cooks for them. As A Ekka, 22, who has now found a job in Ranchi with the help of the CRPF's partner NGO Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), says, \"It's safe in the city. But how long can we hide.\"The training itself has been a surprising success. There are currently 35 girls in the CRPF's Chaibasa camp, intently spending their days doing various drills and physical exercises, learning road traffic rules and elementary Hindi and English. They are also getting computer-literate and being taught how to handle money, maintain records, and get to know a bit about the law.D K Pandey, CRPF inspector-general in Jharkhand , says, \"Naxalism cannot be fought with bullets alone. So we decided to help villagers by equipping them with skills that would enable them earn a decent living.\" Project Rupantaran, adds Lal Chand Yadav, commandant, CRPF 197 Battalion, is aimed to do just that.Of course, activists like G N Saibaba of the Revolutionary Democratic Front aren't convinced. Slamming Project Rupantaran, he says, \"This is camouflage (tactic) by the security forces. The Indian state has always said something and done something else. That's why tribals rejected the Indian state. These girls are being trained for use as canon fodder. The security forces will later use them to kill other tribals.\"For the 36,500 people, mostly Ho tribals, in the 56 villages of Saranda - which is about 900 sq km of dense Sal forests in the Orissa-Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh trijunction -- the project was meant to be a balm for people caught in the crossfire between the Maoists and security forces. But they are the ones in the middle now. While the rebels allege untold human rights violation, officers, like DIG Bhanu Pratap Singh of the CRPF's Chaibasa range, say the patch was the headquarters of the Maoists' eastern regional bureau. Even Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, effusive about \"transformation\" of the militant bastion into a government showpiece, had said last October that it was after 11 years the Indian Tricolour was unfurled in Saranda.The flag has done nothing to wave away C Sundi's discomfort at her own emancipation. The 17-year-old from Tirilposhi village dropped out after class V and grew up fighting hunger and fear. \"I left hunger behind, but still carry fear,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12312512", "title": "Naxals kill farmer", "text": "GONDIA: A 50-year-old farmer in Kawalewada of Sadak-Arjuni tehsil Jagdish Walwe was killed by a group of Naxals belonging to Deori Dalam late on Thursday night. The cause of the murder, however, is yet to ascertained.On Thursday at around 11.30pm a group of Naxalites came to his house and took him along with them. As Walwe did not return, his family started to worry. After searching him for two hours, Walwe's brother Madhu found his body slashed with an axe.Villagers said that few days back a couple of Naxalites were seen in vicinity. Walwe's family denied that he had any enmity with any group or person. Superintendent of police Chandrakishore Meena said that the deceased had no Naxal links.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314428", "title": "Veena, Yaana at a lounge bar launch in Delhi", "text": "Shilpi Gupta and Rajeev Gupta planned the opening of their Studio 169 designer store and Fine dine lounge bar at Moments Mall in New Delhi in different style.It was like total Bollywood style where artist came in big limousine cars and dancers were dancing in cage made for them.Yaana Gupta was the first Bollywood guest who came to the venue .She came in red gown and changed the dress after she liked one dress at the store.She was very happy to come for this event.Other guest who came for the event were film \"JUGAAD\" Producer Sandiip Kapur, Neeraj Soni,Vishal Saxena, Harsh Mayyar child artist of film I AM ,Anamika singer who was seen after a long time after in party,Sachin Gupta new director and choreographer who planned the event with Shilpi and Rajeev Gupta.Veena Malik also came in red dress and she also changed her dress in blue gown at the store as the store different varieties of dresses.She met everyone at store and lounge bar and wished all the best to Shilpi Gupta owner of Studio 169 who was taking care of all the guest .The event went till vee hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311652", "title": "Top ranks for Punjab College of Technical Education students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Four students of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) bagged top university positions in BBA and BCA examinations of the Punjab Technical University (PTU). Having brought laurels to their institute, Neha Sharna, Alisha Korpal, Kapil Sahni and Divya Kalra shared their excitement with TOI.BCA student Neha bagged the second position in the IV semester with 91% marks. Palm Vihar resident Neha says she likes studying late night as she can concentrate better in the noise less atmosphere.''I enjoy watching TV the entire day before sitting with books in the night,'' she adds. Neha celebrated her success by throwing a grand party for her friends from the gift money she received for her achievement. ''Even my parents have promised to gift me a laptop and I hope it comes to me soon,'' she adds. Alisha Korpal followed Neha in the BCA IV semester examinations with 90% marks. BRS Nagar resident Alisha likes to organize her study schedule. With a fixed timetable, she devoted 5-6 hours to studies, half an hour for surfing net and some recreational time for cooking. ''But, my real stress buster is spending time with my parents,'' says Alisha.BBA student Kapil Sahni says it was mostly his concentration in the class that helped him score 81.55% marks in BBA II semester exams. A resident of Rajguru Nagar Kapil says apart from academics he has been active in co-curricular activities as well, such as Jam, group discussion and debate. ''It eventually improves my general knowledge. I play chess to improve my concentration and it works as a stress buster too for me,'' he adds. Divya Kalra, who travels from Moga every day to attend college, followed Kapil at the 2nd position with 80% marks in the BBA II semester exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12311727", "title": "Cops ask Parrikar government for a clean deal", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police have written to the Home department to increase the uniform washing allowance paid to police officials to 300 per month, on the pattern of the allowance paid to the nurses in the government hospitals. At the moment, policemen are paid a meager uniform washing allowance of 70.Though the washing allowance of the nurses in government hospitals was enhanced on April 13, 2011, the policemen are yet to get their enhanced pay as the former proposal sent by the police to the Home department for clearance got stuck in bureaucratic red-tapism.The Goa police staff was involved in a long struggle with the state government to ensure that their demand of increasing the washing allowance was met, but in vain. \"Every time we proposed, the Home department officials used to reject it\", said a police official. After Manohar Parrikar took charge as the chief minister, he had a meeting with chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava and DGP Kishan Kumar, during which he brought up the topic of washing allowance for the police staff. \"During the meeting, CM emphasized on the need to increase the washing allowance of policemen and asked the police department to submit a proposal on priority. Accordingly, we have submitted a fresh proposal to the Home department\", the official said.At present, the police officials from the rank of constable to police inspector are paid washing allowance of 70 per month. This is in effect from April 1, 2007, when the government issued an order in October 2007, agreeing to increase the washing allowance of policemen from 15 to 70, with effect from April 2007.On March 15, 2012, SP (headquarters) forwarded a proposal to the Home department asking them to increase the washing allowance to 300. In the proposal sent to the government, police have said that they work 24 hours facing dust, humidity and rain and due to this their uniforms get dirty faster. Also, they are expected to wear neat and clean uniforms to instill people's confidence, the proposal added.When contacted, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"the washing allowance is just 70 per month for cops. I'd like to bring it on par with nurses. This is one of the assurances I'd made in the manifesto and Iwill fulfill it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12311141", "title": "BJP set to rule Wardha zilla parishad", "text": "WARDHA: Just four days to go for Wardha Zilla Parishad president's election, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) claimed to have 25 seats in the 51 member House. On Saturday the party arrived at a post-poll coalition with Swatantra Bharat Paksh (SBP) and four independents.In a joint press conference of BJP and SBP, BJP district president Shirish Gode said, \"Four independents and three SBP members have joined our alliance. Our alliance has 25 members, which is one less than the majority. But we will manage one vote by March 21 and come to power.\"SBP president Saroj Kashikar said, \"We are supporting BJP because it stood by the farmers, while Congress introduced anti-farmer policies.\"Speculations are rife that BJP may get support from two more independent candidates or may try to woo some NCP members to show majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12312379", "title": "Painkiller abuse drills holes in teen\u2019s stomach", "text": "MUMBAI: Nikhil Thorat, a 16-year-old student, paid a heavy price for popping painkillers indiscriminately to fight severe stomach and back aches. By January, he had settled on one brand and was taking it 4-5 times a day. Last month, he landed up in hospital in debilitating pain, where doctors found perforations in his stomach, caused by drug misuse. In a complicated surgery, doctors had to use a layer of fat from his abdomen to cover the perforations.City doctors say more and more youths are self-medicating and overusing painkillers, unaware of the dangers. Depending on the kind of painkiller and the frequency of ingestion, a person's gastro-intestinal tract or organs, heart and kidney can be affected. \"Nikhil had ulcers in his stomach. The pain-killers aggravated these ulcers, which burst causing perforations,\" said Dr Ashok Borissa the gastro-intestinal surgeon from Fortis Hospital in Kalyan, where the teen was admitted.On Friday, Nikhil Thorat wrote his last paper for the Standard XII board exam. But the months leading to the exam were a nightmare as he had to undergo a major surgery when doctors literally found holes in his stomach. For a while now, Thorat had been experiencing severe stomach and back aches. But instead of consulting his family doctor, he began experimenting with over-the-counter painkillers. He finally found one that provided instant relief and by January he became \"addicted \" to the pills. \"In a week, I used to take four to five of these pills,\" he said. He turned to it every time he sensed another bout of pain threatening his stomach.Thorat, who lives in Kalyan, said he got \"addicted\" to the painkillers, without realizing the damage they were causing to his system while easing the pain. \"But last month, I got extreme pain in my stomach, so much so that I could hardly breathe and the painkiller did not help. That was when my parents took me to the hospital,\" said Thorat.When the doctors at Fortis Hospital in Kalyan examined him, they found holes in his abdomen. \"We conducted tests and found that there were perforations in the front part of his stomach and the gastric contents had entered the cavity,\" said Dr Ashok Borissa , the gastro-intestinal surgeon who treated Nikhil. \"Nikhil already had ulcers in his stomach. The consumption of pain-killers aggravated these ulcers, which ultimately burst causing perforations ,\" he added. Doctors had to pull out a fat layer from Nikhil's abdomen to cover the perforations. \"We had to put up an omental patch so that the gap was covered and no further complications would occur in the stomach,\" said Dr Borissa. Here, doctors pulled through the omentum-a fat layer of the abdomen-and fixed it to the bowel to seal the holes created by the ulcers . After two weeks in hospital, he was discharged but it took another month of rest at home before the teenager could resume normal activities.\"I could not give my preliminary exams and also lost a lot of crucial time before my board exams because of these complications . After the surgery, doctors explained to me what had happened because of my habit of taking painkillers. I have learnt my lesson. I will never pop a pill without the prescription of doctor ,\" said Thorat.It's not only adults but also teens who are guilty of popping pills indiscriminately. Often, say doctors, parents are to blame for turning a blind eye to their children's habit of self medication. \"We see more youngsters taking painkillers today. What they don't realize is that painkillers are not magic wands,\" said Dr Borissa.Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital, said: \"This happens because of easy availability of painkillers. Everybody considers themselves to be an expert on health. People end up taking drugs on an empty stomach or without a lot of water, which may lead to other problems.\"High price for instant reliefTypes of Painkillers |Analgesics work by either blocking pain signals to the brain or by interfering with those signalsNon-steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug (NSAID) |Offer relief while lowering fevers and working against inflammation. They include aspirin, ibuprofen and diclofenac. The sideeffect to NSAIDs is that they cause blood to thin and can affect clottingNon-narcotics paracetamol-based (acetaminophen) |A painkiller and fever reducer, it does not ease inflammation. It's considered a safe drug when used as per directions, but can cause liver damage when imbibed recklessly Narcotic drugs | The strongest type of painkillers, opioids affect the central nervous system and confuse signals sent to the brain. They are used mainly for post-surgical recovery in a selective manner as they are addictiveHealth hazardsGastro-intestinal tract/organs |The maximum perforations usually occur in the duodenum. The stomach and intestines can have ulcerations, perforations, bleeding and even leakage of gases in the stomach cavityKidney damage |Some painkillers are not broken by the liver or the digestive system. These are excreted through the kidney and damage it. It can cause acute renal failure and chronic kidney diseaseHeart |A few studies say that excess use of painkillers can lead to cardiac arrest. It can hamper the normal breathing process, which in turn leads to a drop in oxygen supply. This oxygen disturbs the heart rhythm. Though the heart continues to work, it does not supply enough blood to the bodyOther ProblemsConstipation |Painkillers have the ability to disturb the bowel system. If not diagnosed in time it can be very painful and lead to other complicationsDizziness |Painkillers relax the brain and cause drowsiness; this can become a permanent trait.Nausea |Some painkillers contain a dose of morphine, which is not tolerated by certain body types. This may cause temporary nausea", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12311295", "title": "Israeli writer to move Supreme Court against deportation", "text": "KOCHI: Following the Kerala high court's dismissal of British-born Israeli writer Susan Nathan's appeal against Kozhikode district collector's deportation order on Friday, the writer is planning to move the Supreme Court, her counsel told TOI.\"As the court's order is unclear whether she can stay and defend the case registered by Nadakkavu police last month, she will approach the court seeking a clarification on Monday,\" said her counsel Manjeri Sunder Raj.The Nadakkavu police had registered a case against Susan on February 27 for violating the provisions of the Foreigners Act while her appeal was pending before the high court.The writer's counsel told TOI that a clarification would be sought from the high court on Monday regarding her right to stay and defend the case.Along with the application seeking clarification, the 62-year-old writer who achieved fame through her book 'The Other Side of Israel' would file a request on Monday to suspend the division bench's order to facilitate an appeal in the Supreme Court, the counsel said.The division bench had upheld a single bench's order in March last year, which asked the collector to hear the writer's version and pass appropriate orders. In addition to asking the foreigners' registration officer, represented by the collector, to decide on the matter, the court had also asked the Central government to consider the writer's application for renewal of visa, which expired on September 16, 2010.According to the writer's counsel, the order to the collector was implemented but the directive to the Central government was not implemented. Now, the writer is planning to move a contempt of court petition against the Central government for not implementing the court's order, he said.When the case came up for hearing before the division bench, the writer's counsel had submitted to the court that she is continuing to stay in India despite her visa expiring as she wants to be in a war-free zone in the last years of her life.Susan, who migrated to Israel from England in 1999 to make aliyah - the Hebrew term for Jewish people migrating to Israel - had later highlighted the neglect and oppression faced by Israel's Arab population through her writings.The district administration of Kozhikode ordered her deportation after a translation of her book by Other Books became controversial. The deportation order was based on an intelligence report that she was in contact with Muslim extremist outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310301", "title": "Court asks NRI to pay Rs 1.5L a month to estranged wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A UK-based hotelier has been asked to pay maintenance of Rs 1.5 lakh a month to his estranged wife, who is now living in India. She had been abandoned by him in London a few months after he married her four years ago.Metropolitan magistrate Shivali Sharma also directed the NRI to pay arrears of Rs 45 lakh to his wife calculated from the date of filing of the petition by the wife in 2009. \"I have heard the submissions made on behalf of the petitoner and perused all the documents filed on record by her. From the documents, the financial status of the husband is clearly established... I hereby award maintenance of Rs 1.5 lakh a month in favour of the petitoner and against the man from the date of filing of the petition. This amount shall include maintenance for the minor child,\" the judge said. It relied on the documents submitted by the woman's counsel, Prashant Mendiratta, that showed that the man owned a hotel in London and also had other residential property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312377", "title": "Western Railway to run Bandra-Jaipur special train from April 2", "text": "INDORE: The railways has introduced a weekly train between Bhagalpur and Ajmer via Guna and Katni in Madhya Pradesh from Saturday. The Western Railway also will run a Bandra-Jaipur summer special weekly train from April 2 to reduce passenger rush during the season.The 13424 Ajmer-Bhagalpur train leaving Ajmer at 6 am will reach Chanderiya at 9.15 am and destination Bhagalpur on Sundays at 1730 hours. On return, train number 13423 will leave Bhagalpur at 1305 hours and reaches Chanderiya at 2030 hours. It will reach Ajmer at 2350 hours.The train will halt at Nasirabad, Vijaynagar, Bhilwada, Chanderiya, Kota, Guna, Katni, Satni, Mugalsarai, Patna, Chivki, Abhaipur, and Jamalpur. The train will comprise one second AC, one third AC, 10 sleeper coaches and general compartments.The Western Railway has decided to run a weekly special AC train connecting Jaipur and Bandra Terminus from April 2 to meet the increasing passenger rush during summer vacation. The train will run till June 26.Department sources said Bandra-Jaipur AC special (09033) will run every Monday. It will leave Bandra at 16.55 and reach Borivli at 17.24. At 19.13, the train will reach Vapi, at 20.42 Surat, at 22.47 Vadodara, at 02.45 Ratlam, at 5.25 Ramganj Mandi, at 6.30 Kota, at 8.27 Sawai Madhopur, and at 10.40, it will reach Jaipur via Durgapur (10.18).The Jaipur- Bandra Terminus train (09034) will run from April 3 to June 26 on every Tuesday. The train will start its journey from Jaipur at 12.00, will reach Durgapur at 12.12, at 14.35 Sawai Madhopur, at 16.10 Kota, at 17.10 Ramganj Mandi, at 21.15 Ratlam, at 02.15 Vadodara, at 04.08 Surat, 08.55 Vapi, at 8.31 Borivli, and will reach Bandra terminus at 9.20. The train will have 10 AC coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12310774", "title": "Yamuna Expressway to open in April, trial runs on", "text": "NOIDA: Dispelling fears regarding the fate of Yamuna Expressway, the developer of the project said the 165-km corridor is gearing up for a grand opening in April. Trial runs are being conducted on the much-awaited expressway, which was initially set to open in January.The return of the SP government had put the developer, Jaypee Group, in a quandary over the future of the project. However, putting an end to all speculation, officials from the group said that work on the expressway is in the final stages of completion. \"Though the deadline has repeatedly been pushed back, this time things are expected to fall in place by the scheduled date,\" said an official.At present, finishing touches are being added to the toll plazas and cloverleaves. \"We are testing the toll plazas in order to iron out any errors. Trial runs by our company officials are also being conducted regularly to take care of any shortcomings,\" added the official. \"As it is a toll road, the charges to be levied on motorists will be announced shortly,\" he added.To ensure safety of the road users, the expressway will have certain restrictions and conditions for use by motor vehicles. Officials of the Jaypee group said that since a new government has taken charge of the state, they were expecting a change of guard at Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway Authorities. \"When the new set of officials takes charge, we will meet with them to decide on the safety aspects and speed limits to be fixed for the expressway. The speed limit and restrictions will come into force once the Yamuna Expressway opens to the public,\" said a company spokesperson.To be opened two years ahead of schedule, the Rs 11,000 crore access-controlled and elevated Yamuna Expressway corridor is expected to benefit an estimated 1.2 lakh commuters heading towards Agra and beyond daily. The six-lane toll road between Greater Noida and Agra will provide commuters seamless connectivity along a six-lane main carriageway and a single-lane shoulder road. The expressway is completely concretized and has been designed for speeds up to 120kmph. Commuters using the expressway would be able to cover the distance between the two cities in merely 90 minutes.The expressway will have six interchanges and ramps. Underpasses and bridges have been built to provide connectivity to areas along the expressway. To ensure commuters' safety, CCTV cameras will be installed at regular intervals. \"Mobile radars will be used to monitor speeding. Ambulance services, petrol sheds, rest-houses and a food court are also in the offing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311363", "title": "Online typing test software breaks down, candidates fume", "text": "JAIPUR: The Poornima College of Engineering in Sitapura, which was one of the centres of Rajasthan Public Service Commission's (RPSC) lower division clerk online typing test, witnessed unruly scenes when the software for the online test developed technical problems on Saturday.Around 100 candidates came out of the centre and raised slogans against the RPSC demanding re-examination of the test as the candidates failed to appear in the test. One after another all the candidates came out of the computer room in protest.The test was scheduled in three shifts. The problem cropped up in the first shift of the test. \"I cannot type on the keyboard, which was due to a problem in the software,\" a candidate said.Soon the police also reached the venue of the test to put the situation under control.Poornima College of Engineering director Shashikant Singhi said, \"The College was just a venue of the test and there was no role of college in the test except proving the venue for the test.\"RPSC secretary K K Pathak also rushed to the spot to find out the problem. The candidates surrounded Pathak and expressed their concern about the test and failure of the software. Pathak said commission has asked the candidates to give in writing about the problem they faced.After Pathak ensured that he would take appropriate action in the matter, the candidates calmed down.The sources said the second and third shifts of the test were conducted without much difficulty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311418", "title": "Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Bhupendra Yadav to file nomination for Rajya Sabha on Monday", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP candidate for Rajya Sabha elections, Bhupendra Yadav, will file his nomination papers on Monday. Yadav's name was finalised during the party's parliamentary board meeting in New Delhi on Friday.Yadav's name came as a surprise to many within the Rajasthan BJP, as Yadav, an advocate who hails from Haryana, has been living in Delhi for years. He has not been involved at the state level though he was born in Ajmer and spent his school and college years here. \"He might be the national secretary of the party, but hardly anybody knows him here. The parliamentary board zeroing down on his name came as a surprise to many,'' said a senior office-bearer.There are many who believe that it is once again the infighting between the two camps within the state BJP that led to Yadav's name being finalised. Other names which were making rounds as the most probable candidates were that of state president Arun Chaturvedi, Mahesh Chand Sharma and Subhash Maharia. While the state president's supporters were backing him, the Vasundhara Raje camp was said to be campaigning for the other two. The party high command is said to have avoided a conflict situation and chose a third name instead.However, senior leaders from the state said that Yadav's name had been finalised after a consensus with all groups within the state unit. \"His name was in the panel of eight names which the state core committee had handed over to the parliamentary board and hence, the selection should not come as a surprise to anybody,'' said a core-committee member.State president Arun Chaturvedi denied rumors of disappointment or displeasure among party members. The name was finalised after consensus with everybody and nobody has approached me to say that the selection is unjustified,'' said Chaturvedi, saying that the state party completely supports Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312696", "title": "Storm trooper", "text": "Her sudden turns have become symbolic of the politics India takes for granted. But the fact that there is space for a Mamata Banerjee says a lot about the system that created herThis isn't the first time that Indian politics is going through the pangs of clumsy coalition management. At the core is a fundamental problem. The Congress has never really warmed up to the idea of sharing power; of having to give up control over the democratic process. True, yielding to the compelling pressures of a fractured mandate, and with considerable help from the Left parties, the Congress had cobbled together the UPA in 2004. But it had only done so grudgingly, hoping to return soon to its days of political supremacy.The present narrative of a badly mauled UPA-II , struggling to get a grip over its demanding allies, hinges on the most combative of all UPA partners - Mamata Banerjee. Banerjee, some say, is nothing but an interloper in Left politics. Having spent over three decades as a centrist politician , swerving even on occasions to the Right, Bengal's CM now firmly occupies the traditional Left's political space. But such ideological swaps are no longer a novelty in politics, especially in this era of dishevelled coalitions. These are times of free-floating ideologies, both economic and political.It's hardly then a surprise that Mamata has appropriated the Left's rhetoric while her party of the urban poor has metamorphosed into a champion of peasants, fighting forcible land acquisition. At the Centre the Trinamool has squashed a succession of policy proposals - from FDI in retail to a national centre against terrorism, and now her own party minister Dinesh Trivedi's railway budget. With the Centre now in the Trinamool's direct line of fire, federalism is moving right to the core of the national political discourse. Unlike the Left in the past, the Trinamool happens to be an integral part of the central government. It is the UPA's largest ally. But that, as Derek O'Brien repeatedly stressed during the railway budget face-off , doesn't alter his party's 'DNA' - its pro-poor politics. Given the extent of Trinamool-Congress discord, UPA's coalition politics seem destined for a messy end.Much of its fate might depend on the personality of Mamata herself. In the past as a Congress MP during Narasimha Rao's tenure, she stormed into Parliament waving a 'TATA to TADA' poster, directly defying her party. She resigned more than once from the NDA cabinet in a huff and thus marked herself as a difficult ally to do political business with.In Bengal, despite Mamata's historic triumph over the Marxist government and her sharing power with the Congress , leaders in both camps, even today, can hardly let go of an opportunity to snipe at each other. The mutual acrimony dates back to the 1970s and '80s, when Bengal's Congress leaders sharpened knives against Mamata, then in the process of emerging as CPM's real adversary . The bitter tussles , finally culminating in the founding of the Trinamool Congress , drove Mamata into sniffing a CPMCongress entente at every corner, behind every political and electoral mishap that came her way. So much so that she coined the label 'tarmuj' (watermelon), meaning 'green on the outside and red inside' to describe Congress leaders, whom she suspected to be swinging undercover deals with the CPM. In UPA-II she is operating within changed power dynamics and is more assertive than ever. But she seems to be in danger of letting go of that moment of creative political transition that was there for her to grasp in 2011. Every day of her co-existence with the UPA is throwing up a catalogue of new complaints, fresh portents of a Trinamool-Congress collision. The sense of an imminent crisis seems to have become a permanent phenomenon. How much of this can be explained by the inherently unstable nature of coalition politics? Or can the blame be squarely laid at Mamata's door?It can be argued that Mamata's combustive persona , her dictatorial authority over an amorphous party like the Trinamool, as well as her hostility for her parent party, provide a fitting backdrop to the present instability. From the decades she spent battling enemies from within and without, Mamata has developed a psyche that is deeply conspiratorial and paranoid. In her case the personal is truly the political.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312103", "title": "549 students of Technology Centre of Excellence, Ropar Campus are conferred degrees", "text": "As many as 549 students of Rayat - Technology Centre of Excellence Ropar Campus were conferred degrees during the convocation cum prize distribution function held on Saturday. 398 students from BTech and MTech, 87 from B Pharma and M Pharma, and 64 from management stream received degrees at the function.Medals were awarded to campus colour holders for year 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310614", "title": "Jewellers\u2019 bandh against new taxes", "text": "MUMBAI: The price of gold stood at Rs 27,630 per 10 gm on Saturday, astronomically high by any yardstick. The bullion industry threw up its hands in despair as the budget levied fresh taxes on the trade.Lakhs of traders, brokers and workers, employed in the jewellery trade, began a three-day nationwide shutdown on Saturday. They held 'dharnas' and wore black bands in Zaveri Bazar to protest against introduction of the excise regime, import duty and consumer tax that has already come into force. \"Goldsmiths from Gujarat, Rajasthan and Kerala are arriving to discuss the next course of action,\" said Kumar Jain, vice-president of Mumbai Jewellers' Association.Business came to a halt across Mumbai and Thane. \"We are willing to suffer losses for three days to convey that the new tax will cause losses,\" said diamond merchant Suraj Popley. Prithviraj Kothari, president of the Bombay Bullion Association, said, \"The excise regime brings prospect of harassment. Jewellers will have to get an excise number and inspectors can search their premises any time.\" Corporate brands did business as usual but sympathized with the cause.In Thane, nearly 450 jewellers voiced their dissent. Members of the Maharashtra Saraf Association said the move to introduce 1% tax on the purchase of gold on cash payment of over Rs 2 lakh would hit business. Association member Kamlesh S said the industry had decided to down shutters again on March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310144", "title": "UK\u2019s Warwick Business School eyes Delhi campus", "text": "MUMBAI: The Warwick Business School, standing 130km from London , will have its second address in India. The headquarters in the UK may be in sparsely populated Coventry but the management institute is looking at bustling Delhi for its new campus.Ever since India spoke of opening its doors to foreign universities, several top institutions have considered coming to its shores, but few have actually taken a step. The Schulich School of Business of Canada's York University is building its campus in Hyderabad.Most others have set up India offices that assist and attract prospective students, tap into the colleges' alumni, build relations with large Indian conglomerates, run some short programmes for executives or act as research centres that collect raw material on an emerging economy and a maturing market called India.None of that is what Warwick wants to do in India. Like the Schulich School, it is looking at advancing what it has already built in the UK. It is working with the Batra Group, headed by a family that sent many of its children to Warwick for an education.\"We have ordered a feasibility study for the project from a consultancy firm which is looking at several issues like the location to set up the school and other things that the project entails, including the areas that are important for the growth and development for this part of the world, for our Asia campus that will be located in India,\" said WBS dean Mark Taylor .The school's core will be research, around which teaching will be designed. \"What we will produce here will be the same as what we produce on the main campus,\" added Taylor, an Oxonerian. \"The school will not be a data collection centre that will procure data and transport a bag to the main campus,\" said WBS' associate dean Qing Wang.Over a decade ago, Warwick was undoubtedly one of the finest schools in the UK to study business, but it has slipped not just in ranking, but also in students' preferences. In 2009 came its low point when funding was cut based on a UK government Research Assessment Exercise, in which Warwick was trumped by both Cardiff and Manchester business schools.Soon after, Taylor took the reins of the school and it swung back to a better place in global rankings. \"It is important to keep the academic rigour high, bring in first-grade practitioners to teach and ensure that there is application of research,\" said Taylor, who has been working to bring back the glorious days of Warwick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12311161", "title": "Karvalyo utsav expresses gratitude to goddess of Sati", "text": "KERI: Though Sati - an act of self-immolation by a woman in her husband's funeral pyre - is banned and no longer practised, it was common in most parts of Goa in the past. The Karvalyo utsav, which is celebrated during the Shigmo festival, expresses gratitude to the goddess of Sati.Some villages in Sattari, Bicholim and in Dodamarg taluka of Maharashtra have the tradition of celebrating Karvalyo. Maulinguem, a village 5km from Bicholim town, on the border of Maharashtra, celebrates Karvalyo for two days. In Maulinguem, three boys are dressed as women and taken in a procession to the tunes of the dhol, taso and kasale, folk musical instruments.The festival unites villagers irrespective of caste and sub-caste. Unmarried boys dressed in ceremonial robes are called Karvalyo. When they emerge from the temple of the village deity Sateri-Kelbai, it is a moment of happiness and joy. Every house in Maulinguem wears a festive look. Married women wash the feet of the Karvalyo and apply the paste of kumkum.The Karvalyo are dressed ceremonially at the Chavato, sacred place where villagers assemble for most of religious functions. They then visit Ghadiwada, Paltadwad, Naikwada, Mayekarwada and finally Harijanwada hamlets.Sakarti folksongs narrating painful stories of women who jumped into the burning pyre of their husbands and died for the cause and prestige of the village, are sung to the accompaniment of the dhol, taso and kansale.Shiva Gaonkar from Maulinguem says, \"As it is the most important annual festival, our whole village takes part in it happily.\" Rupesh Mhavalingkar said, \"Though our village is economically not prosperous, it is culturally rich. Folksongs sung during Shigmo exhibit the socio-cultural life of our society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312301", "title": "Police imposters nabbed in the act", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of youths gathered at Dhakuria Bridge on a Saturday afternoon would not have usually drawn police attention. But a patrol team was alerted when they saw the four youths eyeing a woman. on Saturday spotted a gang of youths near Dhakuria Bridge.Sensing something to be amiss, they confronted the gang, and ended up busting who were in a bid to rob yet another woman. This chance meeting helped them bust a fraud racket that has been eluding city cops for past few months.These youths posing allegedly as cops have already robbed at least 50 women in the city and its fringes, say sources.Kolkata Police have finally been able to solve the mystery behind the several robberies -where the middle-aged women were made targets by a fraud racket. Two persons were arrested from Dhakuria on Saturday for posing allegedly as cops and robbing involvement in robbing women by posing as cops.The goons have been operating in Kolkata for past five monthsand have robbed at least 50 women in the city and its fringes. Police are on the lookout for the other members of the racket.The officers of detective department, who are probing the crime, said that the gang originally hails from Maharashtra's Thane.On Saturday afternoon, four members of the gang gathered near Dhakuria Bridge and were targeting a woman. The police patrol team from Lake police station grew suspicious and confronted the youths. While two of them managed to flee, the other two were nabbed. Probe revealed that both were the members of the Maharashtra-based Kepmar gang. Later, the duo was handed over to Kolkata Police's detective department. Police are on the lookout for other members of the racket.Though the group started operating in the city since last Puja, but cops failed to track a single member till Saturday afternoon. They have robbed about 30 women within the Kolkata Police's jurisdiction and many more in Salt Lake and Baranagar.On Thursday, detective chief Damayanti Sen called a special meeting with officers from police stations where the gang had looted people. Officers from the detective department shared information they collected individually. These information coupled with some CCTV footages helped police to bust the gang. The key members of the gang will be arrested by Sunday afternoonand a team may head for Maharashtra to recover the booty, claimed investigators.\"The gang followed a unique modus operandi. Posing as policemen, they approached middle-aged women and asked them to remove their valuables and put it into a bag. They also escorted the women to their house.Later, when the women opened the bag, they found the jewellery was missing ,\" said an investigator.The gang comprises more than 14 fraudsters. They come in a group and take shelter at small lodges and guest houses in places like Howrah and Bandel. The gang then divides themselves into smaller groups, each of which has person who can speak Bengali fluently.They have fake ID cards and their sober disposition help them pull off the act without raising suspicion, said an investigator.The Kolkata Police bust the fraud racket that used to steal jewellery from women posing as cops. finally managed to solve the mystery behindAfter a free run for past five months, Kolkata police finally managed to bust the fraud racket which used to rob women posing as cops. On Saturday afternoon, police from Lake police station area rounded up two members of the gang and now looking for the other members - who already robbed at least 50 persons in Kolkata and either fringes of the city.The officers of detective department who are probing the crime confirmed that the gang involved in the crime is originally from Thane area of Maharastra. On Saturday afternoon, four members of the gang gathered near Dhakuria Bridge and were targeting a woman to dupe.The police patrol team suspected some thing wrong and challenged the youths. Noticing police, two of them managed to flee but two others were nabbed. Probe revealed that both were the members of the Maharashtra based Kepmar gang who were on free run for past five months.Lake police station handed over duo to Kolkata Police's detective department who are now looking for other members of the gang. \"The gang used to operate with a unique modus operandi. Posing as policemen the fraudsters used to approach middle aged women. Scaring them of increasing snatching, they used to take off her ornaments assuring her to escort with the valuables up to her residence. After reaching home when the woman opens the ornament bag finds her duped as by then the fake cops at large with the ornaments,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12310997", "title": "Now, Chennai does an 'Occupy Anna library'", "text": "CHENNAI: As you walk into the Anna Centenary library on a late Saturday afternoon, the security guard with an apologetic smile directs you all the way behind the building, because the first stages of the car and two-wheeler parking spaces are full.You are also made to wait a couple of minutes in a queue of about four or five people to hand over your baggage. Pretty surprising considering claims that the library built in 2010 is not being utilised to its capacity.Sans posters, large banners and slogan shouting, Chennaiites seem to be demonstrating an 'Occupy Anna Library' movement in their own quiet way, with a large number of people using the library. Saturdays see a turnout of more than 1,500 people, but this Saturday the visitors registry showed 2,300 names.March 17, was a date noted on a Facebook page titled 'Occupy Anna Centenary Library' started by IAS aspirant Sibi Kanagaraj and his group of friends who frequent the library. The group was started last year, after they heard about the state government's decision to convert the library into a children's specialty hospital.\"My main papers are public administration and sociology, for which the collection is excellent. So we decided to try saving this library,\" said Sibi Kanagaraj.Many users who TOI spoke to on Saturday said though they had not heard of the page, their visits to the library became more frequent after the government's announcement in October last year. \"This is a world-class facility given to us. In the shock, I decided to make the most use of it till it is there,\" said Jayaraman Ramesh, a businessman who was drowned in an edition of Calvin and Hobbes.Students, too, love the place. \"We live in Kodambakkam, and I have been pestering my mother for the last one year. She finally brought me today, this is beautiful,\" said Megha R, a student of Chettinad Vidyasharam.\"In the earlier days of the library, hardly a couple of hundred people used to walk in daily. Now on a normal weekday we get more than 800 visitors and on weekends 1200 to 1500,\" said a librarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314729", "title": "Mighty opponents in a hijab", "text": "How challenging is it to play a close contact sport, dressed head-to-toe? Ask the women's Iranian kabaddi team, says Dhamini Ratnam.Earlier this month, the finals of the first Kabaddi World Cup Championship for women saw India defeat Iran, 25-19. The Patna crowd cheered raucously, as team India pulled, tugged and tackled team Iran to a nail-biting finish. Yet, what remains entrenched in memory is the sight of seven Iranian women, covered from head to toe, headscarves tied tight to prevent stray strands of hair from caressing their foreheads, indulging in what can only be called a very close contact sport.That sight made several spectators, sitting inside the Patliputra Sports Complex on March 4, question their perception of the roles women play, both in India, and Iran.Puneet Chandhok, a third-generation Punjabi born and brought up in Iran, and an ardent supporter of the sport back in the conservative Islamic nation, puts this down to ignorance.Chandhok is an honorary advisor to Teheranbased Kabaddi Federation of Iran, and claims to be associated with the sport for close to a decade. He was there, for instance, when Iran sent its first international women's team to Hyderabad in 2005 to play the Asian Women's Kabaddi Championship. (The team stood fifth, in what was their worst international performance. Since then, they have been winning the silver at almost every tournament.) Three years later, Chandhok accompanied team Iran to Madurai for the third Asian Women's championship, where they made it to the finals, but lost to India. In 2010, he patted their backs - figuratively - when they lost by a single point to India at the Guangzhou Asian Games.\"Islam doesn't prohibit women playing sports. But the (sportswoman's) body has to be covered,\" says Chandhok. Which explains why firebrand Ghazal Khalaj, the 21-year-old captain of team Iran, and top scorer in the India-Iran finals, made sure the white headgear remained in place even as she launched aggressive raids and counter attacks during the 40-minute game. Team member Zahra Masoumabadi, clad like the rest in track pants, and a long-sleeved jersey, stunned opponents with her side-kicks that seemed to materialise out of nowhere.For a country that allowed women to visit stadium football matches only as recently as 2006 (after the '79 revolution, women were barred from attending matches of what is undoubtedly, the most beloved game in the country), an aggressive women's kabaddi team needn't be cause for wonder. Kabaddi, unlike volleyball, is an indigenous sport in the Islamic Republic of Iran . It is popular among young boys and girls as Zou in Golestan, as Do-Do in Gilan, and as Ti-Ti in Khuzestan. The culture of kabaddi isn't restricted to rural outposts either.Irani Kabaddi Leagues are held with men and women's teams, informs Chandhok. A woman player earns anywhere between $800 and $1,5000 per season. (Male players earn $3,500 to $5,000.) For international wins such as the World Cup, a gold medal fetches each team member 25 gold coins, and a silver medal fetches them 15. A win at the Asian Games, however, would fetch them 100 gold coins for a gold medal, and 50 gold coins for a silver.Yet, the strictures placed on Iranian sportswomen is no secret.Before the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the vice president of the Iranian Olympic Committee announced a set of rules on how athletes should dress and behave. No male coach was allowed to train or travel abroad with a women's team. Alcohol consumption was strictly prohibited, as was any physical interaction with men.This World Cup, Khalaj and Co. were accompanied by a government observer - a woman named Tahereh Tangestanizadeh - to make sure they stuck to the rules. Which begs the question, for the hijab-clad fighters, is it only the gold that remains elusive?Touch them not At a Taekwondo competition held in Macau in 2007, a male referee raised the arm of a female Iranian player, who had won a tournament. Referring to that incident, the then vice president of the Iranian Olympic Committee, Abdolreza Savar, said that Iran's sportswomen would not be allowed to participate in any discipline in the Olympics, where there was a chance of physical contact with a male referee. In December 2007, he issued a memorandum to all sporting federations, to regulate the behaviour of sportspersons, male, and female.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311361", "title": "Recreation gets more costly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been planning a vacation or are a frequent dinner at the citys best eat-outs, you may consider reworking the strings of your wallet post the Union Budget announced on Friday. Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has pulled in many services under the tax net while simultaneously proposing a 2% hike in service tax (10% to 12%).Even the standard excise has been raised to 12% from 10%.The proposed increase in taxes at restaurants and hotels has evoked a mixed response from Chandigarh residents, who are known for their lavish lifestyle and spendthrift attitude.The service tax hike would not affect people much and wouldnt stop them from eating out. At an upscale hotel, we rarely check the service tax, so it wouldnt really affect us, says Ritesh Tandon, a city-based entrepreneur.Sector 35 resident Leena Das, a homemaker, says, We have no problem in paying service tax but we want the government to evolve a mechanism and keep a tab on the quality of services being provided to customers. Shelling out Rs 40-50 more is not a big deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304151", "title": "Click, Upload, Shorts!", "text": "With everything just a click away, filmmakers and short film clubs are making an effort to engage their audience and give them not just good films, but an experience they can share with their fellow mates.Earlier, word of mouth, worked wonders for everyone in the scene, but today, with the internet playing the 'baap of all mediums' choosing your URL to promote your short film, has just become the next big thing.An avid short filmmaker, promoter and theatre artiste Cyrus Dastur, created Shamiana only so that aspiring filmmakers and their films got a platform to showcase their talent. Gradually, the club grew and explored various cities in India. But this wasn't enough, as he realised that though he had enough people at the screenings, he still felt something was missing. That's when he decided to experiment and introduce his online channel on a popular website. One may ask what's so great about uploading online? Dastur explains, \"We launched our new channel dedicated exclusively to short film trailers because when you want to watch a short film, most of the times you don't know which one to watch because unlike feature films, short film names are not well known. And by the time you've spent 15-20 mins watching a short film you realise that's not the one you wanted to see.\"The channel guides you through various trailers, so you can decide which one you want to watch. In short, instead of wasting 15 mins of your time, you can just spend 30 seconds watching a trailer and decide.Though there are a few clubs created by media students and aspiring filmmakers in the city, the lack of monetary support, fails to keep them going. For aspiring filmmaker and media student Sartaj Aulakh, spending ` 200-250 to watch a short film is not feasible. \"I prefer watching it at home at such times, but then if the director of the short film is present at the venue, I prefer being there. We do have NFAI which stores short films at their library, but the rates are too high. At our college we screen short films made by students and discuss among ourselves,\" expresses Aulakh.But then there is always an option for those who want to make a difference. Payal Rohatgi , a lawyer by profession, dedicates her extra time to the online website dedicated to promote independent filmmakers and their films, introduced aspirants to online interviews of renowned directors like Imtiaz Ali and Anurag Kashyap. \"We hope to attract viewers based on our off-beat content, allowing filmmakers the full freedom to express themselves visually and artistically, without any shackles of what is acceptable or unacceptable to society. With broadband and mobile penetration, we believe that short form content is the way of the future,\" expresses Rohatgi.Just like Rohatgi, young filmmaker Limin Mathew and his team back in Mumbai, have been making their screenings a memorable experience for everyone. \"When we organise a movie screening in Mumbai or Pune, we try and treat it differently by inviting the director to the screening. In such situations, the screening becomes more interactive and fun. We once had this director who came all the way from Kerala to discuss his film with the viewers,\" shares Mathew.Mathew, who agrees with Aulakh on the entry fee issue, informed PT that they do not charge a penny to those who want to attend a screening. \"Yes, we not have an entry fee. When we were students we knew the difficulties we had when it came to spending even ` 100. We totally understand. We are still looking out for sponsors to help us sail smoothly,\" informs Mathew.While filmmakers, writers, festivals and clubs find ways to reach out to as many viewers, we wonder if Pune is okay with their favourite movie served with a dash of experimentation. Well, only time can tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314768", "title": "Off with her tee!", "text": "After the Indian embassy in Kiev opened criminal proceedings against a Ukranian group of topless feminist protesters, activist Inna Shevchenko questions India's notion of freedom, in a chat with Anuradha Varma.While browsing the archive of a photo agency website, we spot an image of a 20-year-old attractive blonde, her shoulder-length hair held in place by a 70s-style headband, standing topless before a mirror applying lipstick with the focus of a sharp shooter. Visible in the mirror too, is the reflection of a friend holding a paint brush doused in black paint, waiting to write a slogan against her breasts.A day after this 'rehearsal' in a flat in Moscow, we are told the girls - all topless - barged into a polling station, where Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin had voted. These young women were questioning the legitimacy of a vote they say is skewed to help the former KGB spy return as Russia's president. Police officers dragged them out of the room by their hair. This was just another day at work for the activists of provocative Ukranian feminist group, FEMEN.It was India's turn to taste their venom, when topless activists sporting nose rings, maang teekas and mehendi climbed the balcony of the Indian ambassador's residence in Kiev, Ukraine, in January. They knocked down the tricolour and carried banners that read, 'Ukranians are not prostitutes'. They were reacting to the Indian Ministry of Foreign Affairs directive to monitor the visa applications of Ukrainian, Russian and Kazakh women aged 15 to 40 to weed out sex workers. Earlier this month, a furious Indian embassy began criminal proceedings against the demonstrators, who now face up to five years in prison, and the possibility of a lock-down of their organisation.\"The reaction is strange,\" says 21-year-old Inna Shevchenko, in a telephonic chat from Kiev. Her voice is sombre. That's strange for someone with enough grit to go head-to-head with the KGB and Minsk police after a demonstration against the authoritative Belarusian president. The police reportedly stripped Shevchenko and two colleagues, doused them in petrol and threatened to burn them, before abandoning the girls in a forest near the village of Beka.Excerpts from an interview: What is your reaction to India pressing criminal charges against FEMEN demonstrators? The Indian reaction is strange. We were protesting against what they said - that all women of the Soviet Union are prostitutes. And we did nothing wrong with the Indian flag. Their reaction indicates that they are wary of women activists and their opinion. It's a comment on the mindset of the people working at the embassy. FEMEN's role is to protect any woman, even if she's an Indian.What attracted you to FEMEN? I was a student of journalism in Kiev and worked part-time with the city government press office, when I met FEMEN founder Anna Gutsol in 2009. The group wasn't all that big then. Nothing drove me to it; it's not like someone raped me. Initially, I had found the idea of women activists strange. But, then, when I grew aware of the problems Ukrainian women faced, I realised I could change lives. Suddenly, a month after I started, I lost my job because I was working for FEMEN. In the last two-and-a-half years, I have raised awareness about women's rights and emancipation among young girls.Isn't a topless protest against the very core of feminism? Aren't you commodifying the female body? We're new-age feminists, not the sort that believe in writing articles and hanging around bookstores. We believe in fighting for our rights. We are saying the same things feminists are, but in a different way.Was it easy to go topless? I couldn't imagine doing it, but we needed to if we wanted to draw attention to our cause. We wanted to shock people. They see pictures of naked women on billboards and in magazines, but when they see us in the streets, they jump.Do you remember the first time you went topless? Clearly. It was on Ukrainian Independence Day in 2010. Taking the decision to go topless was very difficult, but it changed me in an instant. I forgot what people would say. It was complete liberation. And that's how I feel each time I strip.How did your family react? My parents come from the erstwhile Soviet Union and for them, it's a shock. My mother has come around, but she's worried because I end up getting arrested. But, we continue to talk about what's wrong in the country - the importance of equal rights for women, poverty and the lack of jobs.FEMEN is against legalising prostitution. Wouldn't it, in fact, empower sex workers with the right to choose? We have enough problems surrounding prostitution in Ukraine. Imagine what legalising it will do. Girls at massage salons are merely sex slaves. We want women to enjoy opportunities so that they needn't turn to prostitution. In Germany, it is legal, but research has revealed that only one per cent of sex workers have benefitted.Has the Soviet Union hangover left women vulnerable? Yes, men are discriminatory. There is only one woman minister in our Cabinet, and she's not the sort to speak up for women's rights.anuradha.varma@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12318519", "title": "Delhi will come to a halt if Biharis stop work: Nitish Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi would come to a grinding halt if Biharis stop work even for a day as they contribute \"significantly\" to its economy, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar said.\"Biharis form 20 per cent of the population in Delhi. They contribute significantly to the city's economy. If they stop working for a day, Delhi would come to an halt. I am not saying they should stop work, but that is the potential of Biharis,\" he said addressing a function on Sunday to mark 100 years of formation of Bihar.He also said migration of labourers from Bihar to states like Punjab and Maharashtra has significantly come down in recent years, reflecting the state's growth story.\"Biharis are not a burden, but an assest...Big farmers and entrepreneurs in Punjab are complaining labour shortage because of decrease in arrival of labourers from Bihar who are getting employment in their native places itself,\" he said.Quoting a survey, Kumar said the migration of labourers from Bihar to other states has come down almost by 26 per cent because of development work and MNREGA.He also dismissed suggestions that people of the state were forced to go out for begging.\"It is wrong to say that people from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are forced to go outside for begging. They indeed go not only to different parts of the country but also abroad to contribute to their economic growth,\"The chief minister said the state is scripting a new growth story, as a result of which migration of labourers to Punjab, Maharashtra and Gujarat has come down now.On the occasion, he also honoured 20 people from the state for their commendable job in various fields that included SEBI chairman U K Sinha, former foreign secretary Shyam Saran, former cricketer Saba Karim and actor Manoj Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315034", "title": "Budget brings cheer for K-Town", "text": "The exemption in service tax on copyright in the Union Budget has come as a relief for the film industry...Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee's statement during his budget speech that copyright relating to cinematography in the film industry will be exempted from service tax has come as a relief for the Indian film industry, which, interestingly, is celebrating its centenary this year. Earlier, on February 23, heeding a call for strike by the Film Federation of India (FFI), the entire Indian film industry had shutdown as a token protest against the Central Government's proposal to levy service tax for films. A core committee comprising senior members of the film industry, along with members of parliament, had presented detailed statistics stating the losses of the film industry and the meagre success rate to the finance minister.L Suresh, honorary secretary of the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce (SIFCC), says that more than what the exemption means, one has to look at what its implementation would have done to the industry. \"The service tax on copyright went on a multiple level. Tax will have to be paid at every stage of the process. So, it would have been individually 10.3 per cent tax for the producer, distributor and the exhibitor, taking away almost 31 per cent of the revenue,\" he says. When we explained this to the Finance Minister, he was kind enough to look at its impact and agreed to add it to the negative list, he adds.T Siva, vice president, Tamil Film Producers' Council (TFPC), explains, \"If a producer is selling his film to a corporate for 10 crore, he would have had to pay Rs 1 crore as tax. Similarly, the corporate would have to pay 10.3 per cent tax when selling to a distributor. And distributors and exhibitors will also have to pay 10.3 per cent tax individually.\"The biggest relief of this exemption is for theatre owners in the state who are currently paying 30 per cent entertainment tax to the state government. Valliappan, the director of a city-based theatre, says, \"If the proposed service tax of 10.3 per cent had been added, it would have taken away 40 per cent of the share of distributors and exhibitors from the revenue. At a time when theatres are closing down, this move will provide some measure of relief.\"In short, if a ticket costs 100, 40 would have gone as tax, thus eating into the revenue for theatres that are already reeling under diminished footfalls. Also, they would not have been able to hike ticket prices to offset the loss due to the tax.Meanwhile, Suresh says that while the bigger problem of exemption of service tax relating to copyright has been solved, the new budget has also given rise to a new, smaller burden. \"The budget mentions that service tax will be levied for individuals in the film industry, who are earning more than 10 lakh. This includes actors and technicians, who are now likely to pass on this burden to the producer,\" he feels.GAIN A producer selling his film for 10 crore would save 1 crore after service tax on copyright exemption Theatre owners will now have to pay only the entertainment tax levied by the state government and save 10 per cent of the revenuePAIN Actors and technicians, who will now have to pay service tax, are likely to pass on this burden to the producer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314501", "title": "Small screen gets big in bed", "text": "Putting an end to weeks of frustrating build-up, Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar set the small screen on fire this past weekIt's been a sexy week on Indian television. And for that we have to thank one plus size hero Ram Kapoor and his on-screen biwi, who, even in the throes of passion, refers to her husband only as 'Mr Kapoor'. Kyunki ek achchi Indian biwi apne pati ka naam nahi leti.Bade Achche Lagte Hain's (BALH) Priya Ram Kapoor ( Sakshi Tanwar), channelled her inner Dimple Kapadia (Sagar) and Vidya Balan (Dirty Picture) in a red chiffon saree and a barely-there blouse, her room lit with a hundred candles, her hair perfect for that romp in the hay look, and her make-up finished with just that extra hint of red to give her a flush that said 'the heat is on'.And Ram took no time to get down to business. He started slow and sexy, trying to unhook her blouse gently, but excitement got the better of him and he pulled off her pallu to expose her creamy breasts. Haw! She covered up with her hands, but by then he was unstoppable.And fulfilling every TV-watching housewife's fantasy, they did it. They did it just like it's meant to be done. Like the housewife wished her husband would do it to her. And most husbands, when shown the show, were more than happy to oblige. After all, Ram Kapoor is fat and flawed. Just like them.Ram looks like every man in every house in every town of India - pot-bellied, stubby fingered, and with prominent ear and nostril hair. I daresay he sometimes looks like the man we all grew up calling Papa! Which is what the draw of BALH has been this past week. While one generation identified with it, for another it was like secretly watching their parents, or chacha-chachi, or bhaiya-bhabhi have sex. Thrilling.After the act was done and the couple was shown under a fluffy duvet, their bare shoulders betraying what transpired, we got a hint of black and gold. Priya was naked under the covers except for her mangalsutra.The ultimate bharatiya nari. (slow clap) Take a bow Ekta Kapoor.Ekta BALH was the talking point - online and offline - for most of the first half of the past week. Meanwhile, an illegitimate relationship on Kya Hua Tera Vada (a new-ish soap) saw the much-married lead character land up in bed with his female boss. Cue more heavy breathing. And, of course, their naked shoulders under satin sheets.While Indian TV viewers continued to celebrate the frisky mood throughout the week, on Friday, Little Master Sachin gave the nation reason for collective orgasm. Proving that Bade Achche Lagte Hain aside, size really doesn't matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12312338", "title": "Cable operators defer blackout plan", "text": "INDORE: Cable operators are not enthused by Centre's decision to withdraw itself from the entertainment industry on the plea that it was already being governed by the state governmentsThe finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee , while presenting the budget in Lok Sabha on Friday, had said that Centre would not impose service tax on those areas where the tax was being collected by the respective state governments.Meanwhile, on the intervention of BJP MLA and ex-state chief of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha Vishwas Sarang, the cable operators and multi-system operators (MSOs) have postponed their strike. As part of the strike, they had decided to go for a complete blackout for an indefinite period. But it was deferred after the MLA assured to take up their issue with Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan .Recently, the cable operators had stopped beaming of entertainment channels. They had decided to stop telecasting all the channels from today. However, they took back their decision on the MLA's assurance.An executive of a local MSO on the condition of anonymity said that the TV channels had been paying the service tax to the government. Channels used to collect the same from the MSOs, who later used to get them from the subscribers through cable operators. Now the cable operators will not be troubled for the same, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310525", "title": "Flood of water woes hits Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Complaints from the Old City on erratic water supply, no water supply and water pollution flooded 'Dial Your Managing Director', a phone-in programme, held on Saturday. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) is organising the phone-in programme every third Saturday to receive complaints from customers.Tarabai, a customer from Goshamahal, complained to the MD that Water Board officials were not responding despite lodging several complaints on erratic water supply. \"The Water Board is supplying water on alternate days that too at irregular times,\" she added.A customer, Lakshmikantha Reddy from Malakpet area, complained that there was no water supply to their locality for the past 10 days and a complaint was also lodged at 'Metro Customer Care' (MCC), but there was no response from officials. The locals have been getting polluted water for the past few months.HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha also directed officials to complete the unfinished roads on top priority and in case of any problem he directed them to contact GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu directly and bring the issue to his notice.Later, addressing the media, Adhar Sinha said special officers would be deputed in all operation and maintenance divisions (O&Ms;) to attend to water-related problems on top priority from March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312182", "title": "Two labourers suffocate to death in Cantt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two labourers were suffocated to death and one got injured after they fell in a septic tank in cantonment area of Lucknow on Saturday.According to reports, three labourers Babloo, Dinesh and Munna were engaged by residents of Nirbhay Vihar Colony to clean up a septic tank on Saturday morning. Suddenly, the three fell into the tank and got asphyxiated. Some other workers and residents nearby rushed to the site and managed to pull out Munna while Babloo and Dinesh, both in their mid 20s, died. Later bodies of the two were pulled out and sent for post-mortem.The incident has once again raised a question mark over non-availability of safety gears for the labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12310777", "title": "One panther killed every 2 days in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: One panther is killed in road accidents, poached or attacked after straying into human habitats in Rajasthan every two days, according to a study.Panthers are endangered animals listed under Schedule 1 of the Wildlife Protection Act which gives them absolute protection. A proposed panther sanctuary in Kumbhalgarh and other regions could probably save the species.\"The Rs 5.8 crore Project Panther started last year received funds just a month ago. The Kumbhalgarh wildlife sanctuary in Pali district is a good area for panthers. We spent the first instalment of Rs 50 lakh to improve the habitat of the sanctuary, building fence and water arrangements,\" said A C Chaubey, Rajasthan's chief wildlife warden.Latest wildlife census shows about 560 panthers in Rajasthan. In 2011, Kumbhalgarh had 83 panthers, the largest among the state's districts. In 2010, however, there were 89 panthers. Their numbers are dwindling due to shrinking habitat and increasing man-animal conflict.\"A panther was reported in the Juliflora jungle in Jodhpur. We asked residents not to corner the panther or provoke it as long as the animal does not attack any animal or human,\" said Chaubey.Forest officials said there are about a dozen patches in an area covering about 600 hectares on the periphery of the Kumbhalgarh sanctuary where panthers live in large numbers.A decline in the population of panthers' prey, including rabbits, deer and cheetals, has forced them to search for food in residential areas. They are particularly fond of dogs, said a forest officer. \"A good prey base must be created. There is a proposal to build enclosures outside the sanctuary for improved captive breeding in the 20-80 km stretch outside the sanctuary. The animals will then be released in the forest,\" he said.\"As part of Project Panther, we will build boundary walls and prohibit animal grazing in the sanctuary. Open wells will be covered to prevent straying panthers from falling into them,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314100", "title": "Celebs at Bhooter Bhabishyat premiere", "text": "It was a ghostly affair of sorts at a city theatre on Friday at the premiere of \" Bhooter Bhabishyat\".Besides the cast and crew, stars from Tollywood crowded there for the screening of the film. Said director Kaushik Ganguly, \"This film is no less than the classics. It was a lot of fun and given some time, it can reach cult status.\"Actor Parno was apparently '\"bowled over\" by the film. \"I had heard the script before and just loved the film. After a long time a good Bengali film on ghosts has been made. Enjoyed every moment of it and all the actors were brilliant,\" she gushed. We asked actor Swastika how it was to see the film after all the hard work, and she said, \"The audience reaction was extraordinary. This is the first time I watched the complete film and it was really a different experience altogether. However, I'll be happier if the audience loves it and more people come to see it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12318691", "title": "Issue of change in leadership left to party: Gowda", "text": "TUMKUR: Feigning ignorance about his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa convening a meeting of loyalists, Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Sunday said the issue of change of leadership was left to the BJP central leadership.\"The issue of change in leadership is left to the central party leadership to decide and I would present the state budget on March 21. The copy of it has already gone for printing,\" he told reporters when asked about speculation that Yeddyurappa would be reinstated and present the budget.After meeting Siddaganga Mutt seer Shivakumar Swamy, Gowda said he had witnessed many political crisis in the past and possessed strength to overcome them.\"I am sure I will face the current political crisis successfully,\" Gowda, who succeeded Yeddyurappa after he quit in July last over his indictment in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining, said.He, however, feigned ignorance of Yeddyurappa convening a meeting of his supporters at Bangalore to mount pressure on the central leadership to reinstate him as the chief minister.Gowda also said he had the blessings of six crore people of the state and was giving them \"good\" governance.Replying to a question, Gowda said the final decision on the selection of party candidate for contesting the Rajya Sabha polls would be taken after talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12312530", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation general body to select panel members on Monday", "text": "PUNE: The General Body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will meet on Monday to select members of the crucial standing committee. The NCP has emerged the single largest party with 51 seats and has forged a post-poll alliance with the Congress, which won 28 seats. Both make up the majority figure of 77 seats. The saffron-RPI combine had a pre-poll alliance and won 43 seats - BJP 26, Shiv Sena 15 and Republican Party of India 2. The MNS won 29 seats.The total 152 corporators will select 16 standing committee members among themselves. As per the strength of political parties, NCP is slated to get 6 seats, followed by Congress, BJP, MNS, who will get 3 seats each and Shiv Sena 1 seat. These sixteen corporators, who will become standing committee members, will then elect a chairman who will prepare civic budget and will be the final authority to approve any decision pertaining to the finance.Parties have asked corporators to submit their applications for the post of standing committee and on Monday parties will declare final lists of standing committee members.The GB will also decide members for other committees, including law committee, women and child welfare committee, naming committee and city improvement committee. These committees have 13 members and NCP will get 5 seats, MNS 3, BJP and Congress 2 and Shiv Sena 1 seat, as per their strength in the GB.With election of mayor and deputy mayor, the GB came into existence on March 15. With formation of the civic panels, the actual functioning of the corporation will start from Monday. While standing committee takes financial decisions, other committees are assigned with specific tasks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12311436", "title": "Now, criminals to sign bonds for good conduct", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Police have adopted a novel method to check crime in the state. Habitual offenders are being made to sign bonds under Section 110(G) of the CrPC and deposit 25% of the bond amount in court, DGP Abhayanand said. Section 110 (G) of the CrPC is an old law. But it has not been seriously implemented in several police stations in the state.Now the police officials have been given directive to use the section against all the habitual offenders who indulged in unlawful and criminal acts, he told TOI. Patna SSP Alok Kumar said the section was implemented in each police station in the district. About 700 criminals have so far been brought under this section and they have been forced to sign the bonds as well, he said, adding that he was personally monitoring each case under this section. According to Khagaul police station SHO Kamod Prasad, the police have indentified 50 odd hardcore criminals in the area during the drive launched in the past two weeks.They have to furnish bonds of Rs 1 lakh under this section in the SDM court with two sureties of the same amount. They have also to deposit 25% of the bond amount in the court, he said. Notorious criminals like Benga Gope, Sunil Yadav and Ritlal Yadav have been asked to sign such bonds. Out of the 50 odd criminals identified under this section, 19 of them have already signed the bond and deposited Rs 25,000 each in the SDM court at Danapur as surety to maintain good conduct, the SHO said.The Khagaul SHO admitted that the area was disturbed in the past due to incidents of murder, snatching, loot, dacoity and theft. Besides, the habitual offenders on bails were giving a tough time to police. Use of this particular section has helped police in checking crime, he said, adding that a proposal has been sent to senior police officials to use this section against land grabbers and economic offenders too.Citing an example of the effectiveness of using the section, he said the police forced Neeraj Kumar, a habitual criminal of Khagaul area involved in over a dozen criminal cases, to sign the bond and deposit Rs 25,000 in the SDM court at Danapur. He has been maintaining good conduct since signing the bond, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311413", "title": "Powerless to hit silver screen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Problems irking residents of City Beautiful are fast casting a shadow on Punjabi cinema. Taking a cue from the frequent power cuts in the city, particularly scheduled power cuts during winter in the last season, comedian and director-producer Jaspal Bhatti is all set to release his second Punjabi flick Power Cut in July this year.A love triangle and potshot on the power supply department and government, the movie revolves around politics within the system. Commenting on the poor power supply in the city, Bhatti said, Unlike past years, this time the city residents witnessed frequent power cuts, specially scheduled power cuts, which were seldom heard of in winter in this city. The cinema is certainly a reflection of what people are going through and provides a closer look into the reality. For avid Punjabi movie followers, he adds, the recipe is perfect in Power Cut. Terming the forthcoming flick as a perfect Punjabi tadka with romance, comedy and a message, he says that the movie highlights power thefts, kundi connection by individuals, groups or industry.Never before was there such craze for Punjabi movies as we saw during the release of Mahaul Theek Hai. The police was the focus in the last movie whereas this one will be revolving around power department employees, he adds.Known for his popular comedy serials, Ulta Pulta and Flop Show, this comedy king cites that cinema is now closer to reality and peoples life. Jasraj, his son, will be in the lead role with certain Bollywood actors also starring in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311669", "title": "'Dance talk performance' at Panaji", "text": "Alliance Francaise, Panaji , will organize a dance talk performance titled 'Hybride' by Celine Pradeu, a Franco-India dancer and choreographer, at 6.30pm at Kala Acadamy's open air auditorium, Panaji, on March 18. Entry is free. For details call 2420049.Youth retreat at Pilar: Retreat Centre, Pilar, will organize a one-day youth retreat at Pilar monastery on March 18 from 10am to 4.30pm. The theme for the retreat is 'Come and experience God's forgiveness'. For details and registration contact the director of Retreat Centre or Fr Jose Costa (Ph: 2218694, 2218553).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12320131", "title": "52.67 cr bridge to come up at Hope's site", "text": "SURAT: The demolition of 135-year-old Hope Bridge is almost complete. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) plans to build a new one at its place at a cost of Rs 52.67 crore.\"The proposed new bridge will be 1.021 km long and 12 metre wide. It will have a carriage way of 7.5 metres for vehicular traffic,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer of SMC.SMC plans to have colorful fountains near the bridge. There would also be lightings on it.\"Once ready it will be a structure of must see for people. We want people to remember that a bridge named Hope Bridge stood here for 135 years. And that this new bridge is a tribute to it and to our city's heritage,\" an official from SMC's bridge cell said.There is another bridge next to Hope Bridge. It is Nehru Bridge, a direct link with the city for the people living in Adajan-Rander area. There is always heavy traffic on this bridge. There is a need to widen this bridge but SMC has refrained from doing it. However, the civic body will be widening the existing road going towards Adajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312121", "title": "This Leuva Patel was first to battle female infanticide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Manibhai Patel, 75, an NRG from Chicago, was teaching chemistry at Sardar Patel University in Vallabh Vidyanagar when he was confronted with a strange but burgeoning trend of female infanticide and dowry deaths - both among the Patel community and other major Hindu castes. This was in 1985. In the same year, Patel conducted the first caste-based mass marriage in the country at the Hindu Anaanth Ashram in Nadiad.The cases of female infanticide were generally from poor farmer Patel families who could not afford the marriages of their daughters. Patel is known to be a pioneer in mass marriages among his Leuva Patel community members. Patel has organized 87 mass marriages since 1985 and has been responsible for bringing down dowry requirement among Patel community members from 350 gram to 50 gram gold.\"The mid-1980s saw a drastic dip in the sex ratio of the state and our community was affected the most. I and few other members of CMSLPS decided to work against this disturbing trend. We conducted a massive 'padyatra' spanning 5,000 km in Kheda, Nadiad and Anand districts and visited every village and encouraged members to come to the help of poor farmers who could not afford the marriages of their daughters,\" said Patel. tnn\"The patel community is known for showing pomp when it comes to gold. We tried to talk them out of this as some families who had seven daughters could not afford such costly marriages. We ran campaigns, mass rallies and talked individually to families telling them that marriages were a sacred union of two families,\" explained Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12317050", "title": "State anthem, prayer to deepen Bihari bonds", "text": "PATNA: Biharis will get their own state anthem and a state prayer song that would speak about their close ties with their motherland and also about the progress of the state, on the occasion of this year's Bihar Diwas. CM Nitish Kumar will release a CD of both the state anthem and prayer song on March 21 at 5pm at the CM secretariat, Samwad.The state government claims that it is taking this step with a view to strengthening unity among Biharis across the world. Several months back, the state government had invited entries for selection of state anthem and prayers song. Out of about 1,500 entries received, around 96 (46 for the state anthem and 50 for state prayer) were shortlisted by a team of experts constituting famous poet Arun Kamal, Surendra Snigdh and Ravindra Rajhans. CM Nitish Kumar himself selected the final two - one as 'Bihar Gaan' and the other as 'Bihar Prarthna song'.Bollywood's famous music duo 'Shiv-Hari'- Shiv Kumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia - has composed the music of both. They recorded both the songs in February this year.The lyricist of Bihar anthem - 'Mere Bharat ke kanthhaar'- sung by Udit Narayan and Sadhna Sargam, is a city-based poet, Satya Narayan. Narayan, a former history teacher and state government's employee had been awarded the Gopal Singh Nepali Puraskar for best poem in 1991 and Dr Shambhu Nath Singh Navgeet Puraskar in 2009.On the other hand, the state prayer - 'Meri raftaar pe Suraj ki kiran naaz kare' - sung by Udit Narayan has been written by MR Chishti, a teacher at Urdu Middle School, Marwan block in Muzaffarpur.This 14-minute CD, which will be released by the CM on Wednesday, contains four songs each of around 3.5 minutes. Video of the songs has not been prepared. \"The audio CD will not be available for sale in market,\" Yashwant Parashar, coordinator of cultural programme of Bihar Diwas, told TOI.Initially, one lakh CDs have been prepared and distributed free among around 76,000 government schools in the state. Parashar added, \"We are planning to make a link at the state government's website for free downloading of both the songs.\"It would be mandatory for every government school in the state to play the state anthem and prayer song daily along with other prayers and national anthem during assembly. Every college and government institution would also be directed to perform the song during every special function, just like the national anthem, 'Jana gana mana'.\"We have also submitted a proposal to the government seeking permission to allow some music company to manufacture more CDs of the state anthem and prayer song and sell them at a subsidized rate, said Parashar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12311462", "title": "NIFT workshop on handicrafts for artisans", "text": "PATNA: National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) on Saturday organized a daylong workshop on its Udyog Bhawan campus with 25 handicraft artisans each from Bhusara village in Muzaffarpur district and from around Patna region for establishing linkage with the traditional handicraft artisans of the state.It was held with the cooperation of the local office of development commissioner, handicraft. Earlier, inaugurating the workshop, Satish Chandra Jha, director, NIFT Patna, told artisans, \"Traditional handicraft and modern design go hand in hand and the amalgamation of both can do wonders.\"He added, \"The workshop is a step towards realizing the larger vision of the college in making a difference in the lives of artisans.\" Speaking at the function, Monica Garg, director general, NIFT, said, \"The main objectives of the workshop were to disseminate information about the college's craft cluster initiative, to identify problems areas of handicraft artisans where the college can work towards improvement and also to sensitize students towards the state of affairs of artisans.\"The programme commenced with interaction between students and artisans, in which artisans showed their work including 'sujni' embroidery, artificial jewellery, jute jewellery, traditional dolls and woodcraft. They also answered various queries of students ranging from material sourcing to selling of products. Assistant professor Kislay Kashyap made a presentation on the five-year roadmap of future cluster work to be done by NIFT students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12311367", "title": "Duty over, jail guard refuses to vacate tower", "text": "SIRSA: The district jail witnessed some belligerent action on Friday, when a guard atop a 60 feet high tower refused to climb down after 12 hours of duty. Instead, he said his prayers before threatening to kill himself when asked to come down.It is not known why he acted so, but jail superintendent J S Sethi said rifle sepoy Shree Bhagwan, who was on duty from 10am to 2pm, was probably going through acute mental stress. \"After his duty hours, the other guard went up the tower, but Shree Bhagwan refused to come down. I reached the jail at 3pm and went to him to find out the problem. I saw him performing 'aarti'. When he saw me, he used disparaging language. Police also tried to convince him (to come down the tower), but in vain. He threatened to shoot himself with his rifle if anyone tried to go up the tower, where only one person can stand at a time. Finally, he came down at 2am and started crying. We have informed the district administration about the incident,\" Sethi said.According to sources, Bhagwan, a resident of Pursariya village of Bhiwani, was \"upset as he has not even been allotted a house in the jail premises\". The jail superintendent, however, refused to confirm it, saying he had not received any such complaint. Sources further revealed that Bhagwan has been performing duty on the tower for the last five years, but never created such a scene before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12311099", "title": "Jewellers in city down shutters against taxes", "text": "NASHIK: Around 450 jewellery shops across Nashik remained closed on Saturday, as part of a three-day nationwide strike to protest the increase in taxes on gold and the jewellery sector in the Union Budget 2012. The bandh was in solidarity with jewellers from across the country who had announced a three-day strike from Saturday to protest the imposition of fresh taxes by the finance minister on Friday.\"All the jewellers in the state, including over 450 jewellers across the city, have joined in the three-day strike organized by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation,\" said Rajendra Odhekar, president, Nashik Jewellers' Association.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , in the Budget presented on Friday, brought into existence a 2% rise in import duty, proposed an increase in excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery, and doubled the customs duty on standard gold from 2% to 4%.Saraf Bazaar, which is the main jewellery market in the city, wore a deserted look as all jewellery shops there remained closed on Saturday.The strike called by the association received 100% response, affecting business transactions worth crores of rupees. The rise in taxes will put an additional burden on consumers amounting to Rs 1.40 lakh per kg gold jewellery, Odhekar said.Gold has always been a high-value product and sale of gold jewellery has been declining because of rising costs. At this juncture, the imposition of taxes will not only increase the cost of gold jewellery, but will also affect our jewellery businesses to a large extent, jewellers said.A meeting between association members is already on in the capital, Delhi, and a delegation from the national association is meeting the Union finance minister to ask for a rollback on taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12312085", "title": "Jaitley sticks to Gujarat for Rajya Sabha seat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley has been nominated by the BJP for a third term in the Upper House from Gujarat.Earlier, TOI had reported that Jaitley wanted to exit from Gujarat because of problems in dealing with chief minister Narendra Modi . Even party chief Nitin Gadkari had offered a seat to Jaitley from Bihar. In between, as more reports started pouring in from Bihar about Jaitley's likely nomination from the state, Modi is learnt to have telephoned Jaitley and mollified him after an emotional heart-to-heart chat.The BJP can nominate two more candidates from Gujarat which are likely to be finalized in a day or two after considering changing caste equations. The candidates are likely to file their nomination on Monday.The Congress, which can push one candidate through from Gujarat, has to decide between Shankersinh Vaghela, Pravin Rashtrapal and Madhusudan Mistry - all three belonging to the erstwhile Rashtriya Janata Party.Elections will be held on March 30, if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311300", "title": "48 bottles of IMFL, cash recovered in CBI raid from excise official's house", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of CBI has recovered a total 48 bottles of IMFL and Rs 8 lakh in cash from the house of Central Board of Excise &amp; Customs superintendent B P Singh, in Sector 38 on Saturday. Singh is posted in Ludhiana.The raid at the house of Singh was conducted following his arrest for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh in Ludhiana on Saturday. The bribe amount was being paid for clearing a file of a customer. Singh was arrested along with a contractual employee Harbans Singh from their office in Ludhiana.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said, apart from the recovery of cash and liquor bottles, documents of properties were also recovered from Singh's house. CBI sources said role of some more officials of the department is under scanner and Singh is being interrogated to verify involvement of other officials.Harbans had been sent by Singh for collecting the bribe. Singh and Harbans would be produced in the court of special CBI judge in Patiala on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310844", "title": "MCG fumbles in RTI reply on fake voter IDs", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the fake voter ID card scam that emerged during the 2009 assembly elections is being argued in the court, several local politicians have alleged that last year's Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) election was also rigged using fake identity cards.According to some candidates who lost the elections, the MCG has not been responding to their RTI applications in detail. However, after they approached the %state election commission, the charges are being investigated. One of these candidates has also approached the local court.The state election commission says it is waiting for the complete response from the MCG before taking any action. \"We are not satisfied with the report filed by the MCG officials and have asked them to send another report,\" said Dharamvir, state election commissioner.Gargi Kakkar, a BJP candidate from Ward 11, who lost to an independent by a margin of just 83 votes, alleges that the MCG officials are deliberately hiding information sought by her through RTI.\"I started investigating the matter and sought the voters' list from the MCG and also asked them for supporting documents that each voter had submitted. But they refused saying that the voters' list was prepared by the deputy commissioner's office. When I went to the DC's office, they denied the same,\" she said. \"There are many people in my ward who have more than one voter ID card. Also, just a day before the election, the location of the voting booth was changed,\" said Kakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312626", "title": "New Act puts Jadavpur University in a limbo", "text": "KOLKATA: The old order does not exist any more, and the new is yet to take shape. Universities are facing this transition problem in daily administration.Jadavpur University is a case in point. The deans of faculties, elected before the amended University Act came into force, have vacated their offices, with no one to assist the vice-chancellor in academic affairs. The new Act is also silent in this regard.An attempt to nominate deans for the temporary phase in Jadavpur University could not materialise due to lack of clarity, say sources.\"The university dismantled the old faculty council based on a communication from the state higher education council. But then, as provided in the Act, deans come from faculty councils. There is no scope for choosing deans unless the new faculty council takes shape,\" a senior JU executive council member said.The confusion has come in the way of the teacher selection in the university. The deans are also associated with the PhD committees. Deans are actively involved in the admission process, they decide the academic calendar, monitor results and promotion of teachers.Vice-chancellor Pradip Narayan Ghosh pointed out that the university tried to explore the possibility of nominating the deans during the interim period. \"But it was found that the statutory provisions for nomination are not clear. Hence, a letter was sent to the secretary of higher education department asking for clarifications. Satish Tewary has informed the university over phone that a decision will be taken only after discussing the matter with the advocate general,\" Ghosh said.\"A notice was issued on March 9 and meetings with head of the departments convened on March 12 and March 13 for nominating the deans. But, finally the meetings had to be put off because of legal hassles,\" said Partha Pratim Biswas, secretary of Jadavpur University Teachers' Association (JUTA).The university will thus have to wait till the formation of the new faculty council. \"This can't happen in a day. Rules have to be framed under the Act and the draft rules have to be passed in the executive council, and the university policy making body - the court. The draft will then go to the university chancellor for his assent. Once the chancellor puts his seal , the university has to frame the statute and then arrange for the election to the faculty council,\" a JU official said.Satish Tewary, secretary of higher education department said they have received the letter and are discussing the matter.\"The riddle which is being faced by Jadavpur University at the moment is who will discharge the duties of deans till the new faculty council is elected? Though the senate, syndicate, courts and councils have been restructured and reconstituted, to form the faculty councils will take some time. The trouble lies herein. The amended university act which has been notified by the government does not mention about the functioning of deans during the transition till the new faculty councils are formed.Though an attempt was made to nominate deans by the vice-chancellor of JU, the meetings convened could not be done looking at the legal hassles which may arise if the decision was implemented.\"The old faculty council and old deans have ceased to function from the date since last Executive Council and the Court held a meeting and decided to dismantle FC based on a communication from the state higher education council. The council however has also said that apart from freshly elected deans no other people can be nominated to the posts. The communication from the council says that these are meagerly observations and should not be considered as a legal document. It further states that university can seek further clarifications from the department on the issue,\" says a senior EC member.He added, \"if the old faculty council members and the deans will function during the transition period till the new faculty council is formed or will there be some other arrangements made, has not been specified in the act or by the higher education department.\"Due to the absence of any specific guideline, JU authorities unilaterally took a decision of nominating three deans. A notice was issued on March 9 and meetings with head of the departments convened on March 12 and March 13. But, finally the meetings were postponed keeping in mind the legal hassles which will arise if new deans are nominated till the new faculty council is formed,\" said Partha Pratim Biswas, secretary of Jadavpur University Teachers' Association (JUTA).Biswas adds, \"we strongly believe that during this transition period what will be the modalities of faculty council or the deans is not clear in the act as it is clear in case of the EC and court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12311675", "title": "Delays mar Buddha Nullah project", "text": "LUDHIANA: One year was not enough for the authorities to start the bioremediation project for treating Buddha Nullah water, which was inaugurated with much fanfare by the then environment minister Jairam Ramesh on April 23, 2011. Residents rue that authorities had announced the project only to gain political mileage.PPCB officials, however, claim the delay has proved to be a blessing in disguise, as the technology would have failed. The upgradation of sewerage treatment plants (STP) and installation of common effluent treatment plants (CETP) are still pending. Meanwhile, sources revealed that the project has been dumped because of changes in environment ministry and central pollution control department, who were tackling it.The ministry had raised concerns about the maintenance of technology after its installation following which MC had assured to keep Rs 7.65crore for its maintenance for next 5 years. Secretary, Punjab Pollution Control Board, Babu Ram said, \"We are here to assist this project but there is some problem at the ministry level because they have not released funds.\" Under the project, 5 bridges were to be constructed on 30km stretch of drain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12312438", "title": "32-yr-old woman 'raped'", "text": "KOLKATA: A 32-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a youth at Sathchura near Basirhat in North 24-Parganas on Saturday morning. The victim's husband has lodged a complaint with Basirhat police.According to the complaint, the victim had taken some goats to a nearby field for grazing when the incident happened. The accused, Abdul Gaji, forcibly took the woman to a bush near the field and raped her. On returning home, the woman narrated the incident to her family members following which the police complaint was lodged. lodged by the victim's husband Sirajul Islam with Basirhat PS, the his wife went to a nearby field taking goats for grazing when the incident took place. Gaji, a local youth forcibly took her away in a bush near the field and raped her. After returning home the woman narrated her plight to her family members and went to the cop's door to lodge a complaint along with her husband.Police are looking for Gaji. It is said that he reportedly fled the area after committing the crime. who reportedly fled the area soon after committing the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12310568", "title": "ACB files report on probe into liquor scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials on Saturday submitted a report along with the required annexures to the high Court on their ongoing probe into the liquor syndicate scam in the state. According to the officials, the report has more than 3,000 pages and narrates the efforts made by the probe agency so far.The ACB officials filed this report following a direction from the court earlier. The HC, while hearing a public interest petition filed by OM Debora of Forum for A Better Hyderabad who wanted the court to monitor the probe, sought to know from the ACB the status of its probe. The petitioner expressed several apprehensions about the independence of the ACB in getting to the root of the problem. The case will come up for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312187", "title": "Chirag Nursery faces axe as new station comes up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro's proposed station at the Chirag Dilli intersection will come at a price. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has asked that the existing Chirag Nursery be relocated to an alternate site, clearing the way for the underground station to be built in its place. While DMRC says it will convert the space into a green area after construction is over, environmentalists say the nursery is decades old and relocating it would be tough. The Delhi Development Authority (DDA), which owns the nursery, is yet to identify an alternate site for the nursery.A senior DDA official said, \"We are yet to receive a formal request from DMRC. There have been informal talks about a possible relocation, though we haven't identified any alternate site yet. Once the request comes, we will take a decision.\"Sources say the nursery is one of the oldest in the city and houses several unique flora and medicinal plants. Officials from the forest department of Delhi government say that for the Kalindi Kunj depot area, DMRC has sought permission to cut 380 trees. The Chirag Dilli nursery falls within this region.\"A proposal has been received and is under consideration . The nursery houses a sizeable number of fully grown trees and we are working with DMRC to save as many of them as possible,\" said a senior official. The forest department stated categorically that so far no permission had been granted for any tree cutting at the nursery. Incidentally, Delhi Metro plans to restore the ground level of the station area and convert it into a park or green area.\"With the last two phases, DMRC found itself in a lot trouble over location of its lines and stations. This time, to avoid crowded areas and roads, they have identified primarily green stretches including several nurseries. For the third phase, they had initially identified about 15,000 trees, but now have brought it down to 11,511 in the 107km stretch,\" said a source.Ajay Mahajan of NGO Kalpavriksha said, \"The nursery has some of Delhi's oldest and biggest neem trees, other than several other heritage trees. The greenery in that area has already been affected by the BRT. Being a traffic-heavy zone, the area needs these trees. It is grossly irresponsible on part of DMRC if they intend to build a station there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12320065", "title": "Traditional anti-flood strategies now proving ineffective: Study by ICIMOD", "text": "GUWAHATI: For years, the people in Dhemaji and Lakhimpur districts on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra have lived with devastating floods and dealt with them thanks to their traditional knowledge that made them flood-resilient.But the latest report compiled by Kathmandu-based International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) - 'Role of Policy and Institutions in Local Adaptation to Climate Change' have found that indigenous coping strategies of local communities are increasingly proving to be ineffective in dealing with floods. Some of these strategies are building houses on stilts, planting more flood-tolerant crops, devising food storage systems suited to riverine environments, and developing social support systems.ICIMOD's study on 'Effectiveness of flood mitigation infrastructure in addressing water hazards: Cases in India and Nepal' pointed out that Assam has been experiencing an increase frequency of deluges and flashfloods since the last 20 years. Partha Das and Himadri Bhuyan are authors of this study.\"Floodwaters are reported to carry more debris and sand in recent years. These coping strategies have become less effective in recent years in the face of increasingly frequent and more virulent floods,\" Das, who is the head of environmental NGO Aaranyak's water, climate and hazard programme, said.The study, a copy of which is with TOI, observed that in a situation of increasing frequency of floods, the people in these districts excessively look to embankments as a protection.\"Present flood management practices dominated by structural interventions have failed to provide long-term protection. Embankments have failed frequently, with resulting floods putting the communities' lives and social order out of balance every year,\" the study noted.The study examined and analyzed governance systems in the management of flood infrastructure, mainly embankments, in Assam and the Koshi River basin panning parts of Nepal and India.Das said that in Dhemaji district, people suffered in flashfloods of the Jiadhal river - a Brahmaputra tributary - mostly due to breaches in embankments. Same is the case with Matmora in Lakhimpur district, where a breach in the dike in 2007-8 caused extensive flood damage.The study said flashfloods from Jiadhal are infamous for high silt content, frequently-shifting channels, and intense erosive action. Its two banks are embanked covering a distance of about 20km downstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312122", "title": "Polio rounds get 3 years extension", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though not a single polio case has been reported in Uttar Pradesh in last one year, the pulse polio rounds will continue for the next three years.One of the reasons for continuing the drive is the large number of patients suffering from acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), a symptom that indicates the presence of wild polio virus. It is on account of such high number of AFP cases that the risk of polio may not be completely ruled out.Figures from the National Polio Surveillance Project (a WHO body that monitors polio immunization programme in India) reveal that almost a third of total AFP cases in India are from UP. In 2011, of 60,782 cases reported in the country, more than 22,300 were from UP. Till March 12 this year, 2855 AFP cases have been reported.A polio round will be held on Sunday. \"It is only through sustained efforts that we can eliminate polio virus from the map of UP,\" said Lucknow chief medical officer Dr Ashok Mishra. He said about 2,800 booths have been set up to cover around 8.01 lakh children in the city. Monday onwards, children will be covered in the house to house visit.Experts said in a recent meeting between officials of the health ministry and representatives of NPSP, it was concluded that \"though India has achieved a major milestone of not reporting any case of polio for more than a year and as a result India has been struck off WHO's polio endemic list, the job is not done yet\".Thus, the health ministry would continue with efforts to promote community awareness, support polio eradication programme and motivate the polio workforce. Since UP and Bihar were especially sensitive for polio, these states would remain the core of focus. Along with this, the India expert advisory group on polio stressed on the need for a highly sensitive surveillance system that is capable of rapidly picking up cases of polio anywhere in the country.As a part of surveillance, any child below 15 years who suddenly develops floppiness or weakness or paralysis in any part of the body is investigated thoroughly. These cases are called Acute Flaccid Paralysis (AFP). Stool samples are collected from all AFP cases and tested to rule out polio as a cause of the illness. Polio is one of the several causes of AFP and not the only cause for AFP. It is incorrect to call an AFP case a polio case until confirmed by laboratory test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312193", "title": "Lucknow DIG, Noida CEO get marching orders", "text": "LUCKNOW: The process of shifting officials, who had enjoyed plum postings during the Mayawati regime, continued on Saturday with the SP government transferring chief executive officer of NOIDA, S K Dwivedi and Lucknow DIG D K Thakur.Earlier on March 15, after Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in as the chief minister, transfer orders were served on a handful of officials who had been holding key positions in the CM's Secretariat. Two of the prominent officers who had replaced the old faces are R M Srivastava, who has been appointed as principal secretary (Home) and Anita Singh who has been made secretary to the CM.While Dwivedi has been kept waiting, Thakur has been sent to RTC, Chunar in Mirzapur in the same capacity replacing Jasveer Singh, who has been attached to the DGP Headquarters in Lucknow. Others who face the wrath of SP government is SP (City) Meerut B P Ashok, who has also been sent to RTC Chunar, replasing Vijay Yadav, who has also been attached to DGP Headquarters in the state capital.DIG Thakur's transfer was always on cardsThe move didn't came as a surprise, at least in the case of Lucknow DIG and SP (City) Meerut, as exactly a year ago photographs of Thakur kicking a Samajwadi Party worker in front of Vidhan Sabha were flashed in various publications and TV channels. Sources in the administration say that the incident had sealed Thakur's fate.Two days after Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in as chief minister, shunting orders were served on Thakur on Saturday afternoon. Thakur has been replaced by Ashutosh Pandey, who was Lucknow SSP during an earlier SP regime.\"This was bound to happen,\" said a senior official talking to TOI, as the memory of SP workers being mercilessly thrashed in Lucknow was still fresh in the minds of senior SP leaders. Akhilesh had even mentioned the incident to mediapersons after being sworn in as the CM.Thakur is not alone to have faced the wrath of the SP government. Following him to RTC, Chunar, is the controversial ASP B P Ashok. At the time of three-day Samajwadi Party agitation in March 2011, Ashok as SP (Lucknow East) was accused by the Samajwadi Party leaders of manhandling Akhilesh at Amausi Airport upon his return from New Delhi.Akhilesh had then complained of the ASP's high-handedness and even lodged a complaint with the National Human Rights Commission in this connection. The inquiry into the matter, sources said, is still on. Ashok had also been suspended after he was accused of manhandling a journalist of an electronic channel. However, he was reinstated and posted as SP (City) Meerut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12312136", "title": "Times Auto Fair begins in top gear", "text": "LUCKNOW: The much awaited Times Auto Fair began at the Balrampur Gardens on Saturday. This year, the 5th Zigwheels Auto Fair features eight of the most popular brands in the four-wheeler segment and three of the best brands in the two-wheeler segment.The two-day fair is open for public from noon till 9pm.Customers can get information about the latest additions in brands, svelte accessories and the security and safety features. The Times Auto Fair is a one-stop-solution for everything one would want to know about their dream vehicles.The brands on display include Hyundai , Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Nissan , Ford , Volkswagen , TATA, Honda and Maruti in the four-wheeler segment, while the coveted models of Hero Moto Corp, Honda and TVS are on display from the two-wheeler segment. And, those looking for the latest accessories for cars, should not miss the counter of Bosch Accessories.Shantanu Shukla, head of sales and operation at Nissan, said: \"A fair of this scale attracts huge crowds as people are able to have a direct interface with multiple dealers at one place and even get a chance to compare the cars of the same segment. It is the third time we are participating in this fair and we have always received an excellent response. The turn out on the first day was great and we hope more people will visit the fair on Sunday.\"To help visitors to buy their dream car, two leading banks -- State Bank of India and the Allahabad Bank - have put up stalls to provide information on various schemes and car loan plans. Ashutosh Gupta, who visited the fair, said, \"I think it's great to be able to access not only all information about the features of cars but also get all answers to our car loan queries at one place. I have got great insights on the finance as well as the features of different brands from segment I'm planning to buy. I'm glad that I came here.\"So if you haven't visited the biggest auto fair in town yet, don't miss out on it today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312484", "title": "Time-traveller\u2019s company", "text": "What is common to the Prince of Wales , the Maharaja of Mysore and the Parthasarathy temple in Triplicane? The royal families of Great Britain and Mysore own intricate silverware crafted by Chennai's P Orr &amp; Sons, while security guards at the 8th century temple still punch in every 30 minutes on a clock made by the company.The fate of the iconic business house is now in court with the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) seeking to protect the heritage building and its precinct on Anna Salai from a demolition threat from Chennai Metro Rail Limited. P Orr &amp; Sons, established in 1849, has created watches, unassuming wedding rings, expensive diamond ornaments and rifles and guns.\"I felt sad when I heard about the move to demolish it. The building has been here from the white man's time,\" says D Ramakrishnan, an employee, referring to the firm's colonial past.P Orr &amp; Sons was founded by Peter Orr , a Scottish watch and chronometer maker, who came to Madras in 1843 in search of business opportunities. He started out with a partner in a firm in Georgetown. After his partner retired, Orr moved to Mount Road in 1849. As manufacturing watches required scientific precision, the firm also used its skilled workforce to make land survey equipment, including engineering apparatus, theodolites, binoculars and table lamps.\"In the 1850s, the British government paid a lot of importance to conducting geological surveys because land revenue was based on it,\" says historian V Sriram. The precision work helped the company move into making fine jewellery in its Chennai workshop. By 1873, the company had expanded into silverware and diamond and gold jewellery, and was prosperous enough to commission a new showroom designed by architect Robert Chisholm.The iconic building in the Indo-Saracenic style of architecture with a clock tower still functions as the company's showroom. It had branches in London, Rangoon (now Yangon, the capital of Myanmar ) and Ooty. Over the years, the company branched out into a number of areas, including manufacturing punkhas run on steam, assembling bicycles, and making hunting weapons.P Orr &amp; Sons even created the ornate silver howdahs that are still placed on elephants during Mysore Maharaja's procession in the workshops behind the showroom. Till the 1930s, it had its own gramophone record label. But it had made a name for itself for fine craftsmanship of watches and jewellery.\"When World War II broke out, the manager of the firm's Rangoon branch escaped to India with a bundle of precious gems,\" says Sriram. The firm also created arms and ammunition during World War II. \"We were expert gunsmiths,\" says T S Balajee, senior manager. All that stopped 30 years ago. Now, the firm sells watches, and makes grandfather clocks and survey equipment. It still continues a few traditions, like maintaining three well-known clock towers in the city, including the one atop its Anna Salai showroom. \"Every week, a mechanic visits the clock towers in Royapettah and Mint to wind the clocks and keep them in running condition. It's what we do best,\" says Balajee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315073", "title": "Swasika goes back to her roots", "text": "Unlike other heroines who migrated to Tamil and Telugu from the Malayalam film industry, 20-year-old Swasika made her debut in Tamil, went on to Telugu and finally landed herself a role in Mollywood.While she was still a student, she bagged a role in the Tamil film Gorippalayam. Her impressive list of films in Tamil include Maidhanam, Kandathum Kannathathum and Saattai (in which she played wife to actor-director Samuthirakani).After her Tollywood flick, Swasika, whose real name is Pooja, seems to have got herself a foot in Mollywood with Mamas' Cinema Company. Her role in Sajeevan Anthikkad's Prabhuvinte Makkal is that of the lead heroine. In most of her K-Town flicks, she has essayed the role of a village belle. \"I think I fit into such roles rather well. I hope to be able to continue to stick to the image even in Mollywood,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12312070", "title": "Father seeks justice under Protection and Welfare of Parents Act, 2007", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 66-year-old Sudhir Singla of Sector 37, who retired from Punjab Irrigation Department seven years ago had spent his life's entire savings on the education of his three children, is now a dumped father. He has knocked the door of a local court of SDM seeking maintenance charges for his livelihood under Protection and Welfare of Parents Act, 2007 from his elder son.I had never thought that I will have to move court against my own blood, but the changed attitude of my three children forced me to take this step, Singla told TOI. He said, Situation became worse after my wifes death.Singla is not the only senior citizen of Chandigarh, who approached the court of area sub-divisional magistrate (SDM). Around 25 elderly have moved different courts seeking maintenance charges from their children in last six months.The plight of these people came to light during an awareness seminar on Protection and Welfare of Parents Act, 2007 at Government Museum and Arts Gallery, Sector 10, on Saturday. The seminar was organized by Chandigarh Senior Citizens Association (CSCA).Om Parkash, 65, of Sector 27 also approached the SDM seeking maintenance charges from his two sons. For the past one-and-half years I was ignored by my family and was subjected to rude behaviour by both my sons and daughters-in-law, he rued. Parkash had shifted to Chandigarh after selling his five acre agriculture land in Gurdaspur district around 32 years ago and his two sons have established their own small-time businesses in the city.SDM (south) Nidhi Srivastva, who was a member of panel, said, We have received 10 to 15 complaints by elderly people against their children. But the actual situation is worse as not many people move the court.\"CSCA president Brig (retd) Keshav Chandra said, \"Though senior citizen association is receiving a number of complaints from senior citizens highlighting harassment at hands of their children, majority of them refused to file complaint.\" Our motive was to encourage them to file complaints, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12313983", "title": "I want to write and direct films: Sajid Khan", "text": "Sajid Khan was at his wittiest best, giving Mirror reader Agnel Dmello a little heart burn and a whole lot of laughsMeeting a celebrity for the first time can be intimidating and our reader Agnel Dmello knew exactly how that felt. He wore a tie and formals for a meeting with Sajid Khan at the director's residence. Sajid was taken aback and remarked, laughing, 'Abbe yaar, you look like a salesman! Tie utaar de'.Agnel's anxiety was obviously compounded. As he was searching for words, Sajid eased his nervousness by asking, \"Tu karta kya hai?\" He replied, \"I work for a company that manages IPOs in Bhandup.\" Sajid said, \"Bhandup! You will be very happy to see Housefull 2.\" Agnel nervously blurted out, \"Yeah, I've watched it.\" Sajid with a puzzled look said, \"Where have you seen it? It has not released yet!\" Agnel, trying to cover up his faux-pas, said, \"I know, Bhandup mein picture bana hai.\" To which Sajid retorted, \"Arre, Bhandup mein nahi, picture main Bhandup hai. Ritesh (Deshmukh) bolta hai ki woh Bhandup mein rehta hai.\"Managing to change the topic, Agnel asked if Sajid would make films other than comedies. \"I like to make films that work with the audience. Not necessarily comedy. My next film with Ajay Devgn, Himmatwala is not a comedy,\" said Sajid. Agnel remembered an old movie he'd seen Sajid in and remarked, \"Sir, I watched Jhoot Bole Kauwa Kaate. You acted very well alongside Anil Kapoor , Amrish Puri and Juhi Chawla .\" Sajid replied, \"Thank you. But I did not direct that and I think I was very bad.\" Agnel asked, \"Any further plans to act?\" Sajid replied, \"I might do television shows, but don't have any plans to act. I am 41 years old. I want to write and direct films.\"\"So is it easier making comedy films?\" Agnel asked. Sajid believes that comedy is not about having a sense of humour, but comic timing. \"If you crack a superb joke with superb timing then it becomes a classic. Otherwise, even a brilliant line or the best joke goes unnoticed. For this to happen, you have to spend a lot of time with your actors. I have worked with Akshay (Kumar) and Ritesh earlier, so working with them makes things easier.\"\"So what about actors you haven't worked with?\" asked Agnel. \"I spent time understanding John (Abraham). During a promo shoot of the film last year, Akshay, Ritesh, John and I were shooting. Without giving them a script, I told them achha tu yeh bol de, tu woh bolde. John was a little surprised and he said he wanted to rehearse first. But comedy is something that cannot be rehearsed. It is organic. I told John to drop his defences, and just go with the flow. Later, he came to me and said, 'I am all yours. I am like clay and you can mould me the way you want. Just look after me.' You will be surprised by his comic timing in the film,\" says Sajid.Agnel seemed impressed and wanted to know which director inspires Sajid. \"James Cameron is my all time favourite,\" says Sajid. \"I was 18 when I watched The Abyss. I saw it 17-18 times in a month. I had never seen anything like that. Everybody says Avatar is spectacular because of the 3D effects. But for me, The Abyss was more so because of the superb screenplay. It was a big flop at the box office, but it's still my favourite film.\"After we left Sajid's residence, Agnel revealed that he had got a blazer to wear as well. \"I thought there would be a dress code for the occasion. I am glad I didn't wear it with the tie, or he would have been hopping mad,\" he laughed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315205", "title": "\u2018Nandaa has finally arrived\u2019", "text": "Director Sharada Ramanathan truly believes that her film, Pudhiya Tiruppangal, will showcase Nandaa in a never-seen-before avatar.Says the director, \"Nandaa plays this young, urban and upwardly mobile person. Things change overnight for him when he's thrown into a completely opposite planet, filled with dark and murky people.Though the film is the story of a 13-year-old child, it's narrated from Nandaa's point of view. He has to display several emotions - anger, romance, motherly affection and even humour - for his role. His character has to undergo several transformations, and along with the role, I've seen the actor in him grow and mature. I was spellbound when he gave the climax shot, and told to myself, Tamil film industry has a new star now. Nandaa has finally arrived!\"Sharada, who has earlier directed the National Award-winning film Sringaram, says she has plans of releasing Pudhiya Tiruppangal before May.\"We've almost wrapped up the film and post production work is on. Vidyasagar and Na Muthukumar have come together to give a wonderful album. Andrea, who's playing the lead, has also sung a song for us. She's a talented singer, and an equally talented actress,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12316887", "title": "Militants may make a comeback in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: After militants groups issued fresh life threatening warning to the valley-based journalists, the security agencies believe that militant strikes may increase in coming months.Prominent separatist leader and Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani advised militant groups not to target the journalists and said media in Kashmir was working under difficult circumstances and should not be coerced by any side.Geelani said he was for complete freedom of press and against any sort of pressure on journalists.\"Newspapers criticize us and we not only welcome it but also accept their right to criticize, and instead of getting angry over it we try to put forth our point of view and leave it to the public to accept or reject our version,\" Geelani said.Intelligence reports reveal that dozens of new locally recruited young militants are on prowl in the city to attack the prominent citizens including clergymen belonging to Barelawi school of thought.However, director general of police Kuldeep Khoda said only a negligible number of Jammu and Kashmir's youth are now joining militant outfits while a greater number are instead helping in anti-militancy operation.Earlier in the year, the total number of militants in the state was about 300 to 350.Dozens of Panchs and surpanchs were killed by the militants during last several months in south and north Kashmir.Moreover, militants made an abortive attempt to kill state minister A M Sagar in old city at Nawab Bazar in December, 2011 leaving his PSO Gulzar Ahmad dead while militants tried to target director information Farooq Renzu at the shrine of Dastigir sahib at Sariabala in Amira kadal only last Friday.The militants with the intention to hurt one prominent peer of Batamallo called Jalal-din-din Bangroo fired upon him with pistol on Saturday evening. The peer is battling for his life at sher-e-kashmir institute of medical sciences in Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagarkurnool", "code": "12310409", "title": "High drama at Nagam\u2019s house, two arrested", "text": "NAGARKURNOOL: High drama prevailed at the residence of independent candidate Nagam Janardhan Reddy on the eve of polling here on Saturday with the former TDP MLA's supporters detaining two persons on the charge that they were shadow police in mufti.Apparently, the two persons entered the candidate's house and started searching the different areas of the house, including the bedroom.However, Nagam's supporters soon gathered to kick up a shindy, DSP Ashok Kumar reached the site along with a posse of cops.Nagam condemned the incident of police entering his home and warned that he would lodge a complaint with the election commission.He alleged that the two policemen had demanded money from his men.However, the police said that two of their personnel went in mufti on the instruction of higher officials.Meanwhile, district SP Lakshma Reddy said that Nagam's house was searched to check the presence of non-locals and strangers within the assembly constituency going to the polls on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12311407", "title": "High Court Bar gets new president, general secretary", "text": "JAIPUR: Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma was on Saturday elected as the new president of the Rajasthan High Court Bar Association while the general secretary's post was bagged by Gaurav Gupta.Vibhuti secured a total of 802 votes and defeated his closest rival Manoj Sharma by a margin of 98 votes during the counting on Saturday. Advocate R N Mathur finished third with a total of 538 votes in his favour.The annual election for the lawyers' body took place on Friday. Gupta, who was elected general secretary, secured a total of 1,246 votes, while his nearest rival Bhuvnesh Sharma got 949 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12315945", "title": "Azam Khan takes oath as UP minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party leader Mohammad Azam Khan on Sunday took oath as a Uttar Pradesh cabinet minister for the second time following the fiasco on the first occasion when he had not taken the pledge of secrecy and office as per the Constitutional procedures.Khan was administered oath by governor B L Joshi at a function at Raj Bhawan in the presence of senior party leaders including Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Four ministers of state Rajendra Singh Rana, Arvind Singh Gope, Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar and Aruna Kori were also elevated with independent charge.They were administered oath as minister of state (independent charge) by Governor B L Joshi.Senior Congress MLA Pramod Tiwari and SP legislator Mitrasen Yadav were also administered oath as protem speakers of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly.Tiwari and Yadav were administered oath by Governor B L Joshi at a function organised at Gandhi hall of Raj Bhawan this afternoon.The two protem speakers would administer oath to the newly elected MLAs.Pramod has been elected from Rampur Khas seat in Pratapgarh district for the 10th consecutive term, whereas Yadav is MLA from Bikapur seat in Faizabad district.On March 15, 19 cabinet ministers and 28 minister of states, besides chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took oath in a grand function held at La Martinere College ground.Later, it was found that Khan had not taken the pledge of secrecy and office as per the Constitutional procedures.A PIL was filed in the Allahabad High Court claiming that Khan has not taken oath of office as a minister as provided in the Form V of the 3rd Schedule of the Constitution.A local lawyer, Yodendra Kumar Misra, had on Friday filed the writ petition through his counsel Hari Shankar Jain.The petitioner had alleged that in absence of oath of office as required, no person can perform the functions as a minister and he is to be deemed an usurper of the office.The petitioner had prayed that the court may issue a writ in the nature of quo warranto against Khan as he cannot function as a minister of the state.Taking note of the anomaly, the political leadership checked out the video recordings of the ceremony to find out the position after which it was decided that Khan should take the oath of office and secrecy again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12311728", "title": "Company vehicle will not be considered consumer: Forum", "text": "CHANDIGARH: State consumer commission Chandigarh, has held that a vehicle purchased in the name of company will not be considered as consumer product under the Consumer Protection Act and will not be entitled to any claim from the manufacturer for deficiency in services.The complainant purchased a Toyota Fortuner for Rs 19,03,950 from EM PEE Motors with warranty of 36 months or 1,00,000km, whichever comes first. According to the complainant apart from the warranty, he also took prepaid service package (smile package) from dealer by paying Rs 5,500 with validity of 20,000km, which not only offered repair free-of-cost for one year, but also free labour charges for any kind of repair, which otherwise was not covered under the warranty. The complainant said the vehicle started giving problem like failure of breaks, noise, heavy steering wheel and sticky gears, within one month of its purchase. These problems were brought to the notice of dealer on numerous occasions. The said vehicle was sent for check up as and when required by the dealer for rectification of the defects besides three free maintenance services, but they could not rectify the same being a manufacturing defect. Thereafter, on July 1, 2010, the total front wheel disc brake assembly was replaced by the company but on the night of February 26, 2011 the said vehicle again gave problem and the complainant immediately approached the dealer.On February 29, 2011, the dealer told him that the clutch plate, pressure including release bearing and flywheel were found damaged. The complainant requested them to inspect the damaged parts from its engineers and also get tested from testing house other than Toyota to know the exact reason for damage at low mileage. But they did not do anything nor gave any report for such damage. It was alleged in the absence of any fact finding technical report; just replacement of damaged parts does not resolve the basic manufacturing defect of the vehicle. Hence, there is risk to the life of the complainant while driving the said vehicle due to sudden failure of its parts.Contesting the complaint, Regency Softech Private Ltd. Argued that its a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and the complainant had acquired the said vehicle for commercial use in respect of the said business and therefore, cannot be considered as consumer within the meaning of Consumer Protection Act, 1986.After hearing all the parties, commission held that the vehicle was purchased in the name of company and was used by its director for luxury, but a vehicle purchased in the name of company will not be considered as consumer under the Consumer Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12311857", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government trims Mayawati\u2019s security cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Saturday ordered reduction in the size of the 415-men security cover provided to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former UP chief minister Mayawati. This move of the state government brings her under the Z-plus security cover to 36 NSG commandos and 20 police guards, thereby bringing her at par with all the former UP CMs including Mulayam Singh Yadav and Rajnath Singh .The decision to this effect was taken by the state home department after reviewing the security cover extended by UP Police to all political personalities. Scaling of Mayawati's security cover alone will spare no less than 300 armed policemen for other duties. Apart from the manpower, all hi-tech gadgets and equipments installed at her residence will also be withdrawn with immediate effect.Interestingly, in her very last financial statement before the assembly, Mayawati had allocated Rs 26 crore for her security, which included an addition of 14 cars (four of them bulletproof) in her fleet apart from two mobile frequency jammers. After the scale down, Mayawati will still have a bullet proof car and NSG black cats. Only their count will be much less than before.Security has always been a visible concern of Mayawati, whenever she came to power. While her political rivals claim that her fetish for security was more to flaunt her status symbol than mere threat perception. Sources in the security wing of the state police say that more than Mayawati, it was her blue eyed bureaucrats around her, who were always eager to enhance her security cover.\"Her security was assessed from head to toe at least four times and every time something or the other was added,\" said an official in the state police's security wing. \"This despite the fact that it wasn't needed in the first place,\" he said. Still some select bureaucrats were determined to ensure that the security paraphernalia around her was spruced up after every re-assessment of the threat perception to her, he said. Quite a few retired bureaucrats believe that in Mayawati's case, expressing concern over her security came as a blessing in disguise for the babus around her.The issue of Mayawati's security also gave these babus scope to assert their supremacy as well. \"While one of the officers ordered all multi-storied buildings to block all the windows and balconies that could offer a view of 5 Kalidas Marg, the official residence of UP CM, another one went a step further ordering bullet proof panes for her office windows. The third one apparently emerged on the top of the rest when he suggested that the state government must demand Special Protection Group (SPG) cover from the Centre.Sycophancy touched a ridiculous high, when one of them even suggested Mayawati to hire commandos from world famous intelligence agency Mossad .It was only after some of them realised that things were getting unreal, that they closed the issue.This was not the only time that the babus have cashed in on Mayawati's threat perception issue. Shortly after she was sworn in as CM, UP police arrested two Lashkar operatives who were supposedly out to target some top politicians including Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi .Desperate to ensure that Rahul did not get all the media attention alone, a very senior IPS officer went ahead to claim that their prime target was UP CM.So much so that the police claimed to have recovered a hand sketched road map leading to 5 Kalidas Marg from the possession of the operatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12310738", "title": "Accused didn\u2019t flee till morning", "text": "GURGAON: Six of the seven accused involved in the gang rape of a pub employee told a city court on Friday that they had left the Rajiv Nagar room late on Monday morning, while the seventh one fled from there only on Tuesday morning after reading the newspapers.The woman was allegedly raped in this room. The accused told the court that six of them had left for their village-Madina-in Rohtak on Monday. However, it was only on Tuesday that they got to know about a massive search operation being launched to nab them. They fled from their village early in the morning.A senior cop said the accused have mentioned in their confession that they had raped the 23-year-old woman in the rented room of Amarjeet. Six of them had come to Gurgaon in an Alto on Sunday afternoon and met Amarjeet. They headed towards Sahara Mall for a night out.\"When they saw the victim in the mall, they decided to abduct her. They dragged her out of the taxi and took her to Amarjeet's room in Rajiv Nagar,\" said a cop. \"When the accused learnt that the cops havecome to know of the rape, they went into hiding. They were in regular touch,\" said a source. But police caught all of them in less than 48 hours. The police produced six of the accused-Naveen, Ankit, Rupesh, Mohit alias Ghassad, Amarjeet-before a chief judicial magistrate Jasbeer Singh's court. They were sent to 14 days' judicial custody. The other accused -a minor-was sent to a juvenile home in Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311877", "title": "Speeding car knocks down 2 students", "text": "NAGPUR: Two students were killed on the spot and another two injured after being hit by a Honda city, allegedly being driven by four drunken youths, at Rahate Colony Square on Saturday evening. The Dhantoli police have brought in two students from a reputed college for questioning.The dead youths were second year electronic students at the Government Industrial Training Institute on Deekshabhoomi Road. They were walking towards Rahate Colony to board buses which would take them home when the incident happened.One of the deceased, Vaibhav Ghuguskar (20) was thrown more than 15 feet in the air and landed on the bonnet. 21-year-old Sagar Bawne, who too died, fell on the divider. Kailash Birde and Sushil Uikey, both 22-years-old, were lucky to escape death but were injured after falling on the footpath.\"For a few seconds, I stood numb,\" said Bunty Ambure, an eyewitness and a student of the institute.The toll would have been much higher had the four been walking along with their rest of the classmates. Ghuguskar and the other three were a little ahead of another group following a little behind.\"I tried to lift Ghuguskar but he was not showing any movement. He was bleeding profusely and the skin had scorched,\" said Ambure. Within minutes, the passers-by and college authorities reached the spot and rushed the students to a nearby private hospital.Ghuguskar, a resident of Shanti Nagar, and Bawne, a resident of Vandevi Nagar, were declared brought dead while Uikey and Birde are stated to be in critical condition.Ambure counts himself lucky that he was walking some distance behind the four. \"The killer car had just gone past me. I could hear loud music being played in the car and the windows were closed,\" he said.Ambure claimed that the car was moving at high speed and in a zigzag fashion. \"Suddenly, the car veered to the left and knocked down all four who were on the road and not on the footpath,\" he added.After the collision, the driver hit the brakes but the car dragged on for more than 50 feet. It finally came to a halt after one of its tyre burst. The four passengers in the car managed to flee before people could nab them, police said. In a fit of anger, students and passers-by pelted stones and damaged the windows of the car.Principal of the institute AR Rangari told TOI that though UIkey and Birde are stated to be out of danger they are are still in intensive care unit. \"We have informed their parents. Only Bawne's father is yet to come as he had been to Gondia for some work. Careless driving of youths has claimed innocent lives of the students. Cops should immediately arrest the driver and others,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12317515", "title": "5000 farmers to take part in Kissan Mela in Jammu from Mar 19", "text": "JAMMU: Nearly 5,000 farmers from various parts of the country are taking part in the two-day Kishan Mela organised by Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology (SKUAST) here from March 19, officials said today.\"It is expected that about 5,000 farmers will participate in this two-day Kissan mega event from March 19 here. Farmers, women farmers from the neighbouring states Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana are also expected to participate in the mela\", SKUAST officials said here.In the mela, the innovative technologies generated will be exhibited by various ICAR institutes, SAUs and other research institutes in the field of agriculture and animal husbandry for the benefit of farmers.The Kissan Mela will also offer a platform to farmers, farm women, livestock owners, entrepreneurs, NGOs, scientists, scholars to interact and exchange their views and experiences.A large number of farmers, farm women and field functionaries from agriculture, horticulture, floriculture, sericulture, apiculture and rural development departments will participate in the &quot;Kissan Mela-2012&quot;.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12312458", "title": "Acquired immune deficiency syndrome figures down yet situation grim", "text": "NAGPUR: Confirming to the global trend of a fall in the number of new cases of HIV infections, the data from Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society (MSACS) shows a steep decline in the state as well. The National AIDS Control Program, currently running in its third phase, seems to have hit its target of stopping the epidemic proportions that the disease had once acquired.A majority of the people living with HIV (PLHIVs) lives in four states: Andhra Pradesh (5 lakh, 21%), Maharashtra (4.2 lakh, 18%), Karnataka (2.5 lakh, 10%) and Tamil Nadu (1.5 lakh, 6%), with the state homing the second largest number of positive people. Out of the total of 24 lakh PLHIVs in the country, they together are home to for 55%.The data also shows a big rise in the number of facilities provided for testing as well as caring for those affected by the virus. The number of Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTCs), Primary Health Centres (PHCs) as well as preferred private providers (PPP) has gone up tremendously. The number of ART centres in the state has seen a fourfold increase from 13 in 2006 to 53 in the end of 2011.One dark cloud, though, has been trying to prevent the infection being passed from infected mothers to foetus. Though the number of those tested in the Antenatal clinics (ANCs) has seen a fall in the positive percentage, the absolute numbers show a scary reality. In the state, Gondiya, Washim and Sindhudurg are the only three districts which have less than 1% of the ANC population with the disease during the last three years with all other districts showing prevalence among more than 1% population.\"It is a good sign that the overall number of new cases has decreased over the years. However, there are still many positive cases among ANCs, which is a big cause of concern,\" said Ramesh Devkar, project director of MSACS. He also stressed the point that the slowdown of the infection is no reason to show complacency as that can result in a recurrence of the HIV epidemic.\"So many organizations, both government as well as non-government are working towards reducing the number of people affected by the virus. There have been innumerous mass media campaigns for information dissemination,\" said Hemant Kapse of Centre for Advocacy and Research (CFAR) speaking about the reasons for this trend.He believes that the adolescent age group is still not been reached out through the various programmes. \"Despite all the awareness, there is a need to fight the stigma, rights to education, property and health of the PLHIVs,\" he added.An HIV activist from the city, though, believes that there is a huge gap of services in the high risk groups like commercial sex workers, truckers and migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12314540", "title": "Ed Miliband's office at House of Commons 'burgled'", "text": "LONDON: Britain's opposition Labour Party chief Ed Miliband's parliamentary office has been reportedly burgled.Though it's still unclear whether anything was stolen from Miliband's office at House of Commons on Friday evening, British intelligence agency MI5 has launched a major probe into the \"sensitive\" incident, the 'Sunday Express' reported.The 42-year-old is the most senior politician outside the UK government to receive regular updates from MI5 and external spy agency MI6. He is also regularly briefed by Downing Street on all matters relating to security.\"While the police have not confirmed what, if anything, was taken, Mr Miliband is party to information of the utmost importance and sensitivity.\"For someone to break into his office suite, start going through drawers and flicking through folders full of official documents is extremely worrying. This will not be taken lightly,\" a senior MI5 source was quoted as saying.In fact, the incident came to light late on Friday evening when Miliband was not in his parliamentary office.Police were called just before 7 PM to reports of forced entry to premises in Norman Shaw South building, the former Scotland Yard headquarters, next to Portcullis House.Although Miliband's personal office, in which he has a private safe containing top secret documents, was untouched, an aide reported damage to the front door of his private suite used by the Labour leader to brief staff.MI5 officials later conducted a thorough sweep to see if any highly sensitive policy papers had been taken. They also checked to see if any listening devices had been planted.A Labour spokesman said: \"It looks like the policy office has been deliberately targeted. We don't know if anything has been taken or the motivation for this crime but we are deeply concerned that it can take place in Palace of Westminster.\"Last year, there were 40 incidents of theft at the House of Commons, including 25 laptops and three mobiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12311372", "title": "Nagpur and Chandrapur to get two manufacturing clusters", "text": "NAGPUR: The Union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) has selected Nagpur and Chandrapur cities in Vidarbha to develop as garment manufacturing and fly-ash product manufacturing clusters, respectively.The ministry is setting up two common facility centres (CFCs) in the two cities for promotion and development of different products in the two sectors. These centres will have all the facilities for manufacturing products, developing new technologies and testing facilities under one roof.KRK Prasad, the MSME director in city, told TOI that the ministry has already allocated Rs 13.50 crore for setting a CFC in fly-ash products in the industrial estate on Mul road in Chandrapur and it has in principle made a provision of Rs 15 crore for a CFC in garment as a part of cluster development scheme of the ministry. The work on the construction of fly-ash CFC has already begun in Chandrapur while the process of land procurement for garment CFC beyond Pardi on Bhandara Road has been completed and further procedure is on.\"Not many may know that city has as many as 750 garment manufacturing units providing employment to over 3000 persons. The small-scale industry has an annual turnover of Rs 900 crore. Most of the ready-made garments (non-branded) including shirts, trousers, salwar suits and children wear are produced across the city in small units run by individuals or groups,\" said the deputy director of MSME, PM Parlewar. \"In Chandrapur, a huge amount of fly ash is generated from the thermal power station.\"CFCs are a part of the cluster development programme of the ministry under which it helps the entrepreneurs in technology upgradation, market development and capacity building. It provides 75% finance to the project and remaining 25% is the cluster's share. The amount goes up to 90% in case of women and entrepreneurs from SC/ST categories. Funds are released through special purpose vehicle (SPV) attached to the nearest MSME office. For the two projects in Vidarbha, Parlewar is the SPV in-charge.\"There are generally two types of interventions under the programme. In the first stage, the ministry provides funds for providing training in product development with latest available technologies and is called as soft intervention. In the second stage, called as hard intervention the ministry gives a one-time grant for construction and infrastructure development (all manufacturing and testing equipment) of the CFC where all the entrepreneurs in the field can take training, learn new technologies and get their products tested,\" explained Parlewar.Soft intervention for fly-ash cluster in Chandrapur had started about two years back and the hard intervention began recently. The city already has 50 units making different fly-ash based products like bricks, paver blocks, ready-mix fly-ash concrete and roofing and flooring tiles and many others are in the pipeline.The detailed project report for CFC for the garment cluster was prepared in 2009 and the plan was approved in 2011. The garment CFC will have a computer aided designing (CAD), embroidery, washing, stitching and testing facility along with job work.Cluster Projects Coming UpDal mill cluster in Nagpur (Bagadganj area already has 100 dal mills with Rs 1000 crore turn over)Fabrication cluster in NagpurBamboo cluster in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli clusterRice mill cluster in ChandrapurGarment and oil mill clusters in Amravati. (Amravati already has 100 units manufacturing designer frocks for girls with Rs 100 crore turn over for which soft intervention has been approved this year)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12312165", "title": "Metro ropes in new technology to build Chirag Dilli station", "text": "NEW DELHI: All those travelling through the chaotic BRT should gird themselves for another traffic hurdle at the Chirag Dilli intersection. Delhi Metro is planning to start work on a Metro station near the intersection later this year. However, commuters can take comfort from the fact that a major portion of the work will be done using a new technology that will minimize the need for digging.A Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson said, \"Though the station will be built using the cut-and-cover method, the subways that will connect the station with Panchsheel Enclave, Chirag Dilli and Masjid Moth will be constructed using box pushing technology.\"The technology involves the use of RCC boxes in segments that are cast and then pushed through the heavy embankment of the road to create a tunnel.This is the first time DMRC is making use of this technology. The reason is the heavy volume of traffic at the Chirag Dilli intersection. The spokesperson said, \"We opted for this technology as we wanted to cause minimum disruption of traffic movement in the area.\"\"The station itself will be built using the cut-and-cover method, but most of the work will be outside the intersection area, where there is the Chirag Nursery at present,\" said the official. The station, which is to be built underground , will be on the Janakpuri (west) to Kalindi Kunj corridor.Located 16m underground, the station will be built to accommodate a six-coach train and will have five entry and exit points. These will allow access to those living in the neighbouring areas of Panchsheel Enclave, Masjid Moth, DDA colony, Chirag Dilli, Sheikh Sarai, Madangir and Khanpur. The station will provide connectivity to the Hauz Khas Metro station on line 2 (HUDA City Centre-Jahangirpuri ) for central Delhi, Gurgaon and the Delhi University area. The other two interchange stations on this line are Kalkaji and Janakpuri (west).Delhi Metro will also build three subways to provide easy access to the Chirag Dilli station . Two subways will be constructed on Outer Ring Road and one on the BRT corridor . The Delhi Metro official said, \"The subways will be located outside the paid area, so that pedestrians can use it to cross the road.\"DMRC will also for the first time construct bus bays and auto drop-off points at a Metro station in Delhi.Two bus bays will be built-one right in front of the Metro station and the other on the Panchsheel Enclave side-while five auto drop-off points will be built near the station for smooth flow of traffic. DMRC says the Chirag Dilli Metro station is expected to have a ridership of 20,000 by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315872", "title": "Flowers thrown at Shraddha Das's face", "text": "Actress Shraddha Das (of \"Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji\" fame) was in for some crazy surprise as fans threw garlands at her when she paid a visit to Kurnool district for the opening of a sari showroom.The actress, who seemed excited prior to the event, was quite taken aback while on her return.An excited Shraddha had announced earlier, \"Off to Kurnool district early morning tomorrow, opening a saree showroom.\" But it was a different story while she was on her way back to Hyderabad. Talking about it, Sharaddha says, \"My God! Crazyyyy crowds in Kurnool, garland thrown at my face!\"Shraddha had another inauguration in the pipeline. She had to inaugurate a designer exhibition in Hyderabad and so, she quickly laughed off the incident. In fact, the actress has been quite a regular with inauguration that she can't really remember how many showrooms she has inaugurated. \"I have lost count of the number of showrooms I have opened by now, I guess they should cal me 'inauguration queen' instead of 'sequel queen',\" she laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12319973", "title": "Munda, deputy in Mumbai for joint RS nominee", "text": "RANCHI: Unable to reach a consensus for the two Rajya Sabha candidates, chief minister Arjun Munda and his deputy Hemant Soren went to Mumbai on Sunday to meet BJP national president and resolve the matter.Instead of a service flight, the two took a special flight for Mumbai in the afternoon because the last date for nomination is Monday and the matter has to be settled at the earliest.Sources in the BJP said Munda and his deputy, who is the son of JMM chief Shibu Soren , will discuss the possibilities of fielding a joint candidate for the two Rajya Sabha seats that will fall vacant on April 2. If the parties agree, they can expect to win both the seats without much problem.\"A candidate needs 27 votes to win the election and if we are able to reach a consensus, our candidate will win easily with the support of Ajsu Party, Janata Dal (United) and some independent legislators,\" said a source. The BJP and the JMM has 18 MLAs each and Ajsu Party and JD (U) has five and two legislators respectively in the 81-member assembly. JMM spokesman Supriyo Bhattacharya said the party wanted to field a joint candidate and ensure victory. \"We are discussing every aspect with our allies.\"On the other hand, the Congress has decided that state unit president Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu will be the party candidate. Former Union minister and in-charge of party affairs in Jharkhand Shakel Ahmad said Balmuchu would file his nomination on Monday. All India Congress Committee secretary Asha Kumari will be present in Ranchi when Balmuchu will file his", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12317352", "title": "Police official arrested in hacking case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A suspended sub-inspector of police has been arrested in connection with the leak of information regarding an alleged attempt to hack the personal e-mail of some muslim leaders in Kerala, official sources said today.S Biju Salim, in-charge of the cyber cell of police department, was arrested by the Crime Branch police team investigating the case, sources said. He was produced before the Chief Judicial Magistrate A M Ashraf at his residence here and remanded to judicial custody for 14 days.According to sources, he was arrested on charges of leaking official documents and for preparing a fake letter in the name of state intelligence.A report in a prominent Malayalam daily in January claiming that the state intelligence had instructed police to hack the personal e-mail of selected Muslim leaders had triggered a controversy in the state. Both Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and State DGP Jacob Punnose had denied the reports and ordered a probe into the circumstances of 'leakage of such matter'.The daily had reported that the SB-CID, the intelligence wing of the state police, had drawn up a list of 258 persons from the community for hacking, which included leaders of the Indian Union Muslim League, the second largest partner in the ruling Congress-led UDF.Salim was suspended when the probe was ordered in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12310743", "title": "Infant files caveat before high court", "text": "BANGALORE: The legal battle over the post of DG&IG; (head of police force) has now moved to the Karnataka high court.Infant, DGP for fire and emergency services and director of civil defence and commandant general of Home Guards, has filed a caveat before the HC for passing any order against the CAT verdict, which is in his favour.On Friday, the CAT-Bangalore quashed the selection of Shankar Bidari as DG&IG; by the state government, stating that it's a bad decision. The CAT stated that Infant is fit for the post, and will be here on ad hoc basis, till UPSC selects the candidate.The CAT said this case resembled the PJ Thomas's case (CVC case) and Sadashiva Committee report regarding excesses of STF for anti-Veerappan operations, that was headed by Bidari, but were not placed before the UPSC or chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12311768", "title": "Parched villages get Vedike as \u2018perfect\u2019 water samaritan", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangaluru Vidhansabha Kshetrada Matadarara Rakshana Vedike, an apolitical grouping of citizens, has come forward to supply water to 13 villages in Mangalore assembly constituency facing drinking water issues.The constituency comprises of 24 villages and one town municipal council. However, the water scarcity is acute in 13 villages like Natekal, Badyar, Renjadi, Madani Nagar, Adu, and Thiplepadavu.The office of the Vedike will be formally inaugurated at PM D'Souza Complex, Kapikad, Thokkottu on Sunday.Vedike has already started the work on providing water to the villagers since Tuesday. It has identified 100 points in the villages where cisterns of 5,000-litre capacity will be set up. They will be filled using water tankers, hired by the Vedike, as per a pre-drawn schedule with a provision for emergency refilling as well.Rahim Uchil, spokesperson of the Vedike, had recently told reporters that the gesture of providing potable water to the villagers is the result of forethought of Abdul Razzaq Harekala, chairman of Hydrose Haji Charitable Trust (Bangalore).\"The water scarcity in the villages during summer has to be felt to be believed,\" Rahim said, adding that gram panchayats are not financially empowered to deal with such crisis.Former Zila Parishat member Abdul Aziz Malar said the typical geographical make of the parched villages is laterite soil, which makes percolation of water difficult. \"Rampant sinking of borewells has affected the underground water table in the region,\" he said, adding that the only solution is to go in for a multi-village drinking water scheme with budgetary support from the state government. \"Water can be sourced from Thumbay,\" he said.Another ex-ZP member Vinay Naik said Vedike's office will also serve as a focal point to help the villagers with any assistance they might require in obtaining benefits of various government schemes.\"Besides water, roads, drainage and other civic amenities too feature on the agenda of Vedike,\" Vinay said, adding that it will also enlist support of Mangalore MLA UT Khader for its initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12311915", "title": "Continuing Medical Education programme at PGI eye centre", "text": "A Continuing Medical Education programme (CME) would be organized at the advanced eye centre in PGI to celebrate the centres 6th Founders Day on March 18, 2012.The Eye centre was set up to provide high quality tertiary eye care in the entire North West India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310515", "title": "Wanted criminals eyeing MCD seats held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two proclaimed offenders have been arrested by the south district police. For the past two decades, the accused were working as \"politicians'' in their native state of Rajasthan. The duo was also involved in a 1993 case of human trafficking and have reportedly send over 200 people to Gulf countries. However, they escaped the police dragnet then.Now, in 2012, the accused, Abdul Hamid and Gafar Ali, decided to contest the MCD elections and were nabbed by the Fatehpur Beri police after a raid in Rajasthan on Friday.Meanwhile, four people - Sonu, Vinay, Chote Lal and Manoj - have been arrested by the south district police for their involvement in several robberies in the Nehru Place.The accused disclosed they have been targeting crowded buses and collecting the amount to fund their desire of contesting the MCD polls this year. They are in habit to use surgical blades as and when opposed by the victim. Two mobile phones have been recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12317072", "title": "Kirti takes a dig at Sachin", "text": "PATNA: After Sachin Tendulkar's 100th century in international cricket, the big question that has started doing the round once again is about the right time for the master blaster to call it quits. The Master, however, said after achieving the feat that he was enjoying the game.Commenting on Tendulkar's statement, former international cricketer and member of the Indian squad which won the 1983 World Cup, Kirti Azad, on Sunday said that playing cricket for a country was not a matter of enjoyment. \"Indian team does not go abroad to enjoy holidays. If you are a member of the Indian team, you are expected to perform consistently,\" he said, referring to the period of over one year Tendulkar took to reach the milestone after his 99th hundred.Saluting the Master for his achievements and contribution to Indian cricket, Kirti, however, said it was better for Tendulkar or selectors to decide on his retirement.Kirti was talking to mediapersons at the Moinul Haq Stadium here during the screening of under-16 and under-22 cricketers to select 30 of them from Bihar for the reality show 'Cricket Champs', being organized by the Indraprastha All India Sports Foundation.Replying to a question whether Tendulkar's slow century should be blamed for India's defeat against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup, he said, \"He played like Shatabdi Express till 87, but slowed down like Garib Rath before reaching his 100.\"Talking about the sorry state of affairs of Bihar cricket, the BJP member of Parliament from Darbhanga said that the matter was sub-judice. \"But, unfortunately, the fight is not about how to run cricket in Bihar, but who should operate the bank account of the Bihar Cricket Association,\" Kirti commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12312120", "title": "159 home scientists honoured", "text": "At the annual convocation and prize distribution function of Government Home Science College as many as 150 degrees were awarded. The prestigious award of the college went to Saloni Jain of BSc III for being the best all round student. Megha Bakshi of BSc III won Dr Devia??s Award and Shruti Sehgal of BSc III grabbed K P Sinha award.As many as 261 prizes were distributed for academic and co-curricular achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312201", "title": "Cops clueless about woman's identity", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 24 hours after the police recovered burnt body parts of a woman the police remained clueless about her identity.The post-mortem report is awaited as doctors, who conducted the autopsy, were unable to reach a conclusion, the police said.The incident came to light when a person spotted a stray dog carrying a human body part. The incident took place in a farm house in Bilkhiria. Subsequently, the police reached the spot and started investigation.It was suspected that the woman, around 25 years of age, was burnt after murder, the police said, hoping, the post-mortem report would clear the picture.The police could recover only one hand, a foot and skull while the remaining corpse was believed to be consumed by the animals.The officials said body was recovered from a farmhouse of oranges near village Kanha Saiya. It reportedly belongs to Sanjay Lalwani. The police have also recovered some pieces of clothes close to the body.Senior officials visited the scene of crime and took stock of the situation. The incident shocked the local residents. The body appears to be around a week old, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314251", "title": "Manoj Kumar didn't socialise much: Manish Goswami", "text": "My father is Manoj Kumar's dad's brother and we've grown up together. He gave me the pet name 'Chintu' when I was born.I grew up watching his films and going on the sets. My dad produced Upkaar and Manoj give me full liberty as head of production on Kalyug aur Ramayan, Clerk and Deshwasi.When I graduated, I handled production for his films. Later, I started my production house and everything I learnt from him, holds in good stead. He taught me that hard work pays off, and there is no replacement for it.Manoj is a family man and didn't socialise much. This picture was taken almost 38 years ago on my 12th birthday. Back then, we didn't have hard bound scripts. He would come to the sets and write the scenes in Urdu. They were translated into Hindi and copies were made and circulated among the actors. There were no monitors then and filmmaking was a difficult task, one that he put his heart and soul into.The star of Upkaar and Purab aur Paschim would say that he can go without food but not without watching films, such was his love for cinema. His priorities were clear, money was not important, but your name matters. In 1990, he cast me as freedom fighter Ram Prasad Bismil in Bharat ke Shaheed which ran on Doordarshan. Producer Nitin Manmohan, who played Chandrashekhar Azad, was also convinced to act for the first time! He is happy with my success after I made serials like Kittie Party and Parampara. He calls me every second day to inquire about the health of my family and discusses films. His love for cinema remains undiminished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12310354", "title": "Preventive check-ups healthier than cure?", "text": "MUMBAI: For every Indian procrastinating over whether or not to walk to the nearest hospital or diagnostic laboratory for a health screening, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday presented the perfect push: a savings in taxes of up to Rs 5,000 for an annual preventive check-up.This unexpected sop has brought the spotlight on a medical question: How important are preventive checks in keeping one healthy?Worldwide, the jury is still out on deciding whether a check-up a year can indeed keep the doctor away. There is also the entire population and not just an individual to consider. When US presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton announced in 2008 that \"focus on prevention; wellness not sickness'', health economists produced statistics to establish that there can be no substantial savings by focusing on prevention as against cure.In India, the industry pitch is clear: preventive health checks help catch maladies, if at all, early.Super Religare Laboratories CEO Dr Sanjeev K Chaudhry said the initiative \"augurs well for the diagnostics sector which plays a key role, both in preventive health segments and national health screening initiatives\".Dr Nilesh Shah of Metropolis Laboratory hoped the budget spark would improve the numbers coming in for health checks. \"At present, the numbers opting for preventive checks are too small,\" he said.The industry pitch is clear: preventive health checks help catch maladies, if at all, early.\"Preventive healthcare checks should be looked at as fitness checks,'' added Shah. \"No one can know whether they are low on vitamins D3 and B12 without a blood test,\" he said. Many also point to Tata Memorial Hospital's anti-cancer line that \"cancer is curable if diagnosed early\".The industry offers 85-plus tests to ascertain if people are healthy or not. From blood tests to quick CT and MRI scans to rule out cancers, heart problems, liver and kidney failure, the diagnostic sector offers them all-of course, for a price. The promise is that higher the volume of tests, cheaper it would be for individuals.Suparna Pandit (name changed) has taken to exercising diligently after a random decision to check her lipid profile revealed elevated levels of blood sugar and cholesterol. Harish S is happy that his 80-year-old father's prostate is just enlarged like 80% men his age and not cancerous.But sceptics and health economists are not sure if the larger picture looks healthy. First, there is anxiety that waiting for the results of, say, a cancer biomarker test can produce. \"The major drawback of tests is that they are not very accurate. They produce a large number of 'false positives' - patients whose test results are abnormal but have no illness in reality,'' said Dr Aniruddha Malpani, who is the medical director of Health Education Library for People, adding that an abnormal test result creates anxiety and stress. \"Also, it leads to a merry-go-round of further tests and consultations to determine whether the original result has any significance, wasting even more money,'' said Malpani.A cancer doctor said many 50-year-plus men are asked to take the prostate-specific antigen blood test. \"But a decade after the test became popular, the medical fraternity has realized that it can detect very small cancers that take up to a decade or more to actually become a threat to life. So if a cancer is detected in a 75-year-old, do we need to put him through a toxic cancer treatment?\" he asked.Dr Abhay Shukla of NGO Cehat (Centre for Enquiry into Health and Allied Themes) finds the tax sop \"irrational\". \"India should invest in mass screening programmes for diseases such as diabetes and hypertension. Instead, the middle classes are being encouraged to spend on an irrational idea of preventive health checks. Who needs yearly health check-ups?\" asked Shukla. Malpani felt that preventive tests had become popular only because they are profitable for hospitals.But Dr Arun Bal of Acash (Association for Consumers' Action on Safety &amp; Health) feels preventive health checks do have a role in the field of medicine. \"It should be available to all and not just to the high-tax paying corporate types... India has 62 million patients with diabetes who need constant monitoring and checks. 80% of Indians live in villages that don't have standardized laboratories. Many go to public hospitals,\" said Bal, adding that these are the areas that the government needs to look at before approving such a move.Pros &amp; ConsPros: For diseases such as cancer, early diagnosis can mean complete cure. Problems with heart, liver, kidney and vitamin deficiencies can be found earlyCons: False positive results, anxiety, stress, more tests, procedures and expenditure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12310728", "title": "Court wants to see list of Kazmi\u2019s interrogators", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of arrested journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi's complaint that multiple agencies, including Delhi Police and Israel's intelligence agency Mossad , are interrogating him in connection with the car bombing case, a trial court on Saturday asked the police to file its response in an affidavit.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav sought the official register of the officers questioning the suspect, and asked whether \"any register of names of persons interrogating Kazmi is being maintained and, if not, facts be stated by way of an affidavit by officer not below the rank of deputy commissioner of police\".Delhi Police has denied the allegation made in a petition moved by Kazmi's counsel Vijay Aggarwal on Thursday. The petition states Kazmi's interrogators are always in plainclothes, making it impossible for him to identify them. CMM Yadav, who was not convinced by the oral submissions made by the police, said, \"The reply of the Special Cell is silent about the wearing of uniform and name tags by the interrogating officers. Let a detailed reply be filed\".Stating \"He (Kazmi) is a human being and not a chattel or a property\", the court asked the police to put on record whether it has given Kazmi a copy of the arrest memo detailing the grounds of his arrest.The court's remarks followed the police's denial of Aggarwal's submission that Kazmi \"has become a lab testing pig\" who is being harassed in custody and interrogated by \"not only the officials of Delhi Police but also by officials of other investigating agencies as every day he sees a new face interrogating him.\"The police submitted that the \"interrogation of the accused is being conducted as per law without causing any sort of harassment whatsoever to him. The allegations levelled are false and denied\".Aggarwal also requested the court to allow him to be present during a part of his (Kazmi's) interrogation, if not throughout, so that he could see the interrogators. The court asked the police to suggest a way whereby the counsel could be permitted to be present, balancing the right of the investigating agency to interrogate with the accused's right to legal assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "12311806", "title": "Jewellers shut shop to protest tax hike in budget", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: Opposing the hike of import tax and the levying of excise duty on gold as announced in the Union Budget, jewellers in Madurai and Trichy have downed their shutters for the next three days. There are around 2,000 jewellery shops in Madurai and hundreds of shops situated on the South Avani Moola Veedhi.The jewellers shut shop after attending the general body meeting of the Tamil Nadu Jewellers and Bullion Merchants Association held in the afternoon. Over 450 jewel shops in Trichy also shut their doors on Saturday. M Balasubramanian, president, Tamil Nadu Jewellers Federation said they had decided to close from March 17 to 19 as decided by the jewellers association nationwide.\"Three months back, the import tax was increased from 1% to 2% and the Union budget has now announced an additional 2%, thus making it 4% as import tax. Besides, the excise duty of 1% has been introduced in the budget. The gold prices may go up by Rs 100 per gram, making gold costlier for the public,\" he said. Further, the announcement of collecting pan card numbers for transactions above Rs 2 lakh sales and Tax Deducted at Sources (TDS) for transactions crossing Rs 3 lakhs has also worried the jewelers.The strike would affect business to the tune of Rs 40-50 crore in Trichy itself, G Dhamodharan, secretary of Trichy jewelers association said. Jewel shops in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Pudukkottai and Kumbakonam also remained closed on Saturday. In Nagapattinam, over 60 jewel shops went on strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12311321", "title": "Hoping for a cub, tigress to be relocated to Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: A tigress from the Kota-Baran region that has mothered at least two cubs will now be relocated to the Sariska Tiger Reserve. This will be done to ensure that the reserve finally manages to get cubs. Tigers from Ranthambore have been shifted to Sariska since 2008. Despite four years no cub has been spotted in this protected wild life sanctuary. At present there are three tigers and two tigresses in this reserve.To make it easier for the tigress, one of the two male tigers at the reserve will also be put inside the enclosure so that the tigress will feel safe enough to give birth to cubs.These and many other decisions were arrived at during a one-day workshop conducted by the Sariska Tiger Foundation on Saturday. Those who participated in the workshop were V P Singh, Rajya Sabha member, HS Panwar the former director of Wildlife Institute of India, scientist Dr K Shankar, A C Chobe, chief wildlife warden of Rajasthan and several other experts.Experts gathered at the Sariska Tiger Reserve also agreed to remove the radio collar from tigress ST-2 as the collar has become defunct. Proposals were also passed to bring in more men to guard the forest.The experts also did not rule out the possibility of purposeful miscarriage by the tigresses as one of the reasons behind lack of cubs even after the relocation of three tigers and two tigresses.Since the tigresses were feeling unsafe to give birth due to constant interference from human beings and livestock they were aborting the cubs. The tigresses are finding the place unsafe for their cubs. Scat tests confirmed high hormonal presence that suggested pregnancy but later showed sudden drop indicating miscarriage,\" said most of the experts.HS Panwar, the former director of Wildlife Institute of India, said that Sariska is fast losing its reputation. \"The main reason behind stalemate in tiger population here is the fact that tigresses have become depressed due to the unsafe surroundings. The gene pool is also a problem. Tigers should be shifted to Sariska from areas other than Ranthambore National Park,\" said Panwar.The other reason cited for lack of cubs here was the radio callers for the tigers. \"The tiger population is not increasing because of the radio callers installed to track their movements in the reserve,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12312228", "title": "'Rubaat' row settled", "text": "BHOPAL: The controversy over the Naazir (power of attorney) of 'Rubaat'(guest house for Hajj pilgrims) in Mecca and Medina came to an end after a decision at a closed door meeting of Sharmila Tagore and stakeholders on the issue on Saturday afternoon.Shaher Qazi said, \"The decision to appoint a person of Bhopal as the caretaker was taken at the meeting. But the procedure may take three months as the Saudi law requires three months. After this, a Bhopal Naazir would be appointed for the Rubaat.\"Sharmila Tagore arrived in the city late on Friday night. Sources said her two-day city visit would see an announcement of a new Auqaf-e-Shahi secretary with a resolution to appoint a Naazir or power of attorney for Bhopal Rubaat in the holy city of Medina, Saudi Arabia .While the decision was taken to appoint a Naazir having an association with Bhopal, no announcement of the new Auqaf-e-Shahi secretary was made.The meeting was attended by Bhopal Shahar Qazi Maulana Syed Mushtaq Ali Nadwi, Bhopal Shahar Mufti Maulana Abdul Kalam Qasmi, Javed Hafiz, Sikander Miyan and Sharmila Tagore.Sharmila is learnt to have said the media had hyped the issue out of proportion. This was also the reason for her not talking directly to the press, sources said.Protesters had waved black flags at Saif Ali Khan on his recent visit to the city on March 12, demanding appointment of a Saudi national with Bhopal association as the caretaker of Rubaat, built by the erstwhile Nawabs of Bhopal for Haj pilgrims and continue the same tradition.The controversy arose when a Saudi national without any association with Bhopal was appointed as the caretaker.Daughter of Pataudi, Saba Sultan who is the Auqaf-e-Shahi Mutawalli or custodian of the royal wakf properties, did not turn up for the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-18"}
